And then… when it was Leo’s turn, I retracted my previous evaluation.

‘...Not just anyone can be the protagonist’s friend.’

In the novel, Leo was clearly not one of the stronger members of the protagonist’s group, but here, he stood out starkly among the other students.

Everything is different from an extra who dies at the age of twenty by his brother’s hand. If I had to enter, I should have entered a character like him.

While I was having these idle thoughts, the students' names continued to be called, and dazzling magic flashed incessantly before my eyes.

Cruelly, the practical magic class didn’t exempt anyone unless they were absent.

‘Until now, Luca couldn’t do anything.’

Even then, that Leo guy always kept an eye on Luca. According to my memory, Leo used to send Luca a look of contempt every single time. It must have made Luca think of quitting every hour.

At that moment, the professor called a familiar name.

“Next, Lucas Askanian!”

*

“I was surprised. Isn’t this almost the first time you’ve walked around looking like a human?”

Friday, the day the new semester began.

One student entered the training ground used by the magic department, speaking in an excited voice.

Although there was no subject, it was obvious who they were referring to. Other students who had been resting on the floor responded with intense reactions.

“Yeah, I almost fainted.”

“I saw his face for the first time today. Does it make sense that I’ve been at this school for this long and only just saw his face?”

“You must not have been attending school properly.”

“What are you talking about, XX.”

The students burst into laughter among themselves.

Ignoring his friends, one student brought up Lucas again.

“But he seemed like a completely different person. Don’t you think he did more than just cut his hair?”

“What’s so surprising? He probably spent the two-month vacation at home learning how to walk again. And how to open his eyes.”

“Haha! I guess he’s planning to live properly now. I was really surprised when he answered in class.”

A student who had been sitting with a dark face without participating in the conversation the entire time shook his head.

“I don’t know, a guy who was a rat at school now acting normal….”

At those words, the constant undercurrent of laughter in the conversation died out.

It wasn’t because there were always stories criticizing Lucas.

The silence dragged on for a while until one student, trying to lighten the mood, spoke with a playful expression.

“Isn’t that a ridiculous rumor? No matter how it is, that’s a bit….”

“Why are you so complacent? What if the fact that he dressed properly now means he plans to shamelessly drink blood like other Pleroma bastards?”

“Well… would he really do that openly while tied to the school? The royal family would come after him.”

“And has the royal family ever succeeded? Why did everyone avoid him? It’s because they feared he might really be with Pleroma.”

“......”

The follow-up comments weren’t important.

Has the royal family ever succeeded?

Those words could lead to charges of blasphemy, and the other students exchanged tense glances.

At that moment, one student raised his hands and stepped in.

“Hey, guys. We weren’t trying to talk about this. Calm down a bit.”

“Yeah, you go out and get some air. We were just curious how long he’d keep this up.”

The student furrowed his brows and shouted.

“Why are you so complacent? At this rate…!”

“Stop spouting nonsense.”

A cold voice from above made the students look up.

Leo, who had been listening silently to his friends' conversation, answered with a frosty expression.

“Changing appearances doesn’t change the essence. What can a guy who can’t even use magic do?”

It wasn’t typical for Leo, who usually didn’t engage in others' conversations, to say something like this.

Yet, his friends weren’t surprised at all.

Leo, who usually softened situations with a smile, had always criticized Lucas, so there was no reason to find it strange now.

One student laughed nonchalantly.

“Haha, that’s true. How is it that he can’t even do the basics? It seems like he can’t cast any magic at all.”

“Even if he knew how to, everyone here knows he’s just a charity case. Showing some shitty magic skills won’t change anything.”

“Didn’t they say he can’t use magic because he can’t drink blood?”

“Pleroma folks know how to use magic without drinking blood. Regardless of the process, he can’t use magic at all, so why is he even here?”

Despite the time allotted for training passing by, the students' conversation didn’t stray from Lucas's defamation.

By now, Leo had tuned out his friends' words, lost in his own thoughts.

*

‘…But you never know.’

Leo, who had been half-listening to his friends' chatter and staring into space, shook his head.

‘Changing appearances doesn’t change the essence.’

Even though he said that, it wasn’t true that Lucas had no magic abilities.

The dazzling magic he saw ten years ago was still vivid in his memory.

The Askanian family was renowned in the Empire for their magic, known for their bright and flamboyant spells, unlike any other family.

But the magic he witnessed was not just a typical spell passed down through the family.

Anyone who saw his magic once would never forget that moment.

Seeing Lucas's magic made me, who had no talent for magic, seriously study it and come this far.

The period when he turned into the wreck he is now coincided with rumors spreading across the Empire that he had joined Pleroma.

I don’t know the details as it happened before he entered this academy, but I heard he stopped using magic around that time.

‘Pathetic.’

If it were me, I’d flaunt my magic even more.

I wouldn’t let such insulting and rebellious rumors reach my ears.

In this society where magic supremacy is extreme, magical prowess is the most powerful authority.

With magnificent and strong magic that could shut everyone’s mouths, why does he act like he’s committed a mortal sin all by himself?

If it were me, even if I really belonged to Pleroma, I wouldn’t live like that.

Just thinking about it made me angry.

Was the magic I saw just an illusion?

At this point, that seems like the only possibility. Otherwise, that guy must be the biggest idiot in the Empire for doing nothing.

‘Still.’

The Lucas I saw during the day was completely different from usual.

It wasn’t just a haircut that made me think this. His gaze, his walk, his attitude towards people—all had changed. He even actively participated in class. It was as if he had become a completely different person.

Perhaps he has decided to turn over a new leaf.

‘Maybe… I can see it again.’

Caught by a sudden hope, Leo shook his head.

No, I shouldn’t get my hopes up.

When I first came here and saw how he lived, I was so disappointed.

Yet, I couldn’t help but grip my wand tightly. No matter how much I tried to kill it, that glimmer of hope never completely vanished.

*

Monday, the first magic class of the week.

“Excellent, Leo. Next!”

After finishing his turn, Leo returned to his seat.

His friends, who had gathered around, didn’t spare their praise.

“Hey, that was awesome. You seem even stronger than last year.”

“Do I?”

Their flattery fell on deaf ears.

It was just more flattery for his family.

They had always been like this since childhood.

Leo’s gaze naturally turned to Lucas.

Sitting far away from the other students as usual, but something was different.

Before, he would be trembling with fear, but now he showed no emotion at all.

That he could be so calm in a magic class was honestly surprising.

‘He has definitely changed.’

Leo wasn’t the only one who thought so.

The change was so shocking that all he could hear around him was talk about Lucas.

“Isn’t it his turn soon?”

“Yeah. He’s up in about three turns? Oh, now only two more to go.”

Students calculated Lucas’s turn and debated whether he would use magic or not.

‘Don’t get your hopes up.’

Leo gritted his teeth.

No matter how much he’s changed, how much could he have changed?

He might not even think of using magic.

Maybe the rumors are true, and he can’t use magic because he can’t drink blood.

If so, then there’s nothing more to say.

He sighed deeply.

“Next! Lucas Askanian!”

Leo quickly looked up.

Lost in thought, he hadn’t noticed it was already Lucas’s turn.

Unlike usual, Lucas walked forward with a rather normal gait.

“Begin.”

At the professor’s indifferent command, Lucas raised his wand to his chest.

‘…What?’

Leo frowned as he watched Lucas.

The professor, who had been absent-mindedly watching, raised his eyebrows in surprise. It was unexpected for a student who usually stood still with his head down to be raising his wand.

From where the students were waiting, there were sounds of sharp intakes of breath.

Crackle―!

At that moment, a red light flickered at the tip of the wand.

Then, it immediately died out.

“…!”

“Oh!”

“What was that?!”

Exclamations erupted from the students.

Although it wasn’t the kind of magic a near-adult mage should use, the classroom was shocked by the faint magic. Some students stood up from their seats.

“Did he just use magic?!”

“What was that? Wasn’t he supposed to be unable to use it?”

Leo, who had been frozen with wide eyes, slowly stood up in the now chaotic classroom.

‘This can’t be.’

It wasn’t an illusion.

The emotion from that day surged again.

That moment, which had inspired him to pursue magic despite not being born into a proper mage family, replayed vividly in his mind.

But the excitement was short-lived.

Lucas lightly shook the hand holding the wand, then, without doing anything more, he bowed his head and stood still.

---------------------------

TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.

PREVIOUS | NEXT

Ch 6: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 6

“It’s been so long since I last used magic that I’m not feeling well, Professor. May I leave now?”

Leo’s face twisted at those words.

‘Not feeling well?’

That guy was spouting nonsense.

That weak magic was intentional. He didn’t use even 1/100th of his power.

If he hadn’t used any magic at all, he might have fooled us, but once he cast a spell, there was no hiding it. His innate talent was impossible to conceal.

‘The professor should know too, right?’

The professor, looking as surprised as the other students, just nodded absent-mindedly.

“…Alright. You may go.”

“Thank you, Professor.”

‘Unbelievable.’

Leo let out a short, incredulous breath. Lucas smiled faintly and returned to his seat.

It was an absurd situation.

In a liberal arts class like history, he’d go out of his way to answer questions, but in a magic class, he deliberately held back?

‘What a joke.’

Leo glared coldly at Lucas.

***

I greeted the professor and found my seat. Leo’s piercing gaze stuck to me until the end.

As the class neared its end, I glanced at Leo’s seat. He was still staring at me with those terrifying eyes.

‘Successful.’

He must have noticed by now.

Given Leo’s level, he could probably sense even the faintest magic around him.

Of course, he would realize that I was holding back and lying about my condition.

Still, I didn’t expect him to be so unable to hide his anger.

I checked my favorability with him. The score, which had been -8, had now dropped to -9.

His immediate reaction made me chuckle.

‘Easy.’

It’s not easy for my brother to rush from the Holy See all the way here over a small change.

But if he hears that I’m not taking the medicine and performing proper magic, that’s a different story.

The time for my brother to know I’m off the meds is after I find the antidote.

There’s no need to foolishly reveal all my magic. All I want is to bring Leo over to my side. Right now, Leo should be the only one who sees my true power.

Now, all that’s left is one thing.

I just have to wait for Leo to come to me, unable to contain his anger.

I stood up at the sound of the bell signaling the end of class.

***

The same magic I saw ten years ago appeared before my eyes. Not in a dream, but in reality.

Back in his dorm, Leo leaned against the closed door, staring blankly.

He couldn’t make sense of the day. He couldn’t recall what he thought about or how he spent it.

All that remained in his mind was the magic he saw earlier.

‘He wasn’t unable to use magic.’

It was no longer a guess.

But the shock and excitement from seeing his magic quickly faded.

He wasn’t unable to use magic; he was deliberately not using it.

There was no way to understand why.

Why, with such enviable power, would he hide it? Unless he enjoyed living as a wretch, it didn’t make sense.

Lucas, now a second-year, was completely different from last year. The person who couldn’t answer simple questions and avoided eye contact out of fear now stared back with a mocking smile.

Why would someone who changed so much remain the same when it came to magic? Why use magic, then make a flimsy excuse about not feeling well to escape?

Leo glared into the dark void.

His expression and demeanor made it clear it wasn’t a mistake. It was a deliberate act.

If he won’t reveal his intention first, there’s only one way.

‘I have to find out the reason myself.’

***

That day, the school was buzzing about my magic.

But because its power was so lackluster, it didn’t stay a hot topic for long.

After all, this level of magic was basic.

Even without being from a prestigious family, anyone from a noble house could do this much.

So the reaction was mostly, ‘He’s from a mage family after all,’ or ‘Maybe he’s going to start taking school seriously.’

Some speculated that I was trying to show off my connection to Pleroma, but that didn’t last long.

‘Just as intended.’

The students’ interest quickly waned, while Leo remained on high alert.

Provoking Leo without the news reaching my brother—that was my goal for now, and so far, it was successful.

‘Status window.’

**Lucas Rene Askanian**

**Title:** The Empire’s Biggest Fool

**Health:** -5

**Mental Strength:** -10

**Magic:** ?

**Skill:** +0.015 (+0.013)

**Impression:** -10

**Luck:** -9.985 (+0.013)

**Traits:** Dawn 777, Divine Power

As expected.

Fortunately, this incident didn’t improve my impression score.

Having a higher impression score itself isn’t the problem.

A higher impression score means people around me are viewing me more favorably, which is a good thing.

The issue is ‘how’ to improve my image.

If I demonstrate my full power in magic class or prove the rumors about Pleroma are false, my impression score would skyrocket.

But that would mean dying at my brother’s hands. No one is more sensitive to my changes than he is.

‘But I’m not planning to leave that -10 as it is.’

If I can’t improve it openly, I’ll do it secretly.

Once I recruit Leo and improve my skills, I’ll work on improving my impression score.

Subtly, without anyone noticing, gradually.

Today is Thursday.

This is the fourth magic practice so far.

For the past three days, I’ve only emitted a faint light. Today, I drew the magic back into my body after extending it to the tip of my wand.

In the end, I hadn’t released anything outward.

I lowered my wand, which I had raised into the air, and spoke.

“Professor, I’m sorry, but I’m really not feeling up to it today.”

“Then you may leave.”

The professor's interest had waned sharply since yesterday.

It was only natural given the lack of change.

Fortunately, he wasn’t a passionate professor to begin with, nor was he particularly fond of Luca.

As I returned to my seat, I scanned the surroundings.

Perhaps because I did even less than before, Leo’s glare grew even sharper.

The bell signaling the end of class rang out.

As I was putting away my wand and getting up, a shadow loomed over me.

I looked up to see Leo glaring down at me with a cold expression.

“Hey, I need to talk to you.”

‘Just as expected.’

I had thought he would act around this time, and it was right on target.

In the novel, Leo was always like this.

Even with his relatively weak magic—by protagonist standards—he had an unwavering stubbornness about magic.

He never took the easy path, always sticking to his principles.

Someone like Leo would never stand by and watch someone play games with magic.

Especially if it was the person who introduced him to the path of magic.

Sorry, but... it can’t be helped for now.

I asked simply, without changing my expression.

“Why?”

“Come to the training ground at midnight.”

“Why? Explain first.”

Leo scoffed at that.

He looked as if wondering what was the point of explaining.

“Fine. If you don’t come, I’ll drag you out. So choose: come on your own or get dragged out.”

‘What a temper….’

Yeah, he was like this at this age.

Could things go any more smoothly?

**Quest:** Recruit **Leonard Wittelsbach** as your ally. (0/1) (20 hours 7 minutes 44 seconds)

‘20 hours.’

That’s plenty.

I smiled at Leo’s cold eyes.

***

At midnight, I left the dormitory.

There was no reason to pass up this opportunity that had come my way.

Considering Leo’s personality from the novel, he would keep his word even if he had to tear down the dormitory. Since it worked out as I hoped, there was no need to escalate things.

‘…It’s a bit strange that I’m coming out without complaint just because he called me.’

But considering his current state, that thought probably wouldn’t cross his mind. Instead, he might get annoyed that I arrived at the training ground just after midnight.

I looked at the clock tower in the distance.

12:11.

I arrived near the training grounds used by the Magic Department. Leo had his own private training ground, so I should head there.

But….

‘Come to think of it, did he assume I’d naturally know where his training ground is…?’

Lucas, who spent most of his time holed up in the dormitory, obviously wouldn’t know such things.

He called me out without even considering what I might know or not, which shows either his big ego or lack of thought.

Anyway, he said he’d drag me out if I didn’t come, so he should come looking for me.

I started heading towards the field in the center of the training grounds, intending to kill some time.

Then, someone grabbed me by the nape.

“Standing there like an idiot. You should’ve come inside, what are you doing?”

“How am I supposed to know where your training ground is? Even when I come, it’s a hassle.”

Leo didn’t respond to that and just dragged me inside and locked the door.

As he set up locking spells on the entrance, Leo spoke.

“Do you think we’re fools?”

“What?”

“Do you think we wouldn’t know? Do you think everyone wouldn’t notice your antics?”

“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

Leo glared at me coldly.

“Do you think we wouldn’t notice you deliberately stopping your magic? The professor, and the other students too!”

A silence fell.

Seeing that Leo wasn’t planning to break his intense gaze, I casually shrugged.

“The professor did seem to know. But… the students didn’t.”

Leo let out a bitter laugh.

As if finding it ridiculous, I didn’t even bother hiding that I was controlling my power. My nonchalant response made Leo’s face grow more enraged.

“If you’re going to behave like this, leave this school.”

“Why should I?”

“This isn’t a playground where you can do whatever you want. It’s a place to learn magic. We should’ve known when you got in through a donation.”

I nodded slowly at that.

“Are you saying I’m ruining the study atmosphere?”

“You know it well. If you’re not going to take the classes seriously, just leave. This isn’t a place for someone with your mindset.”

“What does it matter to you?”

“What?”

Leo’s face grew even harder.

I stared right back at him.

I didn’t want it to come to this, but ironically, to avoid making Leo an enemy, I had no choice.

I continued the act as naturally as possible and retorted.

“Why are you butting into something the professor hasn’t even mentioned?”

“The school belongs to the students. Do you think the silence of a professor just waiting for retirement is absolute? Do you think it’s important for a professor to silently allow students to slack off?”

Leo spoke with a firm voice.

‘Hmm.’

This aligns with my views.

Though the professor’s negligence ultimately worked in my favor, it wasn’t the ideal image of a responsible educator.

‘As expected of the protagonist’s friend.’

I didn’t expect to hear someone say that the school belongs to the students in this fantasy world.

However, just because our values align doesn’t mean it’s absolutely right.

I have to take a different stance now.

“Professors are also an essential part of the school. Isn’t it wrong to ignore them without even trying to express your opinion to them? If you really didn’t like the professor’s silence, it would be more rational to directly request for better class quality.”

“…….”

“Calling me out at midnight without explaining anything seems far less reasonable, don’t you think?”

Leo silently glared at me.

He still seemed to have a lot to say, but he didn’t look like he wanted to prolong the conversation right now.

‘That’s good for me too.’

Maybe it’s time to light a little fire under his hasty temper.

I sighed heavily and shook my head.

“I don’t get it. Did you call me out here just to say this? If you have nothing else, I’m leaving.”

“Draw your wand.”

A chilling voice came from behind me.

I turned my head silently to look at Leo. He had drawn his wand from his belt and was staring right at me.

“If you win, I’ll keep my mouth shut. I’ll accept whatever you do in class. But if I win, you leave this school.”

“…….”

“Laughable. You were so talkative earlier, but now you’re not confident?”

Finally.

Just what I wanted. A slow smile twisted my lips.

“Of course not.”

---------------------------

TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.

PREVIOUS | NEXT

Ch 7: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 7

In response to my answer, Leo immediately moved to the far end of the training ground and took his stance.

Leo drew his wand and performed a simple preparatory gesture.

Watching him triggered a memory from somewhere deep within me, a fleeting image of my father and brother performing similar gestures when I was a child.

‘I remember our family having its own stance.’

I knew how to perform it, but I didn’t particularly want to follow the family’s traditions.

I merely nodded my head slightly and adjusted my grip on the wand.

‘…!’

Suddenly, Leo’s magic was right in front of me.

Instinctively, I spun on my heel to the side.

BOOM―!

His attack shattered part of the training ground’s wall, debris falling to the floor.

Seeing the damage, I broke into a cold sweat.

‘Impressive.’

If I had been a moment slower, I would have taken a direct hit.

Leo wasn’t someone who would use cheap tricks to win. His speed was incredible, even though he had attacked right after I had nodded my head.

It’s unimaginable how much effort it took for someone of his limited talent to achieve this level of skill.

In reality, the idea of facing off against Leo was absurd.

Lucas hadn’t been able to use proper magic for nearly ten years. No matter how talented he was, without practice, that talent was as good as nonexistent. He couldn’t compare to someone like Leo, who had devoted himself madly to magic for a decade despite lacking talent.

But that didn’t matter.

I wasn’t here to win. I was here to draw Leo to my side.

“Avoiding?”

Leo, as if expecting this, launched attacks to surround me.

As his blue magic spread around, it felt like I was submerged in water.

“Ugh!”

I barely managed to shield myself with minimal magic, but some of it penetrated the barrier and pierced my skin.

The power was almost unbearable….

‘It feels like he hasn’t even started seriously yet.’

Come at me properly. That’s when I’ll strike.

What Leo wants is for me to use proper magic.

Since I know his unspoken desire, the true winner of this duel was already decided.

BOOM! CRASH!

I barely managed to fend off countless attacks aimed at scattering my focus.

I could overpower him with sheer strength as he wanted, but it wasn’t the right time yet.

Just a little more patience.

As I focused on defense without using any significant attacks, Leo spoke in a voice laced with contempt.

“What’s the point of stepping forward? Are you just here to waste time?”

Exactly.

I didn’t respond, only smiled.

Of course, the moment soon arrived.

Leo spun his wand between his fingers, extended it, and struck the ground.

BOOM!

Thorny vines erupted from all directions, hindering my movement. Vines wrapped around my jacket sleeve, extending toward my wand.

Apparently aiming to end it, another flash appeared in front of me with no escape.

‘Now’s the time.’

CRUNCH!

I mustered all my strength to tear my arm free from the vines and aimed my wand at him.

Drawing the maximum output from my core, I channeled my magic. As I tore my arm free, the thorns pierced my skin and disrupted my magical flow.

But it was too late. The magic was already cast.

As my jacket tore, it served to brake his magic momentarily.

BOOM―!

A tremendous noise erupted as our attacks collided. Dust filled the air from the shattered wall and floor.

But….

‘There should have been a counterattack by now.’

Could it be…?

Waving my wand to clear the dust, I saw Leo collapsed on the floor, clutching his forehead.

“…!”

He hadn’t dodged.

A faint smell of blood reached my nose.

A bitter laugh escaped me.

‘As expected, he really let himself get hit.’

From the start, his reason for calling me out was to see me use my full power in magic.

Although I assumed he wasn’t very interested in the outcome of our duel, the fact that he let himself get hit meant he was quite the madman.

“Hey, are you okay….”

“…Ha.”

Leo let out a hollow laugh and slowly got up.

Seizing the moment, I quickly scanned his condition. Fortunately, aside from the scratch on his forehead, he didn’t seem to be seriously injured.

‘My attack must have been mostly nullified by his.’

“Haha, ha… Yes, this is it. This is what I was waiting for!”

Leo laughed, clutching his bloodied forehead.

The sight of his face sent a chill down my spine.

“What….”

“To see this again… I’ve waited so long for this day…. I’ll never be able to keep up with you at this rate. Yes, you’ve won. You’ve won.”

As he staggered to stand, he fell back to the floor but continued to laugh as if something wonderful had happened. It was an utterly bizarre scene.

I wanted to shut the door and leave immediately, but since it was my attack that caused this, I couldn’t just abandon him here.

I approached and slipped my arm under his shoulder, helping him up.

“…Hey. Sorry. You seem a bit out of it. Let’s get you some medical attention.”

“No, do more. Use more magic.”

‘Crazy bastard.’

“Huh? I can take as much as you’ve got. No, please. I can’t believe what I saw. Just once more, if you hit me one more time, I’ll accept it as reality….”

Thud―!

Chills ran through me, and I dropped him back to the floor.

Too much passion can do this to a person.

Sure, he had an exceptional enthusiasm for magic even in the novel, but I didn’t expect him to be so nonchalant about injury.

“Snap out of it. My magic was nullified by your attack, so you’re only hurt this much. If you take it again without any defense, you could die. Don’t you get that?”

Despite my jaded tone, Leo paid no mind.

Slowly, like a zombie, he lifted himself off the floor, muttering.

“…I knew you could still use it. I wasn’t wrong. The adults didn’t believe me, and after ten years, I started to think it was just my imagination. But everything is just as it was that day.”

“……”

Come to think of it, he had said something about seeing it again earlier.

This was a story he only confided to the protagonist towards the end in the original work….

‘Is it okay for him to tell me this directly?’

It seemed he was too excited to realize what he was saying. Or maybe he genuinely didn’t care.

I might as well try to steer the conversation.

As I was about to sit next to him, Leo let out a small laugh.

“What is this? The rumor that you’re part of Pleroma was a lie too, wasn’t it? Right? If the rumors were true, you wouldn’t have spared me. So, you’ve spent all these years over such rumors….”

His voice started to tremble.

It made me feel a pang of bitterness as well.

Hearing such words from someone who began practicing magic because of me was sobering. Even though I wasn’t Luca, I could feel Luca’s emotions seep into me.

Leo, who had been mumbling to himself, suddenly looked up with completely different eyes.

There was a madness in them.

“What do I need to do to see that magic again? If I attack you again, maybe…!”

“Sleep.”

This is ridiculous.

Any sense of sentiment vanished.

Seeing that he wouldn’t stay down no matter what, I cast a sleep spell on him.

I plopped down next to the now-sleeping Leo.

I needed to rest a bit before taking him to the infirmary.

Through the transparent ceiling of the training ground, the pitch-black night sky was visible. Everything was the same as the world I had lived in, including the sky.

Thinking of the world I came from after using magic made me chuckle.

How did I end up in this world, trying to prevent an extra’s death…?

“This concludes it.”

I had successfully brought the person who would be most helpful to my side.

‘Technically, he’s not fully on my side yet.’

Since he had seen me use magic, he wouldn’t act as he usually did. So, I could already consider this a success.

Instead, I should be worried about the potential hassle.

But even that was a welcome development for me.

With Leo recruited, it was time to start improving my skills.

Of course, I couldn’t practice magic openly.

That would be like advertising for a swift death.

But….

‘I can’t just sit still, either.’

Given that I couldn’t act directly, I had to make full use of the people around me.

And I had already figured out how to utilize this friend.

I looked at the sleeping Leo.

Having resolved his ten-year-old wish, he was sleeping peacefully without a hint of tension.

‘Blissfully unaware of the future.’

Let’s become good friends.

I laughed out loud.

***

I had a dream of my childhood.

The same situation and the same magic every time.

But today was different somehow.

‘…It seemed more dazzling than usual.’

When I opened my eyes, a bright light covered my vision.

It was too bright to be morning.

Leo turned his head and squinted. His forehead felt tight.

“Ugh….”

“Awake?”

At Lucas’s short question, Leo rolled his eyes to look at him, then closed them again wearily.

“…A dream….”

“Nope.”

“Then everything I remember is….”

“Real.”

Leo abruptly sat up and scanned Lucas. Then he clicked his tongue.

“Tsk.”

What was that about?

Judging by his still guarded expression, the personal distance between them hadn’t significantly narrowed.

As Lucas pondered how to respond, Leo furrowed his brows and spoke.

“…I have so much to say, I don’t know where to start.”

“Take your time. We have plenty of it since we’re skipping class.”

A long silence followed.

After a deep breath, Leo began.

“You don’t drink blood.”

“If I did, I’d probably throw up.”

“The rumor that you couldn’t use magic because you couldn’t drink blood was also a lie. So, those excuses Pleroma always makes have nothing to do with you.”

“Right.”

“The rumor that the second son of Ascanien was born with poor magical abilities was also false. I already knew that wasn’t true after seeing it with my own eyes.”

Lucas nodded.

Leo, with a complex expression, furrowed his brow.

“The magic you used yesterday wasn’t ordinary. Not at all. You know that, right?”

“I know.”

Lucas answered simply.

Honestly, it would be foolish not to, having seen it with his own eyes.

At first, I was surprised. My reflexive thought was, ‘My brother will never take the head of the family at this rate,’ which says it all.

“Why haven’t you used magic until now?”

“……”

When Lucas only stared at him, Leo’s voice grew louder.

“Why did you succumb to those ridiculous rumors? Why have you lived like this despite having such abilities?!”

“Do you want to hear it?”

“Of course I do!”

At Leo’s sharp reply, Lucas let out a light laugh.

Yes, this is how it should be.

Yesterday, he was so excited about confirming I could use magic that he focused solely on the magic itself. But now, he could think calmly and delve into the real issue.

Lucas leaned closer to Leo.

“Then promise me. Don’t tell anyone. This is a matter of life and death for me.”

Now, come over to my side.

From this moment, the original story will be completely twisted.

Of course, in a good way.

---------------------------

TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.

PREVIOUS | NEXT

Ch 8: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 8

Leo's eyes trembled as if he couldn't believe what he was hearing.

“…What on earth?”

“So, promise me first.”

Even without a promise, Leo wasn't the type to spread someone else's story. After all, he'd been by my side for over ten years.

Still, it was important to understand the weight of what he was about to hear.

Leo looked at me suspiciously, then let out a deep sigh.

“I promise. In the name of God.”

“You don't have to bring God into this, but fine. I'll explain briefly, so listen carefully.”

Leo nodded with a determined expression.

“I was born with the strongest magical power in our family, and my brother wants to inherit our father's title and become the head of the family.”

“…Is that it?”

Despite his words, Leo seemed to have grasped the gravity of the situation as his face darkened.

I nodded.

“You know that the right of succession is usually given to the one with the strongest magic, right? You can guess how things have played out from there.”

“…You're saying you can't use magic because of your brother?”

“Yeah, if I use it, I die.”

“Would your brother really come to kill you?”

Leo asked, not understanding the severity of the situation. But knowing the future where I'd be killed by my brother's hand, I could only smile bitterly.

I took a crystal bottle out of my bag, which I had brought from the dormitory at dawn, and held it up to Leo's eyes.

“What do you think this medicine is?”

Leo squinted as he took the bottle and held it up to the light.

“Medicine? What was extracted to make it glow like this? It looks like ink.”

“It’s the medicine my brother sends me every month. It's made from ingredients that have never been officially distributed in the empire, so you wouldn’t know.”

Why would the medicine sent by my brother, who wants to become the head of the family, be made from substances that have never been officially distributed in the empire?

Seeing the ominous combination, Leo furrowed his brows.

“No way….”

“That's right. When I drink this, my core gets completely blocked, and if I try to use magic, it shocks me.”

“Wait a minute, even if he’s your brother, how can he do that? A mage dies if their magic doesn’t circulate. How does he expect you to survive if he blocks it?”

“What do you think? My brother wants me dead as soon as possible. Giving me this medicine is proof enough that he wants me dead.”

Leo's face turned pale with shock.

A look of disbelief, as if he had never imagined such a thing.

Leo, who had always grown up in a warm and harmonious family, wouldn't understand.

Leo, who had been making a confused expression all this time, slowly opened the bottle and sniffed it.

“When did you start drinking this?”

“I think I was ten.”

“That’s during your growth period. The most important time for a mage, and this….”

“…….”

Leo ground his teeth, looking more upset than I was.

I let out a helpless laugh.

It seemed he found my lack of growth in magic to be the most severe issue.

I wondered how powerful the magic he'd seen me use as a child was to make him react this way.

“Wasn’t there a way to avoid drinking it? What about your father…?”

“When I was twelve, I skipped it for a week. Then I suddenly passed out, and when I woke up, my brother said I had killed a wolf. After that, it was obvious.”

“What happened?”

“Every time I showed reluctance to drink it, I was locked in a room. They didn’t even give me food. It was under my brother and father’s orders.”

That’s how I remembered it.

Leo clasped his head, hearing the absurd situation.

“…I’m sorry to ask this in such a situation, but did you really kill the wolf?”

“I have no memory of it. I have no recollection after losing consciousness.”

“It might be presumptuous to suggest, but is there a chance your brother lied? Honestly, how could a young kid like you catch and eat a wolf, even with magic? It wouldn’t be hard to fake a scene like that.”

“It’s possible.”

“Then the rumors about you being a vampire, and the ones about you being involved with Pleroma… those could also have been spread by your brother.”

“Yeah.”

Leo buried his face in his hands.

After a long sigh, he looked up with a haggard face.

“This is crazy. This should be reported to the Imperial Investigation Team immediately.”

“You’re not going to report it.”

“Yeah, we shouldn’t act hastily yet. Your brother must have prepared for such an event.”

“You know well.”

Indeed, the protagonist’s friend was different.

It was convenient to talk to him.

“What should we do from here…? You want to get away from your brother, right? You’ve definitely changed. This time… well, you fixed your appearance, and seeing you use magic, it seems you’ve stopped taking the medicine. Honestly, this is the first time we’ve had such an uninterrupted conversation.”

“Of course. I want to live.”

“Is controlling your power because you were afraid your brother would notice? Is that right?”

“Yeah. But that's over now. If I continue, my brother will get suspicious.”

“…And here I was, not knowing anything, saying all sorts of things to you….”

Leo once again buried his face in his hands, reflecting on the past.

As he dug through his memories, he recalled all the times he had pressured Luca during their first year.

At the time, he hadn’t known the circumstances, so it couldn’t be helped, but now, he felt a mix of guilt and regret.

‘I just… wanted him to use magic properly.’

He didn’t want to acknowledge that the person he had admired all his life, the one who had changed his future, was being trampled on by others.

He thought Luca had given up too easily in the face of adversity.

He believed Luca was acting weak despite having the power to turn public opinion around.

Belatedly, his face flushed.

He had judged another person’s life too easily.

He had turned school into a place of suffering for a friend who was already tormented by family issues.

Even if he wasn’t the only one who had made things difficult for Luca, he had certainly influenced the atmosphere.

Leo, unable to meet Luca’s eyes, apologized.

“I’m sorry. I didn’t know you had such circumstances, and I….”

“I want to hear exactly what you’re sorry for.”

“…For treating you carelessly all last year without knowing, for suddenly calling you out yesterday to fight, for everything.”

I slowly sifted through Luca's memories.

Leo had certainly played a significant role in making Luca's school life more desolate.

No one can truly enjoy school life if they're hated by a popular student.

‘Of course, even if Leo hadn’t shown his disdain, Luca would have had the same image here….’

I let out a bitter laugh at the unfortunate reality.

By openly despising Luca, Leo had only added fuel to the fire.

But that fire had already been burning brightly from the first day of school.

‘Still, it’s not like he wasn’t hurt at all.’

As I watched Leo, he lowered his head.

“I'm sorry. It's late, but I'll help you with anything I can.”

“Well, can we delay the forgiveness for later?”

I am not Luca. It wasn’t me who lived a life full of caution; it was Luca.

If I ever leave this body, Luca will have to live on his own.

So, at the very least, I wanted to leave this decision for Luca to make himself.

Leo nodded at my words.

“Of course. You don’t have to forgive me. I didn’t apologize to burden you. I just felt bad for showing my dislike when you must have had your reasons for living that way.”

I quietly watched Leo as he rambled on.

In fact, this moment should have come ten years later, during the process of dealing with his brother.

Thanks to changing the flow, Luca could hear a sincere apology while he was still alive.

Right now, there might be a whirlwind of emotions, but it’s better for Leo to get it off his chest while his friend is alive rather than apologizing to a grave.

More importantly, it was clear that Leo wasn't a bad seed since he felt guilty for his actions despite going along with the school’s sentiment.

I carefully scrutinized Leo's face.

He seemed to be stuck in a slump for a long time.

Should I lighten the mood now?

“Alright. How could you have known if I didn’t tell you?”

“I mean, even without telling me, there must be a reason someone lives like that, but I put my emotions first….”

“…I get it, man. I’m telling you to stop thinking about it.”

Ever since he started throwing out words without thinking yesterday, I realized that this guy often doesn’t know what he’s saying.

Suppressing the urge to hit him, I nodded.

Even after giving him some time to think, Leo’s face remained ashen.

‘This won’t do.’

If he keeps dwelling on it like this, it’s not just him; even I’ll be in trouble.

I didn’t want to bring this up, but I had no choice.

“Don’t blame yourself too much for this. Honestly, you just wanted to see me use proper magic, didn’t you? Right?”

Leo looked slightly puzzled at my words but nodded.

“…To some extent. It annoyed me to see you just accept others’ disdain when you could use magic. I saw your magic when you were young. I thought that kind of magic could solve everything….”

“That’s not what I remember.”

“Huh?”

“I remember you saying, ‘I’ve been looking forward to this day, to see it again…’”

“Did I?”

His eyes widened in disbelief.

‘He really wasn’t in his right mind then.’

“Maybe I misspoke. It wasn’t to that extent….”

“No, you said you started magic because of me.”

“What?”

Only silence followed.

Leo, who couldn’t close his mouth, spoke in a flustered tone.

“Wait. Who… who told you that…?”

“…If you’re that shocked, you could’ve just denied it right away.”

Seeing his shocking reaction made me laugh and feel pity at the same time.

Denying it would have been meaningless anyway.

I couldn’t say I read it in a book, so I spoke calmly.

“You told me right before you passed out yesterday. Was I not supposed to know?”

At those words, all the color drained from Leo’s face.

He tried to respond as normally as possible, shaking his head.

“No, it’s fine. You can know. Just don’t tell anyone else.”

“I won’t. By the way, I’m honored. You started magic because of me.”

Luca should know about this.

I wondered how the real Luca would have reacted to this.

As I chuckled at the thought, Leo, misunderstanding my laughter, snapped back, his face red with anger.

“Aren’t you going to class? And to be precise, it wasn’t because of you but because of your magic. I didn’t even remember your face. I just remembered your name.”

I wanted to ask where my magic came from if not from me, but I let it go.

“Alright, got it. Let’s put that aside for now. I have two favors to ask. I need your help.”

“What’s with the number? Just tell me.”

Leo answered gruffly.

I ignored his tone, focusing on the fact that he was willing to help me actively.

“I need a specific medicine. Can you get it for me?”

“Is it available in the Empire?”

“Yes.”

I took a note out of my pocket and handed it to him.

I couldn’t remember the exact name of the medicine from the novel, so I had searched through books whenever I had the chance. I finally found a familiar name in a herbal medicine book.

Leo nodded after reading the note.

“It’s common, so I can get it within a week. I’ll inform my family. What’s the second thing?”

“Spar with me daily.”

“What?”

Leo’s face lit up instantly.

He quickly composed himself, but it was too late.

I couldn’t help but burst into laughter.

“…Haha….”

“…Are you mocking me? I just never found a suitable partner. Got it?”

“Do you think we’re on the same level? Don’t make excuses. So, will you do it?”

Leo averted his eyes and shut his mouth.

Honestly, even as a compliment, we weren’t on the same level. I had extraordinary magical power but not exceptional skills.

Leo recalled his memories from the previous year.

Training with the person who set him on this path.

It was something he had been hoping for since he heard the rumors about me entering this academy.

‘Or perhaps, I had hoped for this ever since I saw Luca’s magic ten years ago.’

From that day, I had worked hard to become someone who could stand shoulder to shoulder with him.

So, this wasn’t really a favor from me but one I wanted to ask of him.

Leo nodded.

“Of course.”

Ding—!

At Leo’s answer, white text flashed before my eyes.

Congratulations!

‘Proposal: Make ‘Leonard Wittelsbach’ your ally.’ Successful!

‘Chapter 2. Help yourself, God will help you (2)’ completed!

‘Route 1 — Confirmed for 〈Chapter 3. Constant dripping wears away a stone (1)〉.’

「Chapter 3. Constant dripping wears away a stone (1)」

‘Hmm.’

Good, I’m satisfied.

It seems the foundation has been laid.

This proposal seemed quite important. I wonder if anything has changed.

I called up the status window.

---------------------------

TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.

PREVIOUS | NEXT

Ch 9: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 9

[Lucas Rene Askanien]

Title: The Empire’s Biggest Fool

Health: -4.8 (+0.2)

Mental Strength: -9 (+1.0)

Magic Power: ?

Skill: +0.015

Impression: -10

Luck: -8.985 (+1.0)

Traits: Dawn777, Divine Power

‘My mental strength increased by 1?’

It had definitely been -10 before.

Luck, which had been -9.985, also showed improvement. Considering it had been increasing by 1/1000, this was significant progress.

Even health had increased by 0.2. The rise in health, despite not being in a situation conducive to physical improvement, suggested a link to mental strength.

Did making one friend cause this change?

Aside from very early childhood, Leo was essentially my first friend, so it was a plausible theory.

‘…….’

It was hard to watch without feeling sorry.

‘Wait a moment.’

There was something else I needed to check.

Shifting my gaze, a new window appeared.

---

[Dawn777]

- Final outcome ‘Chapter X. Death’ in 767 days, 23 hours, 18 minutes, and 01 second

- Change possibility: 5.3% (+5%p)

---

5.3%.

Gaining one ally increased it by 5%p, which was quite satisfying.

It meant that Leo would be a significant help in my survival moving forward.

‘Hmm, I’m curious about Leo’s status.’

Come to think of it, I had been too focused on quickly checking favorability to have time to look at status windows before.

I called up Leo’s status window as I looked into his eyes.

---

Leonard Wittelsbach

Favorability: 0

Title: ?

Health: +7.5

Mental Strength: +9

Magic Power: +7

Skill: +8.5

Impression: +10

Luck: +9.5

Traits: ?

---

‘…This is the first time I’ve seen such crazy stats.’

It was astonishing that his favorability had risen from -9 to 0 in an instant, but that wasn’t the main issue. His overall stats were better than those of many professors whose status windows I had peeked at out of curiosity.

If I had to enter a novel, I should have become a character like him.

“What are you doing?”

Leo waved a hand in front of my blank gaze.

“Nothing.”

I shook my head to clear the slight sense of disillusionment.

After that, I spent time answering Leo’s trivial questions until the first class ended, and we left the infirmary together. There was no one around.

“Don’t acknowledge me from here.”

“What?”

Leo asked, looking perplexed.

“If you suddenly start being nice to me, people will think it’s weird. Come find me only when there are no students around.”

Leo rubbed his chin, then nodded.

“That makes sense. Alright, then. Don’t worry about the medicine; I’ll have my family get it for you.”

“Thanks.”

It ended more smoothly than I expected.

Given his obsession with magic, I thought he might be clingy, but this was nice.

Let’s keep it simple.

‘Now, I need to improve my skills.’

I had to make up for the ten-year gap starting now.

The problem was that self-studying magic is difficult, and without a personal training room at the school, I had to use the common one... but that was already solved. I had arranged to spar with Leo.

The school provided top students like Leo with private training rooms.

No need to sign in on a ledger or worry about others intruding.

Of course, the training room wasn’t the only reason I asked Leo to spar.

I judged it worthwhile to learn from Leo’s textbook-like movements.

In fact, a skill score of 8.5 was on par with the professors here.

In general, normal people ranged between -1 to 3 in all categories, while the students here usually ranged from 3 to 5.

‘I’m curious to see how much I can improve.’

Thus, a week had passed since I started training with Leo.

The results were good. My control improved quickly, to the point that it was hard to believe I hadn’t used magic properly in ten years.

“Good! At this level, you’re no longer a threat to civilians by accident.”

After finishing training on the seventh day, Leo wiped his sweat and smiled with satisfaction.

Right. The problem with my magic had always been its excessive power, making it hard to control.

Leo’s comment was chilling but true: it wasn’t a metaphor or an exaggeration.

While I knew how to suppress my magic during class, maintaining a moderate level of magic for extended periods was still challenging.

I didn’t want to see my magic harming anyone, so I had agreed to Leo’s relentless calls for training over the past week.

‘I was a bit taken aback at first… but I need this level of power to deal with my brother.’

The fact that this was considered basic was a testament to my satisfying talent.

“Oh, by the way, the medicine you asked for will be delayed. It’ll take about four more days. I’ll bring it then.”

“Thanks.”

“See you tomorrow.”

Leo waved and disappeared.

‘Things are going smoothly.’

The interest that had briefly surged at the start of the semester subsided as I stopped using magic altogether, and there was no contact from my brother.

I called up my status window.

---

[Lucas Rene Askanien]

Title: The Empire’s Biggest Fool

Health: -3.8 (+1.0)

Mental Strength**: -8.7 (+0.3)

Magic Power**: ?

Skill: +0.515 (+0.5)

Impression: -10

Luck: -7.485 (+1.5)

Traits: Dawn 777, Divine Power

Considering the amount increased after a week of training, it wasn't bad.

After staying at the training ground for a bit more practice, I took out a pendant from under my shirt.

It was a teleportation artifact I had bought with all the cash I had. Since it wasn't good to be seen entering and leaving the training ground, I connected it to go directly from the dormitory.

I even registered it under Leo's name to cover my tracks in case anything happened.

'It's good to be thorough with preparations.'

I blew magic power into the pendant.

When I opened my eyes, the familiar scenery of my dorm room unfolded before me.

Thunk—

"...!"

Something was off with the state of my core.

The core, usually connected tightly around the heart, was now floating and rattling for some reason.

'Could it be because of the medication?'

In the novel, Luca became weaker as he got older, so it made sense.

I had expected my core not to be in good condition, but I didn't expect to see results after just a week.

'I need to start considering this.'

I opened the calendar.

For now, even though I had obtained the herbs, the current Leo wasn't the future Leo, so he couldn't convert them into a core enhancer.

Therefore, I needed to adjust the mixing ratios and other conditions based on my knowledge from the novel.

Even if I drank the enhancer consistently, a body whose core had been suppressed for ten years wouldn't improve dramatically overnight.

I couldn't wait around leisurely, expecting my brother to notice at any moment. I needed to use auxiliary tools to create a more stable condition.

I gazed at the glowing red pendant, lost in thought.

'It might be good to get another auxiliary tool like this.'

Once I enhance my core, I should look for other items as well.

There are tools that allow one to use certain magic freely without needing knowledge of that magic.

These magical tools are supposed to be registered with the imperial family and have a maximum quantity limit per person. However, fortunately, this doesn't apply to underage students.

If my brother moves faster than expected, these tools will be useful, so I need to prepare them just in case.

I took a transaction statement from the school's bank out of the drawer.

"Hmm."

There were numbers in the available withdrawal amount column that were hard to count at a glance.

Even if Father considered me a discarded son, he still did what he could without much effort.

But…

Of course, I can't use this money.

If it was the money in my room's safe, that would be different, but I can't touch the money in the bank vault.

Luca, during his first year, spent less than a million won on food and tuition.

'Since he stayed in his room all the time, it's understandable.'

The useful tools start at least at five hundred, and if I want to find something satisfactory, I need to prepare at least a thousand.

Withdrawing that much money would immediately alert my brother, which is inevitable.

I thought about withdrawing a little each day, but for someone who hadn't spent even a hundred over a year, withdrawing a thousand in a short period would be suspicious.

So, there's only one option.

I'll earn it myself.

I spread the newspaper on the desk.

'It's not the time for the protagonist to be active yet, but at this point, stories about him should start to emerge.'

I flipped through the newspapers from last month to today's issue and stopped when I saw an article.

'Here it is.'

[Average of 6 cases per month → 15 cases... 150% increase in 'Beast Incidents' in administrative districts outside the capital]

An article about the recent increase in beast incidents.

In the original story, the protagonist hid his identity as a member of the imperial family and went around killing beasts.

Since beast incidents have surged this year, the Imperial Magic Law Enforcement Agency has started attaching bounties to beasts and granting extermination rights to individual mages.

At first glance, it seemed like a reasonable response, but...

It's not yet at the point where they need to outsource to the private sector.

Despite that, the reason the Enforcement Agency delegated the 'cleaner' role to individuals was that they couldn't afford to use their high-level personnel for such trivial tasks.

'That's why the protagonist steps up.'

Anyway, there are two points to note here.

'Bounties on beasts with individual mage extermination rights', 'Protagonist forged his identity'.

It's an optimal situation.

However, considering that most of the empire's citizens know my name, acting openly is foolish. It's practically suicide.

This brings us back to the fact that the agency is severely corrupt.

They offered decent money for each beast but set the budget for regional office operations ridiculously low.

After deducting facility maintenance costs, there's barely enough for activity allowances.

'The agency never intended to hire people properly.'

They foolishly thought that since it was a village issue, the residents would take care of it without spending money.

As expected, the process went as one might guess.

In the story, the protagonist passed with a forged ID in just 10 seconds. There was no process of keeping the ID or cross-checking names with the mage registration list.

I vividly remember this because it was so absurd.

When I was a reader, both the protagonist and I were dumbfounded by the agency's incompetence, but now...

'It's a favorable situation.'

*

"Yes, relying on tools' power is good. What's your budget?"

When I explained my plan upon arriving at the training ground, Leo nodded and stroked his chin.

Leo, seemingly planning to make a list himself, took out paper and a pen from his bag and sat on the training ground floor.

"I haven't fixed it yet. I'm thinking flexibly based on earnings."

"Flexibly... huh?"

"The money is all in the bank, so it's hard to withdraw. So, I have an idea."

"What's not there?"

"I didn't say it's not there. Anyway, in short, there's no cash.... How long do I have to say this?"

I laughed, looking at Leo.

Leo, equally puzzled, smiled soullessly.

'I understand, but I haven't explained it properly yet.'

I took out a thick stack of papers from my bag and spoke seriously.

"Listen until the end. Of course, I have a plan."

---------------------------

TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.

PREVIOUS | NEXT

Ch 10: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 10
