I widened my eyes and leaned in close.

“Would seeing me cry make you feel like you’ve won?”

“You bastard...”

“Then you’ll never win.”

My taunt made the guy’s eyes narrow.

His hand moved to his wand at his waist.

Boom—!

“Ugh!”

“Hey, wasn’t the plan to be quiet?”

I was thrown against a wall by his attack.

The surrounding students, not expecting magic to be used, shouted in panic.

“It’s fine, we’re far enough away that no one will hear.”

The guy spat on the ground and stood before me.

The pain in my shoulder was quickly followed by a headache.

I clutched my head and glared at him.

‘They don’t know when to stop.’

The fact that they’re worried about the noise spreading shows the others aren’t sane either.

Should I just use magic? With my divine power, I can silence them, so it shouldn’t be a big problem.

‘No.’

That’s a last resort.

I slowly got my bearings and stood up.

The guy, thinking he had me cornered with his previous attack, regained his initial composure and smiled.

“Look at those eyes. Don’t you know what happened on your side a few days ago? You should take after Leo and that blue-eyed hunter. No, take after me first, you bastard.”

I tilted my head, unable to believe my ears.

Unfortunately, he didn’t repeat himself.

‘Damn... what did I just hear...’

The surrounding students, oblivious to my reaction, laughed.

“This guy is just spouting nonsense.”

“Haha, if he takes after you, his eyes will rot.”

The guy chuckled at his friends’ comments and pushed them aside.

“I’m talking here. Hey, you should start acting like Leo and try to rehabilitate. We’ve all noticed.”

“Noticed what.”

“That you want to be like Leo or someone like that.”

‘Hmm?’

Publicly, there’s no connection between Leo and me. It’s a stupid conclusion based entirely on subjective judgment without a single solid basis.

"He probably didn't want me to outrank him."

If I, who have already surpassed them in terms of family status, got my act together and lived properly, there would certainly be a chance for a shift in rank, even if I couldn’t use magic.

In the end, all this happened to somehow prevent me from fitting into the 'normal' category.

"While you’re struggling to act normal, Leo was out there with other mages fighting demons. If you want to be normal, you should at least do that, right?"

"Hey, come to think of it, it doesn’t make sense that Leo and this guy attend the same school."

"Of course, this bastard can’t even use magic."

Laughter echoed in my ears.

I bowed my head and clenched my fists. My nails dug into my palms.

‘I hadn’t thought of this.’

I have no idea how to emulate myself. At this moment, I missed my long hair that I had cut off. I couldn’t control my expression, furrowing my brows as I sighed.

“…While I’m messing around with things that don’t suit me, he’s contributing to society, is that it?”

A student raised their eyebrows sympathetically at that and then burst into laughter.

“You got it. Know your place. We pity you. Of course, you want to be like Leo, but you can never match him. So, just….”

I waved my hand dismissively in annoyance.

“Yeah, you’re saying I should just live like before. Maybe you’re right. I might not have the same abilities as Leo.”

“It’s not that you might not; you just don’t.”

“Well, true. But….”

I smiled and nodded.

“But that doesn’t mean I’ll go back to the way I was. Especially after hearing this from you guys, I definitely can’t.”

“…Really?”

The student put on a threatening face and stepped closer.

“You don’t get it, do you?”

“Hey, calm down. This place echoes well, so don’t make too much noise.”

“Ah, forget it. I’m going to end this now.”

He had another student fetch the bag he had put down far away.

“If you want to change that much, we can’t help it. Live diligently. Instead… let us help you with one thing.”

“No, I don’t think your help will be necessary.”

At my words, a student standing behind sighed as he looked up at the sky.

“This bastard is seriously annoying to the end….”

“Enough. As you know, Lucas, your source of magic is blood, right?”

“You believe that?”

“You were using magic in the first week. Since then, you’ve just been standing around like an idiot again…. Do you know how much that pained us? Now you can’t use magic like other Pleroma because you don’t drink blood.”

“That’s a lot of meddling.”

“No, it’s not meddling; it’s concern as classmates.”

“I don’t need it. No matter what you do, I can’t use magic.”

I shook my head to finish the conversation appropriately.

At that moment, three students standing around him grabbed my arms. I lost my balance in an instant.

“…!”

“No need? That’s funny. How would you know if you haven’t even tried?”

In this unexpected situation, I bit my lip.

‘Should I knock them down with magic?’

Actually, there’s a way, so using magic wouldn’t be a big problem. Should I just use it and shut them up?

No. It’s better not to use magic unless absolutely necessary.

But….

‘It depends on what they do.’

If it’s just a moderate beating, I should wait. Anything more than that, I’m not sure.

Then, he pulled something out of his bag with a grin.

“What do you mean by not being able to use magic no matter what? We’ll make sure you can. We’re just helping you in our way. If all you can do is pathetic magic, that’s your destiny.”

He laughed as he spouted nonsense, holding a soft lump in his hand.

I frowned and examined the lump.

“What is this….”

The moment I identified it, I was speechless.

A creature, hard to tell if it was a rat or a rabbit, dangled lifelessly in his hand.

“You recognize it now.”

I looked at the creature with puzzlement.

Why? They didn’t bring this for me to observe an unidentified animal, right?

At that moment, an absurd hypothesis flashed through my mind. I shifted my gaze slowly from the rat to him.

The student met my gaze and, with a vile grin, thrust the limp rat in my face.

I could hear the snickers of those holding my limbs, but they soon faded from my consciousness.

“Eat it.”

“…….”

“We caught it for you kindly. There happened to be a rat running around the dormitory hallway.”

They’re insane. How can they think of making a person do this?

Judging by the looks of it, the creature wasn’t contaminated. It seemed they had just caught a perfectly healthy animal.

It looked clean but remained motionless. No matter how I looked at it, the rat didn’t intend to move.

“It’s not dead.”

He shrugged nonchalantly and lifted the corners of his mouth.

“You have to kill it. Like you did last year.”

“…Last year? That’s ridiculous. Have you forgotten that’s just a rumor you spread?”

“It’s true anyway. Change your eye color before you say that.”

The claim that absorbing someone else’s magic turns your magic color red is just Pleroma nonsense. I glared coldly at them.

The student now shoved the rat right in front of my nose.

“I’m really concerned about you. A person must know their limits. That way, they don’t have unnecessary expectations. Those who give up first and accept reality are the wisest, don’t you know that?”

“Stop it already.”

“Why should I?”

He quickly grabbed my jaw. His weight was added to the arms holding me.

“What, are you scared that we’ll find out you really can’t use magic? Don’t worry too much. Eating it alive might make a difference. Who knows? Maybe you’ll suddenly be good at magic.”

“That would be fun.”

“Mmmp…!”

‘Are they crazy?’

These bastards really intend to make me eat this. My heart began to race like crazy. In my struggle, a student pressed down on my legs. Meanwhile, the animal’s warmth touched the skin around my mouth.

“We’re helping you use magic? Let’s just verify that rumor first.”

A malicious smile hung at the corner of the student’s mouth.

At that moment, a red flash, like a spotlight, burst out.

Boom!

“Argh!”

“What the…?!”

The student clutched his dirt-smeared face and screamed. The sudden flash left an afterimage, making my vision unclear. The students holding my arms groaned as they rolled on the ground, hit by the magic.

I broke free and panted, trying to steady my shaky vision.

“…I don’t know who the real Pleroma scum are. Who's calling who….”

“What’s going on?!”

“So this is how you help me use magic? It’s certainly effective….”

I chuckled, grabbing a handful of stones and dirt rolling on the ground.

Then I grabbed the student holding the rat by the collar.

“Raise your head. You’d better open your mouth before I pry it open.”

“What, what….”

The student stammered, looking back and forth between my face and the dirt in my hand. He didn’t understand why I was holding dirt in this situation.

The student hastily glanced at his friends around. Following his gaze, I looked around, then pressed down on his jaw as if to crush it.

“Don’t hold back. We need to leave here as humans today.”

---------------------------

TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.

PREVIOUS | NEXT

Ch 15: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 15

I looked down at the terrified eyes and murmured.

"Isn't it perfect for us who are born from the dirt and return to the dirt? Let's try eating dirt and see if we can find some humanity."

"Ugh, ugh...!"

"It might even be good for the core. At least it's better than eating a rat. Right?"

The guy struggled and kicked at my clothes. At the same time, a flash of light burst in my peripheral vision.

Boom―!

I raised my arm to block the magic. The dirt I was holding scattered into the air.

A student, with a dazed expression, shouted while pointing his wand.

"You... you... could use magic?!"

"You saw wrong."

I simply replied, shrugging my shoulders. As he continued to say nonsensical things, he looked at me with his mouth agape, unable to comprehend.

"This...!"

While I was responding to another guy, the student who had grabbed my collar swung his wand.

Boom―!

I immediately cast a barrier to reflect the magic. After training with Leo, attacks driven by emotion didn’t even seem like real attacks. The student, perhaps hit by his own magic, clutched his eyes and collapsed to the ground.

"Aagh! Hey, someone do something about this bastard!"

"We're already on it!"

A student shouted back from somewhere.

I deflected the attacks and looked around, moving the animal that had fallen to the ground to a safe corner.

Considering how easy it was to block their attacks, it was clear that my divine power was effective.

At the same time, a student, continuously attacking Lucas, swallowed hard.

'It's not working at all.'

Sweat ran down the hand holding the wand.

I couldn't grasp what was happening. Despite three people attacking simultaneously, the barrier showed no signs of breaking. Even attacks that were out of the barrier's range were neutralized by Lucas with similar power, rendering them meaningless.

Boom―

A student was pushed back by Lucas's attack.

The fact that Lucas was using magic felt so unreal that I forgot about the pain.

'Of course, he can use magic.'

The level of magic taught to six-year-olds in class could be used by anyone born into a family with even one title. Even if 99% of people couldn't go beyond that, I assumed he was part of that group.

But...

'I didn't know he could use it this well.'

Askanien was one of the top families in the empire in terms of magic power, so it made sense.

But not him. That's why he got into this school through an unprecedented donation admission.

'Did he actually gain magic power by drinking blood...?'

Even when he couldn't use magic, Pleroma was just pitiful and creepy.

In some ways, I suspected he might be pretending to be Pleroma just to protect himself.

Being feared might be better than being ignored.

But this situation shattered all those assumptions.

A student, amidst the flashes of light coming from all directions, looked at Lucas's face.

Unlike his friends who were charging at him screaming, Lucas seemed displeased with the situation, narrowing his eyes and only flicking his wrist.

Fwoosh―

Lucas dispersed the fragments of the barrier that flew by his cheek into the air. Even though he was reinforcing the barrier, the continuous attacks from three people transmitted the shock clearly.

'Three people are a bit much, no matter how weak they are.'

It's time to wrap this up without dragging it out.

Lucas slashed his wand diagonally, pushing back two students, and then waved his wand horizontally at the remaining student.

"Huh?"

Before he could grasp the situation, the student's balance wavered. When he opened his eyes again, half his vision was filled with damp dirt, and his hand, which had been holding the wand, was caught in Lucas's binding magic.

"...!"

"You're giving in too easily. You should be able to deflect at least this much."

Lucas sneered at the student who had lost his balance and fallen to the ground. The student screamed.

"Hey, do the same to this bastard!"

"In this situation, removing the binding magic should be your priority...."

As the student, realizing his situation, tried to scream again, Lucas snickered and kicked him. Then he quickly turned around to block the incoming attack from behind.

'I understand why they're so obsessed with hierarchy.'

Because they have no substance.

The fact that I, who hadn't exercised in ten years and only learned magic for two weeks, was holding my ground meant these guys were hopeless. No matter the difference in magic power.

Lucas deflected the remaining two attacks and approached the students. The two students, trembling, shouted.

"Isn't this guy completely insane?! Huh?"

Without a word, Lucas kicked the shoulder of one of them, knocking him down and flipping him over. The nearby attacks were easily suppressed with just magic.

The student who had been flipped over turned his head and shouted urgently.

"Hey, hey! Be reasonable! This is too much...."

"Reasonable?"

"Aagh!"

Lucas twisted the guy's arm and pinned him down.

"When you were slamming me into the wall, and now you want to talk about being reasonable?"

"I... I didn't do it! He did it all!"

The student, seemingly aggrieved, gestured with his chin toward the student clutching his eyes in the distance.

'...Pathetic...'

Lucas, deeming it not worth responding to, slammed his magic into him and dealt with the remaining student.

Seeing how he got beaten up more for saying unnecessary things, this one remained silent.

Lucas finished dealing with the two students and stood up.

"Whew...."

He had immobilized all the students who could interfere. Lucas approached the student who had tried to force him to eat the rat earlier.

The student was gripping his wand tightly with one hand and pressing his eyes with the other.

"Hand over the wand."

"N-No... agh!"

Lucas stomped on his wrist and took the wand. The guy groaned, clutching his wrist and lying face down.

Lucas examined the wand and spoke.

"Nice wand."

"What...?"

"Well, if you have no skills, you need to spend money to stay here."

The student, stunned by the irony of a donation student saying that, stared blankly at Lucas, then snapped back to reality and shouted.

"Give it back, you bastard! I'll report you for theft!"

"That's what you're worried about?"

Lucas smiled and knelt beside him, one knee on the ground.

"Did you have fun?"

"What, what are you...?"

"Ah, forget it. Why am I even asking? Experience is faster than listening."

Lucas grabbed a handful of dirt again. Then, he grabbed the collar of the guy's shirt and pulled him forward.

"Eat it."

"......"

The students around them, who had fallen, watched the situation unfold, frozen in place. The student who was grabbed by the collar had the same blank look on his face.

When he didn't make a move, Lucas tightened his grip.

"I enjoyed using magic thanks to you guys. Shouldn't I at least give you a chance to repay me?"

"...How can I eat this?! Be reasonable."

"And eating a rat is reasonable?"

"......"

"It doesn't matter. Eating dirt is more realistic than eating a live rat."

Lucas glanced at the unidentified animal lying in the distance and then extended the dirt toward him.

"Do I have to make you do it?"

The guy, trembling, grabbed Lucas's arm.

"Hey, hey. Let's not do this...."

"Let's not do what?"

"Fine, we won’t bully you anymore... let’s just stop, okay?"

"No way."

Bang―!

Lucas mimicked the student's earlier response and slammed him to the ground.

"Huff, ugh..."

"I have a lot to say, but honestly, I don't know what good it would do now. Just know one thing."

Lucas grabbed the student's collar and lifted him again.

"If you don’t do as I say, I'll report everything that happened today. My magic will be considered self-defense, and the school will expel you because they'll fear my father finding out."

"......"

"Do I need to say more?"

"Hey, just close your eyes and do it! Fuck, we can report that bastard later!"

A student shouted from a distance.

Finally, the guy came to his senses and started thinking.

'...I hadn't even considered reporting him.'

I thought he'd just keep his head down and say nothing like last year. I didn't think he would change so much.

If he reports this, we could really be expelled. And if that happens, I won't be able to inherit a proper title.

A chill ran down my spine.

What did I come to this school for?

Expulsion was not an option.

'...Should I just deny everything since there's no evidence?'

No.

The student's eyes turned to the other students around him.

If even one of them turned against us, it would be over. They might spill everything just to avoid expulsion themselves.

'Or should I be the one to do that first?'

Another problem.

There's no guarantee that they would accept such a deal 100%, and if I try to negotiate first, I'd be digging my own grave.

Honestly... what he's asking is so unreasonable that this might go beyond self-defense.

We might have put it to his mouth, but he didn't swallow it, and we could say it was just a joke and get away with it.

'I might even be able to turn this around on him.'

As much as I hated to admit it, I couldn't see any other way out of this situation than just doing what he asked. He would definitely use magic.

Lucas observed the student's expression and tilted his head.

"You're thinking really hard. Why don't you just eat it yourself before I shove it in your mouth?"

Lucas's lips twisted into a sinister smile.

Seeing that ominous smile, the student reluctantly moved his head toward Lucas's hand.

The surrounding friends groaned and frowned.

"Oh, gross...."

"Ah, fuck, I could never do that...."

'You all told me to just do it!'

Even though I did everything, taking the fall for this was too much.

If I get through this moment, I'll deal with Lucas and give those bastards a beating too.

The student ground his teeth and stuck out his tongue.

Watching this, Lucas frowned and laughed.

"No way... you're actually going to eat it."

"...!"

"Spit it out. It's too disgusting to watch."

The student looked at Lucas with a bewildered expression, as if he didn't understand the situation. Lucas squinted his eyes as if he couldn't stand the thought.

"You didn't swallow it, did you? I didn't see your throat move."

"You... you said to eat it..."

"Of course I was joking. How could anyone eat that? I'd throw up everything I ate today... You're not normal either."

Lucas chuckled, then raised an eyebrow at the student's blank expression.

"Did it taste good? Since you tried it, tell me what it tasted like."

"You bastard...!"

The student swung his fist. The attack was easy to dodge because of his excitement, but Lucas just slightly furrowed his brows.

Smack―!

"Ugh...."

He should have thrown the punch earlier.

It's more effective than useless magic.

Lucas winced and rubbed his temple.

It felt like a cut on his skin, then it burned hotly before cooling down like an ice pack.

The pain felt like his skin was torn, but unfortunately, skin doesn't tear easily, so it was unlikely.

'It'll probably leave a bruise, though.'

Whether he hit it wrong or just too hard, his head was ringing.

'This is dangerous.'

Still, it wasn't a complete miss. If it was, his bone would have been broken by now.

Lucas squeezed his eyes shut against the spinning vision, and the guy grabbed his collar and pulled his arm back tightly.

At that moment, a student shouted urgently.

"Hey! Don't hit him!"

The student's hand froze at the shout.

Finally, Lucas's expression started to come into focus.

"Why stop? Go on. Beat me until your anger is gone."

Lucas laughed and glared.

The fact that he was telling them to hit him reminded him of what Leo had said the day he first used magic properly, making him laugh continuously.

The student let go of his collar and stepped back hesitantly.

'Why is he laughing?'

The urgent shout of his friend replayed in his mind.

There must be a reason.

Who in their right mind laughs while being beaten? When they slammed him into the wall earlier, he had no smile on his face, but now he was....

'...Could it be.'

A sudden realization made the student's face go pale.

A student in the back mustered all his strength and shouted again.

"That bastard is pretending to be a victim by getting hit right now!"

"It's not pretending, it's real."

Lucas said, rubbing his still throbbing head.

"I wasn't joking about not reporting you. If it comes to this, I have no choice but to report you."

"No, Lucas, I..."

The guy stammered and waved his hands in a panic. Lucas smiled and shook his head.

"I know. You misunderstood. You just couldn't control your temper and threw a punch first. Right?"

"...Wait, yes. Really, it was a mistake. You know that!"

"I know well."

Hope flashed across the student's face.

"Then...!"

"Thanks for making that mistake. It's good to have visible evidence."

The student's face twisted in despair.

Lucas smiled pleasantly and patted his shoulder.

Ch 16: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 16

What a sight.

Such an amusing expression is something you can't buy, even with money.

I enjoyed the look on his face for a moment and then glanced at my watch.

It was 3:30 AM when I was called here, and now it was almost 5 AM.

'Time to wrap this up.'

After confirming that no one else was around, I unhesitatingly pulled out my wand and aimed it at his forehead.

Then, I began chanting the spell I had memorized so thoroughly it made me nauseous.

"Enter through the narrow gate."

It was my first time casting this spell, but thanks to the perfectly established divine power, the effect was certain.

The student in front of me, who had been staring blankly, suddenly looked around in confusion before losing consciousness and collapsing forward.

Thud―!

"...!"

"What, what are you doing…!"

The students lying far away shouted. Instead of answering, I cast the same spell and put them to sleep.

This magic works on the mana constituting the brain, damaging perception and memory for a certain time before the activation point.

The deleted target is the magic.

Any memories that could identify it as magic—light, red color, the action of extending the arm, the wand—are all erased.

Of course, other memories might be deleted too. If my magic was classified as a shocking event, all 'shocking' memories from before might be erased.

'I hope I didn't make these idiots even dumber.'

I clicked my tongue as I looked down at them.

I didn't erase their emotions either.

Since I had to live with them in the same space, their emotions needed to remain vivid.

'Expelling them would be fine, but...'

If news of a violence incident involving Lucas 'Ascanien' reached home, the family would inevitably have to intervene. It would become a public issue.

So, anything that could be handled within my reach should be dealt with by me.

"Ugh...."

Manipulating the minds of three people at once started to give me a headache.

'Do I need to increase my mental strength or my physical strength....'

In any case, it would be best to raise all stats as quickly as possible.

'Let's see how they can be used.'

I decided to evaluate how to utilize them.

I called up my status window.

Lucas Rene Ascanien

Title: ???'s Hunter

Health: -3.4 (+0.1) [-0.4]

Mental Strength: -7.7 (+0.5)

Mana: ?

Skill: +1.015 [+4.015]

Impression: -10

Luck: -6.485 (+0.5)

Trait: Dawn 777, Divine Power

I raised my eyebrows and nodded.

Just from what happened this morning, my mental strength increased by 0.5 points.

'Not bad.'

I wondered if anyone else would pick a fight.

I checked my skill points again.

The midterms were in a month.

But given that I needed to quickly improve my magic skills, the midterms were a hindrance. They included not just magic but many liberal arts subjects.

'But I can't give up the advantages of good grades.'

There's no easier way for a student to raise their image. Higher grades would increase the credibility of my words.

Very conveniently, my brother also suggested I should at least raise my grades to average.

So....

'This could be useful.'

I smiled as I looked down at them.

"Impressive magic."

A voice came from somewhere.

I reflexively looked up.

Someone was looking down at me from the top of the building.

I didn't mean for someone to pick a fight so quickly.

There was definitely no one there before, but suddenly, someone appeared like a rat. It wouldn’t be a big problem if one or two people knew since I planned to pretend not to use magic for the next two or three months... but maybe I should deal with this.

As I reached for my wand, someone urgently shouted, waving a hand.

"Wait! I'll come down."

He gripped the rooftop railing and infused his legs with mana, jumping down to the ground.

"Sorry. I should've introduced myself first. I'm Narce Farnese. I came from the Papal States and will be attending this school as an exchange student starting next week."

An exchange student, huh.

That wasn’t in the novel.

Maybe it happened but was excluded because it wasn't important to the plot, or the storyline was already changing. It could be either.

For now, the former seemed more likely.

But the latter couldn’t be completely ruled out.

So, it was best to gather information through conversation rather than erasing his memory right away.

I stared at the exchange student, who didn't seem to be planning to leave, waiting for him to speak.

"You're Lucas, right? Nice to meet you. I've heard a lot about you from the Papal States."

"Yeah, nice to meet you too."

I examined his face and called up the favorability window.

Narce Farnese

Favorability +7

'Favorability is positive?'

I couldn't believe my eyes and checked the favorability window again. The number was the same.

It was an unusual score.

He had heard a lot about me from the Papal States, yet this was the score?

'What did he hear....'

As I silently stared at his face, he seemed embarrassed and began to speak.

"I was already very angry, but you took care of everything, so I feel relieved. Thank you. The animal they had was my pet."

"Really."

I handed the animal I was holding to him.

"Yeah. I was really scared when it disappeared since I had no one else to rely on."

He checked the animal’s heartbeat and sighed in relief. Then he pulled out his wand.

"I’m still upset... but I can't report this to the school."

"Why?"

"Because then they'd know you used magic to defend yourself. So, I thought of taking care of this in another way."

He smiled and lightly flicked his wand, casting a spell on the fallen students again.

'Hmm....'

Look at this.

'We can't let them know you used magic to defend yourself'?

I smiled faintly and watched him closely.

Sure, I should’ve known from the moment his favorability was positive.

There was plenty of reason to be cautious.

Let's find out what kind of person he is.

'Status window.'

Ding―!

But, at that moment, it wasn't the status window that appeared.

I frowned and began to read the text.

〈 Chapter 3. Constant Dripping Wears Away a Stone (1) 〉

Option 1: Make the optimal choice. (0/1)

* Route 1 ― 〈 Option 2 〉

* Route 2 ― 〈 Chapter 4. Slow and Steady Wins the Race 〉

‘The optimal choice.’

It appeared again.

If I were to make the optimal choice now….

It must mean deciding my attitude toward that guy.

Whether to make him an ally or minimize contact and maintain vigilance.

However, unlike before, neither choice leads to a death route. It means that whichever I choose, it won't be a significant problem.

I looked into his eyes and summoned the status window.

‘Status window.’

Narce Farnese

Favorability: +7

Title: ?

Health: +8

Mental Strength: +9

Magic: +10

Skill: +7

Impression: ?

Luck: +4

Traits: Divine Power, Foresight (Lv.1), Insight (Lv.2)

‘...Huh.’

I felt a similar emotion as when I saw Leo's status window.

Is it possible to have these stats at his age?

I quickly skimmed the stats and examined the traits.

‘Insight as a trait.’

Insight Lv.2

― 3.0 points to next level

*Divine blessing applied

So, he figured out that I shouldn't use magic with this.

A useful ability.

No, it’s hard to call it just useful.

If conditions allowed, it's an ability I would want to have.

And with foresight….

Foresight Lv.1

― 2.0 points to next level

Divine blessing applied

I twisted my lips into a smirk.

The optimal choice, huh….

Of course, I should make him an ally.

Just because he's an ally doesn't mean I shouldn't be wary.

The ones you need to watch the most should always be kept in the most visible spot.

Ding―!

Congratulations!

‘Proposal 1: Make the optimal choice.’ Completed!

‘Route 1 — < Proposal 2 >’ is confirmed.

I immediately summoned the Dawn Spear.

Dawn777

― 757 days, 5 hours, 1 minute, and 35 seconds until final outcome ‘Chapter X. Death’

― Possibility of change: 6.4% (+1.0%p)

With this decision, the survival probability increased by 1%p.

It was 5.3 the last time I checked… looks like it already increased by 0.1 percentage points before.

Anyway, this decision isn’t disadvantageous to me.

Let's see how he moves from the most visible spot from now on.

“This should do.”

The guy stood up and put the wand back on his waist.

“What were you doing?”

“Just something similar to the divine power you used. It won’t be noticeable.”

He showed a refreshing smile.

So, he did a mental manipulation too.

Yeah, it wouldn't be noticeable. I followed his cheerful smile with a casual one of my own. Then he looked at the students and asked.

“I mean, I'm fine with ending it like this, but… you look like you got hit a bit. Are you planning to just let it slide?”

“No.”

I mumbled as I looked at the peacefully sleeping faces of the students.

“No way.”

It’s a chance that rolled in; I have to use it well.

*

“Ah….”

The pleasant sound of birds mixed harmoniously with the distant conversation of students. Warm light gently settled on the skin, and a cool breeze softly brushed the entire body.

A student briefly opened his eyes and then closed them again, reluctant to wake up from such a comfortable sleep.

‘Hmm… hmm?’

Breeze? Brushing the entire body?

The student’s eyes snapped open.

“…!”

He was lying in the clearing where Lucas was summoned.

The student jumped up and kicked his friends awake.

“Hey! Wake up!”

“Argh!”

“Ugh….”

“What happened earlier?!”

They had summoned Lucas to mess with him, but now they were peacefully sleeping. No matter how much they tried to recall, their minds were blank.

Fortunately, a few fragmented scenes floated back to them.

‘…I think I ate dirt.’

It couldn't be, right?

The student gagged with a dying expression.

He thought he had just imagined it, but the salty taste inside his lips made him feel even worse.

‘…It couldn’t be. Really.’

And then… he remembered Lucas grabbing his collar.

And his friends lying on the ground.

As he tried to recall more, he felt his mind going blank.

But, regardless of everything, the conclusion was clear.

Piecing together the faint memories, it was….

‘Did we get beaten up…?’

An overwhelming sense of rejection and fear washed over him whenever he thought of Lucas.

For some reason, he felt he shouldn't get involved with him anymore. No, he didn’t want to. He didn’t know why, but he wished he could go back to before they summoned him.

He even made a desperate vow to somehow shut Lucas up.

It was clear… they had been overpowered by Lucas without even a chance to retaliate.

One of the friends, staring blankly into space, muttered in a lifeless voice.

“…We lost to a guy who can’t even use magic?”

“…….”

The atmosphere grew heavy.

“That can’t… that can’t be right. How could one regular guy defeat three mages? What happened? Hey, you’re smart. Try to remember what happened.”

“Smart? Don’t you know I ranked 36th in the class last year?”

“You’re better than us. I don’t remember anything!”

While they argued, another student waved his hand.

“Shut up. This isn’t about grades. We summoned Lucas. You pushed him against the wall and tried to feed him that rat. After that….”

“…….”

“When we woke up, we were all lying on the ground. Judging by the footprint on the back of his uniform, it looks like Lucas stepped on him….”

The students’ faces grew darker.

“None of us remember him using magic. Right?”

“If he had, we’d remember. Especially since it’s Lucas.”

“Right? And… we probably fainted after that. No memory.”

Silence followed.

A student, sitting on the floor, spoke up.

“Was our magic that pathetic? Could a regular person break through it?”

None of them could bring themselves to say no. Everyone here had barely managed to get into the school, so they had no words to defend their skills.

Then, one student, shaking his head firmly, spoke up.

“Get a grip. We didn’t hit him, remember? We were just trying to scare him, not beat him up.”

At that, the students exchanged glances. Another student pressed him.

“Explain clearly.”

“What did we do? We wrote the note vaguely, and we didn’t actually feed him anything. Besides the one first-year, no one knows we called him out. And that first-year left before we did anything.”

He continued, looking around at his friends who were listening intently.

“In short, even if Lucas reports us, there’s no evidence to get us in trouble. No need to worry.”

“…Right. That makes sense. Then what if we report Lucas first? We might be able to turn the tables.”

“No, the risk is high. We don’t have any evidence except the footprint on his back. And we also stepped on his jacket, so we’re not entirely innocent. Keeping quiet is the best option.”

Moreover, reporting wouldn’t necessarily put us at a disadvantage.

Considering he knocked us all out and left alone, he can’t be entirely confident either.

It’s a risky card to play first, but it’s useful if he tries to mess with us.

We lost to a guy who can’t even use magic, so our pride is shattered. But is pride important right now?

As long as we avoid expulsion.

Just avoid expulsion.

The student forced a smile.

*

‘X… X, we’re screwed.’

They might not even avoid expulsion.

The student rolled his eyes in shock at the sight before him.

“What the hell?”

Leo, sitting across the classroom, muttered in disbelief. Though he didn’t say it aloud, other students had similar reactions.

“Hey, I thought you didn’t hit him…!”

The friend next to him whispered urgently.

“We left him there, and he just got up and came back fine.”

Lucas, with his hands in his pockets, smirked as he walked past.

The student felt his vision blur as he desperately avoided Lucas’s gaze.

Lucas’s face was bruised. Though covered with medical tape, it was clear that a punch had landed.

Thinking back to yesterday when he was perfectly fine, why did he now look like he’d been beaten up?

It was obvious who did it.

Cold sweat ran down his back. The clear evidence of school violence made his mind spin.

‘Did we… hit him that obviously? Are you kidding me…?’

“Hey.”

Lucas, who had left his bag on the desk, came back and grabbed his shoulder.

His vision shook wildly. The student slowly turned his head.

Lucas, looking down at him, smiled inexplicably when their eyes met.

Ch 17: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 17

Creak―

Ten minutes before the first class, I entered the classroom at a time when most students had already arrived.

"...What the hell?"

Leo, who was sitting in the classroom, looked at my face and asked incredulously.

Then, realizing belatedly that we had agreed not to acknowledge each other, he turned his head and began to curse at me with his expression.

Ignoring his face that seemed to ask what had happened, I looked elsewhere.

I made eye contact with those students from yesterday.

I smirked and gestured towards them.

"Left you behind, but you got here on your own just fine."

"......."

"Hey."

The students stared straight ahead, but when I approached and tapped one of them on the shoulder, he trembled and looked at me.

"Do I have to make you come here myself?"

"N-No... I, why..."

The guy's eyes trembled madly as he looked at me.

They probably remembered calling me out to bully me, but they wouldn't recall hitting me this visibly.

Something had obviously happened, but all that lingered in their minds was a vague sense of fear.

I smiled and grabbed his shoulder.

"Grab your bags and come over here."

"Huh?"

"Sit next to me. All four of you."

The guy, with a frozen expression, slowly stood up.

Then, with a face that couldn't understand why he had to follow my orders, he asked,

"Why should I sit next to you..."

I returned to my seat and silently tapped the desk.

They exchanged glances and sat beside me with confused expressions.

I casually asked,

"What class is this?"

"...Basic Biology... I think."

"Great, open your notebooks."

The guys, looking bewildered, hesitated before pulling out their notebooks. Just then, the professor entered the room.

"Good morning, everyone."

While the professor was checking the attendance list, I spoke to the students next to me.

"What's your rank?"

"36th... and these guys are in the 40s... why do you ask?"

I chuckled at that.

"Out of 50 students, you're in the 40s? Can't expect you to grasp the key points."

"But, weren't you 48th as well?"

Luca was. He even missed the exam day. Always in last place, he barely avoided it in the final exam.

I didn't bother to answer and pointed at the notebooks.

"Write down every single word the professor says from now on. Don't try to summarize, write everything from start to finish."

"What?"

"I said, write everything."

Everything? The student frowned, looking puzzled.

"But why should we listen to you..."

"Don't want to?"

When I looked at him with a smile, he averted his eyes and hesitated.

"No, writing everything down is a bit..."

"Then don't. It's your choice. No one forces you to study."

Don't do it? That easily?

Really don't have to? The student's face showed more confusion.

At that moment, the professor, looking around the students, noticed my face and tilted his head.

"Lucas, what happened to your face?"

"Oh, I... early this morning..."

I stood up and opened my mouth.

Bang―

The sound of the desk reverberated through the quiet classroom.

The student next to me, pale, grabbed my hand tightly and whispered urgently in a small voice.

"I-I'll do it...! I'll do everything!"

"...Hmm."

"Early this morning?"

The professor alternated his gaze between me and the student next to me.

In the distance, Leo let out a deep sigh, as if realizing what had happened.

The other students in the classroom had similar expressions.

Looking down at the student clutching my hand, I smiled.

"...It's nothing. Just a little argument with friends."

"If it's a violence issue, we need to hold a disciplinary committee."

"No, it's not that serious. We've resolved it amicably."

The professor, not wanting to escalate the matter, thought for a moment and then nodded.

"Hmm... If you need help, tell any of the professors. It's okay to do so later as well."

"Yes, I will. Thank you."

I smiled and sat down.

Then I took out a thin book with a cover from my bag. It was a book I borrowed from the library to study special magic using divine power.

I opened the book and slipped it under my textbook, gesturing to the students next to me.

"What are you doing? Start writing."

"......"

The students stared blankly at my book, then hastily started writing as the professor began to speak.

*

"Alright, see you next week. Make sure to review."

The professor packed up his materials and left.

The students next to me jumped up from their seats, gasping for breath.

"Huff... It's over."

"Lucas! We wrote everything down!"

Their tearful cries reached me.

I quickly glanced over their notes.

Of course, there were blank spots, but since several of them were writing, they covered each other's gaps.

I handed the notebooks back to them.

"Good job."

"...Aren't you taking them?"

"Seriously... Do you only study in the first period? Does school end after just one class?"

Their faces darkened at my words. I patted their shoulders with a smile.

"Hang in there until six."

After regular classes ended, I collected all the notebooks. The students handed them over with weary faces, rubbing their sore arms.

"Look at this messy handwriting. Can't you write properly?"

One student, hesitating at my scolding, finally spoke up.

"...But, are you going to report us..."

"No."

When I shook my head, the students' faces brightened. Watching them, I continued.

"If you keep this up, you know. From what I understand, a report on a violence incident can be filed anytime before graduation. Right?"

"What? No... then..."

I smiled at the students who couldn't finish their sentences.

I had already gone to the hospital and obtained a medical report.

This time, I slowly read through the notes and nodded.

Sitting through a high school class I already knew was extremely tedious.

With lecture notes, I could finish in 30 minutes what I had to sit through for an hour.

Moreover, the curriculum wasn’t the same as reality, so I couldn’t entirely ignore the classes, which was a bit of a dilemma...

'This works well.'

I closed the notebook filled with lecture content and smiled.

"Alright, I'll borrow these."

*

Not long after Lucas left his seat, a student sighed and rubbed his face with both hands.

"He's a thug, that bastard..."

"A thug who steals notebooks?..."

"Whatever, it's still extortion! Isn't the notebook my property?!"

When a student shouted angrily, another shook his head.

"Calm down. He clearly said he was borrowing them. Let's see if he returns them."

"If he doesn’t return them, we should report him immediately."

"He will return them. If he wants us to take notes tomorrow, he'll have to."

"......"

There was a sudden silence among them.

It was a depressing thought.

*

I dropped by my room to stack the borrowed notebooks on my desk and headed to the training ground.

"What happened yesterday?"

As I lifted my head, I made eye contact with Leo, who was sitting on a bench in the training ground.

Yeah, I figured he'd ask. It would have been stranger if he didn’t.

After a moment's thought, I gave a short answer.

"I got hit a bit."

Of course, he was probably asking how the whole incident unfolded...

There was no need to explain how they mentioned Leo or how I made them eat dirt.

Better not to provide any room for mistakes by explaining anything.

'If I say something unnecessary, it won't even make it halfway.'

Especially not the dirt part.

I kept my mouth shut, remembering Leo's proper conduct.

Leo looked at me incredulously, then shook his head.

"Alright, fine... That's not important. Did you get checked out?"

"Yeah. Just bruises."

"That's a relief."

Leo nodded, then suddenly asked a strange question.

"So, did you win?"

"What?"

I couldn't help but laugh at the absurd question.

In the novel, I remembered Leo stopping the protagonist from getting into fights, not asking about the outcome.

'He already assumes I used magic.'

Leo wouldn’t be asking about winning or losing a fight unless he thought I used magic. I replied lightly.

"Do you think they'd listen to a loser?"

Leo burst out laughing at that answer.

"Ah, that makes me feel better. Yeah, who taught you? There's no way you’d lose to those guys."

"It's amazing you just assume I used magic."

"Those guys don't know any limits. The only way to get out of that situation was by using magic."

I nodded.

Trying to make me eat a live animal was definitely crossing the line. If I hadn’t used magic, I might have actually ended up with it in my mouth.

"How are the students reacting?"

"They think you got beaten up. And they're guessing those guys accidentally hit your face and got caught."

That's a very reasonable reaction.

It’s hard to believe that someone who can’t use magic could beat several mages.

In the end, this means my use of magic hasn’t spread.

I only got a reward of divine power and self-taught a mind-control spell using it...

'For self-study, the effects are solid.'

The special magic using divine power is worth continuous investment in the future.

Of course, I should focus on more fundamental things first.

I need to raise my Health stat quickly.

If using divine power is hindered, it means Mental Power is also hindered.

It's the fourth week of September, and after next week, it'll be October. It’s already been a month since the new semester started.

So... It's time to speed up the improvement of my status window.

Three hours into training, Leo put his wand in his waistband and checked his watch.

"It's ten o'clock. Let's head in."

I nodded, wiping off sweat.

Unlike me, Leo, with no sign of exhaustion, smiled and said,

"Today’s training was more intense, but you did well."

"Yeah, you too."

This is why I need to quickly raise my Health stat. Whenever I try to improve, my health becomes an obstacle.

'Let's see how much it improves with one day of training.'

I summoned my status window.

Lucas Rene Askanian

Title: Hunter of ???

Health: -3.3 (+0.1) [-0.3]

Mental Power: -7.6 (+0.1)

Magic Power: ?

Skill: +1.065 (+0.05) [+4.065]

Impression: -10

Luck: -6.385 (+0.1)

Traits: Dawn 777, Divine Power

0.1 per day, 1 point every ten days.

Last week, it was 1 point per week.

The higher the value, the smaller the increase.

Still, if I estimate generously, I can escape the negative within two months, so it's not a problem yet.

The problem is after that.

I glanced at the Skill category.

The only positive score, Skill, is rising more slowly than the other categories. It looks like once it goes positive, the speed will be incomparable to now.

'Since the tasks will take longer as time goes on, it's best to get through the negative phase as quickly as possible.'

There’s a limit to time, but there’s so much to do.

Maybe I should cut back on sleep.

While thinking about this and packing my bag, Leo called out with excitement.

"Ah, Lucas."

"What?"

"The herbs you mentioned have arrived. Today’s the fourth day, as you said."

Leo held up a box that had been under his bag.

Hmm, if I have to make that throughout the exam period, I’ll really need to cut back on sleep.

As I thought about that, I heard a familiar notification sound.

Ding―!

Chapter 3. Constant Dripping Wears Away the Stone (1)

Quest 2: Achieve 'Health' Score 0 (0/1) (167 hours 59 minutes 58 seconds)

Route 1 — Chapter 3 Special Reward

Route 2 — Chapter 4. One Swallow Does Not Make a Summer

"......"

"Lucas?"

You want me to raise 3.3 points in a week when it's currently going up by 1 point every ten days?

Yeah, I figured this kind of quest would come up.

With a title like that, I was wondering why it was so quiet.

I scoffed at the unrealistic time limit.

Ch 18: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family

Chapter 18

Back in the dormitory, I quickly racked my brain.

First, failing doesn't mean death.

It means this proposal is one that’s okay to fail.

But considering the unlucky title of Route 2, it’s likely similar to the failure route of the proposal in Chapter 1, “Even a Blind Hen Sometimes Finds Grain,” so there's no need to go down a negative path.

"And it would be a shame to miss the reward."

I summoned the proposal window again.

It says to bring my Health stat to 0 within a week.

Since they’ve dangled the reward so openly, it’s clear they mean a pure 0 score, not one boosted by potions or artifacts.

'How should I go about this?'

If I throw all my time into training blindly, it’s likely to just waste time.

I need to think and act strategically.

‘The timing of this proposal is odd.’

The proposal appeared right after Leo showed me the herbs.

So, the success of this proposal likely hinges on whether I can successfully turn poison into a booster.

Just as the Skill category encompasses many activities like studying, reading, and training, Health is the same.

If I could manipulate the stats through rewards, I wouldn’t know, but the status window’s categories simply ‘represent’ my condition, not determine it.

Strengthening my core to achieve a 0 Health score doesn’t mean my physical strength also goes from negative to 0.

'But, a more efficient core means a stronger foundation for longer workouts.'

That’s why I need the potion.

Even if I train at the current intensity every day, it would be challenging to achieve 0 within a week, let alone before midterms.

However, if I strengthen my core while training, it’s a different story. The maximum time I can train increases.

Thus, making the potion is just the start; my effort is also required to succeed in this proposal.

In that case, should I go hunting once more to get an elixir or place an order?

No.

I quickly shook my head.

If we assume that converting the effects of the poison into a positive booster works, it would take several days of hunting, unless I encounter another werewolf, to get an elixir of the same efficacy.

Whether I spend time hunting for an elixir or making a booster, the outcome is the same...

'It's better to try something that offers more long-term benefits now.'

The next morning, after visiting my homeroom professor’s office, I arrived at the classroom.

“I read your notes well, guys.”

I smiled as I handed back the notebooks. The students looked down at them with pale faces.

“......”

“You don’t have to return them...”

“Yeah, Lucas. You can borrow them longer. We know you’re not extorting the notes.”

“What are you talking about? Midterms are only a month away, you need to study too. Be ready to take notes.”

I gestured towards the notebooks and then packed my bag and stood up.

“Class will start soon. Work hard.”

“Huh?”

The students’ eyes were filled with questions.

Who leaves the classroom while saying class is about to start? One student cautiously voiced his doubt.

“Where are you going...?”

“I think I caught a cold after yesterday morning. I got permission from the professors, so don’t worry.”

“What? Then who’s taking notes?”

I shook my head and smiled at the student's question.

“Why would I come here on a day I’m skipping class?”

“......”

“Do well today. See you at six.”

I patted the students' shoulders and left the classroom with a smile.

*

There was no cold or anything like that.

As soon as I arrived at my room, I quickly laid out my experiment tools.

As I unpacked everything on the desk, I paused when I came across a small animal.

‘...?’

What’s this?

The animal that the exchange student mentioned keeping was curled up here, sleeping.

‘I heard it was left at the administration office.’

Narce and the other exchange students for this semester left their luggage at school and departed for the imperial palace today. They said they left the animal’s cage at the administration office since they couldn’t take it to the palace.

I grabbed the animal and headed to the first-floor dormitory administration office. Sure enough, the animal’s cage was there.

After returning the animal, I quickly dumped my brother’s medicine box on the desk and counted the vials.

The medicine my brother gave me was for a year, calculated generously as 60 vials for 5 weeks a month.

For now, I should use it conservatively, since I don’t know what might happen.

I’ll limit myself to 30 vials and keep the remaining 30 for unforeseen circumstances.

‘Using about 10 vials for the experiment should be enough.’

I opened one vial and diluted the poison.

‘The problem is how to verify the efficacy.’

I thought about capturing a beast, but… it didn’t seem fair to put them through that.

With no better option, I had to test it on myself.

Today’s experiment focused on temperature and ingredient ratio.

I might fail at this stage, but I’ll start with these two variables.

There are many possibilities, but I have no choice but to confront them directly.

Leo is not his future self, so there’s nothing specific I can gain from asking for his help.

He might be more skilled than I am, given his upbringing, but I can’t drag him out of class.

With that, I began the experiment.

*

Knock knock—

“Lucas, we brought the notebooks.”

After six in the evening, I heard the students’ voices outside.

These guys are doing something they don’t normally do.

I didn’t expect them to come on their own, but it seems they understood my words well yesterday.

“Lucas?”

“Leave them in front.”

I shouted in the loudest voice I could muster and got up from the sofa.

Then, realizing I had overestimated my strength, I lay back down.

'Damn it...'

The cold was self-inflicted.

Even with just a few drops per attempt, the effect was clear.

No, it wasn’t an effect but rather a detrimental impact. Drinking poison after a long time left me unable to muster any strength.

Checking the status window, my Health stat had dropped by 1 point. It would return in a week, but still.
