Ch 1: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family
Chapter 1
“That's pitiful.”
That was my impression after reading a chapter of the book.
It was inevitable.
A genius destined to make a name for himself in the world lives as a complete wreck because of his brother's jealousy, only to be killed by him in the end.
Thankfully, what I read was just a side character's story. Otherwise, I would have closed the book out of sheer frustration.
‘At least it was revealed that the brother ruined the younger sibling’s life.’
Even after his death, the side character was falsely accused of all sorts of things and cursed by the entire nation.
His family didn't shed a single tear over his death, which says it all.
Anyway, the villain lost his honor and wealth and died at the hands of the protagonist, so the ending was somewhat satisfying.
‘Still, this was too much.’
Of all the people to kill, why his own brother? Just for some success?
‘No, it’s not even real anyway.’
I tried to stop thinking about it, but I found myself clicking my tongue again.
Maybe it was because I was so emotionally drained that I felt a wave of fatigue wash over me.
The thrill of revenge was as intense as the hardships I’d endured, but the exhaustion was unavoidable.
I closed the book, turned on my phone, and set an alarm.
‘Just 10 minutes of sleep.’
After a nap, I should be able to shake off these overwhelming emotions.
It would be better to read the next chapter with a clear mind.
Thinking that, I flopped onto my bed.
*
‘Ah... this is crazy.’
When I woke up, the world had already turned completely dark.
What 10 minutes? It felt more like 10 hours.
It couldn’t be this dark if I had napped at midday. My body felt heavy from sleeping too long.
‘…But….’
Why can’t I see anything?
Even though my eyes were open, I couldn’t distinguish anything around me.
I groped around hastily. All I could feel was the rough stone floor.
‘Stone?’
I was sleeping in my bed, so why was I on a stone floor?
As I entertained the ridiculous thought that my bed had turned into a stone bed overnight, I quickly realized the seriousness of the situation and hardened my expression.
I tried to shout, but no sound came out. It was more of a deflating hiss. I squeezed my throat to force out some sound.
“Ah, ah.”
Thankfully, it was enough for someone to understand.
I couldn’t scream, but if someone came close, I could ask for help.
‘Let’s try to move.’
I slowly raised myself.
Although I couldn’t see anything, I could feel that my sense of balance was off.
Being more cautious than before, I placed my hands on the ground and gathered my strength in my legs.
Clang—
“…?”
It was the sound of metal clashing.
As if the situation wasn’t frightening enough, now my leg movement was causing such a noise.
Moving my leg again, I realized something was wrapped around my ankle.
‘…This is insane….’
No matter how I thought about it, this was the worst-case scenario I could imagine.
Once I roughly understood the situation, the fear I had been trying to ignore suddenly surged up. Before I could hyperventilate, I covered my nose to calm my breathing.
“Phew.”
Stay calm.
There’s no one around.
Even if I’m bound, I have time to assess the situation.
I reached out to feel my legs. I touched something metallic.
Fortunately, there were no wounds from forcibly removing it. There was enough space for blood to circulate.
If I could just break this, I’d be able to run.
‘No phone.’
As if they’d leave a phone in this situation.
Not expecting much, I wasn’t disappointed. I tried to maintain my composure and groped around.
At that moment, I heard voices from a distance.
My heart started pounding. Before I could mentally prepare, a line of light formed in the pitch-black space and quickly became a surface.
My eyes stung from the sudden light after being in the darkness for so long.
“Have you been well?”
A gentle voice wrapped around my ears.
Someone walked in, silhouetted against the bright light.
I hurriedly opened my mouth.
“Bro... brother.”
‘Huh?’
Did I have someone I would call brother?
No, that wasn’t what I meant to say. I was trying to ask where I was, not speak some nonsensical words.
But as if mocking my confusion, my mouth continued to speak in a trembling voice.
“I-I’m sorry…. I was wrong. I won’t do it again….”
“What? No, what are you talking about, Luca?”
“I won’t do it again, brother. I was wrong. I’ll do it right from now on. Really. Please spare me….”
“Luca.”
At the reprimand, my mouth, which had been babbling frantically, stopped. The person, frowning deeply, glared at me.
Whether a stranger glared or not, it was a relief to me.
The more I spoke, the more fear and dread filled my mind, preventing me from figuring out the situation.
With my consciousness gradually clearing, I reflected on what the person had said.
‘Just now… did they call me Luca?’
Of course, I’m not that person.
Coincidentally, there was a character named Luca in the book I read before sleeping… but it shouldn’t be related.
Maybe they mistook me for someone else, or it’s a kidnapping scene where I have a codename I don’t know about, or both.
Anyway, there’s a reason they tied me up all night, so they won’t kill me right away. I have some time to understand the situation.
Pretending to be scared, I rolled my eyes around.
‘Nothing particularly dangerous.’
The room was surprisingly empty, with two people standing near the door. There didn’t seem to be a way to physically escape past them.
I need to figure out what’s going on and convince them I’m not Luca.
As I kept my mouth shut, the ‘brother,’ who had been feigning sternness, softened his expression and spoke gently.
“You must have waited a long time. I was just checking on your condition.”
“…Condition?”
“Yes, you were right. You didn’t stop taking your medicine.”
Medicine?
A suddenly out-of-context topic, coupled with the tone of someone who seemed to know me well, was quite irritating.
‘…But….’
“That’s sudden,” I thought, feeling a creeping sense of foreboding. Unlike before when I couldn’t grasp anything, now the rough outline of the situation was becoming clearer.
I didn’t need to open my mouth to extract more information. The person across from me looked at me with pity and continued talking.
“Your illness has worsened. They said the usual dose you’ve been drinking won’t be effective anymore. It’s all my fault for not noticing earlier. I’m sorry for the misunderstanding.”
“Illness?”
“What? Oh no… you must be in so much pain. What were they even doing while you were suffering like this?”
At his sharp question, the people standing guard at the door stammered out some kind of explanation.
While he berated them for their mistakes, I quickly pieced things together in my mind.
‘Your illness,’ medicine, brother, and Luca.
My heart started beating faster.
I couldn’t help but think of the characters from the book I had read earlier.
That ‘Luca’ also had a brother and suffered from a mysterious incurable disease, for which he took medicine.
The ridiculous coincidence made me frown.
Seeing my reaction as a shock to the worsening condition, the person tried to comfort me.
“We’ve increased the dose, so you’ll be fine now. But thinking about how scared you must have been in here for the past week breaks my heart. Please understand, it was all to prevent you from having another outburst because of your illness… It was all for your sake.”
At his gesture, one of the guards at the door handed him a black wooden box.
Thanks to the light coming from behind, I could clearly see the contents. The box was filled with small crystal bottles, each about the size of a fingertip, containing a black liquid that shimmered with every slight movement.
It was something I had never seen before, yet at the same time, something I knew very well.
If the poison the brother used to ruin his younger sibling’s life in the book existed in reality, it would look just like this.
“…This is….”
“Yes, it looks just like what you’ve been drinking so far. We just increased the concentration and amount a bit, so it won’t feel too different.”
He held one of the crystal bottles up in front of my face.
“At least you’ll be able to go to school on time. I thought you might never get to go, but it’s a relief, isn’t it?”
“……”
“Come to think of it… I heard you already drank two bottles yesterday, so the news came a bit late. We need you to drink it to see if the new dose works properly. But there’s no choice.”
He rambled on uselessly.
I had no time to listen to such nonsense.
Luca didn’t have any illness.
There was no such thing as the ‘outbursts’ his brother mentioned.
There was no need to take medicine, and no reason to be confined in a basement.
The person who was supposed to be the most healthy and extraordinarily talented was living like this because of his brother.
In a world governed by magic, birth order meant nothing.
Only the strongest magic user inherited the title and the position of head of the family.
The brother, born with extraordinary talent, would have easily become the head of the family without lifting a finger.
‘If Luca hadn’t been born, that is.’
Unlike his brother, who only manifested magical power at the age of six, Luca used magic at a higher level by the age of three.
No one doubted that Luca would become the greatest magician in the family’s history.
Since a stronger individual had been born, the brother had no chance of becoming the head of the family, so he decided to suppress Luca’s magical power.
The ‘medicine’ the brother had been giving him wasn’t a cure but a poison that killed his magic.
Having drunk that poison for half his life, Luca could no longer use magic as his brother had hoped, and he slowly approached death.
My eyes fell on the transparent medicine bottle in his hand.
He had mentioned earlier that Luca’s condition had worsened.
In his brother’s terms, that meant Luca’s magical power had grown too strong to be suppressed by the poison.
‘They must have misunderstood, thinking he hadn’t taken the poison.’
Considering the nonsensical words that had come out of my mouth, the situation became clearer.
Who in their right mind would confine their sibling in a lightless place because they thought he hadn’t taken his medicine?
And then claim it was all for his sake? How shameless could he be?
‘If it ends here, he might be lucky.’
By the time Luca graduated from school and became an adult, he was locked up again, and his brother eventually killed him with his own hands.
Slowly killing him with poison wasn’t enough to satisfy him.
But now, I was being called by the name of the twenty-year-old who died and placed in that same situation.
‘This is insane.’
I looked down at my body.
Unlike when there was no light, I could see many things now.
Clothes unfamiliar in this era and region, shaggy hair obstructing my view, an emaciated body, and strangely pale skin.
This wasn’t my body. No way, no how.
It was more believable that I was in the body of an extra who died at twenty after living on the poison his brother made him drink than that I was myself.
Considering the apologies I involuntarily uttered and the fear I felt toward the ‘brother’ I had never seen before, even more so.
My consciousness must have been transferred into the body of that minor character from the crazy novel.
There was no other way to explain this situation.
Whether it made sense or not, all my sensations were real.
It was just a crazy situation; my perception wasn’t flawed. Seeing this with my own eyes, I felt a strange sense of relief.
“The introduction was too long.”
Noticing I wasn’t listening, he tapped the bottle with his finger to catch my attention.
The black liquid, tinged with blue, shimmered before my eyes.
Smiling softly, he spoke in a gentle voice.
“Drink it now, Luca.”
“…!”
The servants’ eyes widened. Mine did too.
He wanted me to drink the stronger poison on top of the already double dose?
‘…Theoretically, this could kill me.’
One of the servants seemed to think so, as they urgently opened their mouth.
“Sir, young master…!”
“Do you have something to say?”
Though his tone was gentle, his meaning was clear.
The servants exchanged glances, apologized, and left the room.
In the end, only the two of us remained in the spacious basement. He looked at my face and smiled softly again.
“You won’t die. Trust me. You know this is all for you.”
Ridiculous. He couldn’t be unaware of the poison’s danger.
It was impossible to say such a thing without valuing his brother’s life less than a fly’s.
‘…This bastard.’
My nails dug into my palms.
The sound of my heartbeat pounded in my ears.
The fear I had barely held back flooded my entire body like a broken dam.
Just as my breath started to quicken, a bright white light appeared before my eyes.
Ding—!
〈 Chapter 0. The Beginning is Always Difficult 〉
*Choice: Make the Optimal Decision. (0/1)*
* Route 1 ― 〈 Chapter 1. If You Help Yourself, God Will Help You (1) 〉
* Route 2 ― 〈 Death 〉
---------------------------
TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.
PREVIOUS | NEXT
Ch 2: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family
Chapter 2
〈 Chapter 0. The Beginning is Always Difficult 〉
Suggestion: Make the Optimal Decision. (0/1)
Route 1 ― 〈 Chapter 1. God Helps Those Who Help Themselves (1) 〉
Route 2 ― 〈 Death 〉
‘Is this… could it be….’
…….
A quest?
But the surprise didn’t last long.
Waking up in this world was shocking enough, so whatever else happened, it seemed better than entering someone else’s body.
In fact, the appearance of this strange window gave me some control over my fear.
‘There are two routes.’
‘Move to the next chapter’ or… die.
Coincidentally, I had two choices too.
Avoid the poison, or drink it. One of these choices would lead to my death.
Just one choice could determine life or death. The tension made it hard to breathe, and my fingertips began to tingle.
‘…No.’
Calm down.
I loosened my clenched fingers and looked at the bottle in his hand.
The poison left blue traces and shimmered in the bottle. Drinking it seemed like a sure way to the afterlife.
I glared at the dark blue liquid and spoke briefly.
“…I drank it yesterday.”
“Well. Of course, I believe you always tell the truth. But mistakes can happen when things pass through multiple hands. For example, the person who served you tea might not have mixed the medicine….”
“……”
“Even if everything is true, it doesn’t matter. I just want to ensure your symptoms are clearly managed. If you make a mistake in front of your friends… you’d be very sad, wouldn’t you, Luca?”
Even the devil couldn’t be this evil.
He was always like this. In the novel and in Luca’s memories, he always pretended to be the good brother.
No one would know what kind of inferiority and superiority complexes hid behind those kind words and smiles.
I exhaled and lowered my head deeply.
Since my life depended on this choice, I needed to be mentally prepared.
‘It did say to make the optimal decision.’
I took a deep breath.
Then I grabbed the bottle from his hand and downed the poison.
Every spot the poison touched, from my tongue to my stomach, burned as if on fire. The coldness of the stone floor seeped into my left cheek, and the poison I had just swallowed surged back up from my mouth. The sound I made was faint and muffled in my ears.
It was a bizarre experience.
“Hm, you really did drink it yesterday.”
From the corner of my fading consciousness, I heard my brother’s amused voice.
Of course, it must be amusing. It’s understandable to laugh at the situation of a brother who must follow orders even while knowing the truth. So….
‘Laugh as much as you want now.’
Ding—!
Congratulations!
‘Suggestion: Make the Optimal Decision.’ Successful!
‘Chapter 0. The Beginning is Always Difficult’ Complete!
‘Route 1 ― 〈 Chapter 1. God Helps Those Who Help Themselves (1) 〉’ Confirmed.
‘…Right. This is how it should be.’
Earlier, he said, ‘It’s a relief you can still go to school.’
In the novel, Luca died after graduating from school, so it’s not time yet.
Of course, there was no guarantee the novel’s content would apply to me exactly, so it was a bit of a gamble….
‘I succeeded.’
Although my consciousness felt like it was floating away, my body felt as heavy as a thousand pounds. Even as my mind distanced itself from my body, a faint smile formed on my lips.
‘Route 1 — 〈 Chapter 1 〉’ Begins.
「 Chapter 1. God Helps Those Who Help Themselves (1) 」
The pain didn’t matter. My pride wasn’t hurt.
After all, the one who survives to laugh last will be me. There’s no way I’m going to die unjustly in this world, especially not at the hands of someone like my brother.
So, I have no choice but to be the one to end my brother’s life instead of the protagonist.
*
Who knows how much time had passed, but white sunlight filtered through the curtains.
I felt no pain in my stomach and esophagus, which had been burning from the poison. My body felt light, possibly due to healing magic.
‘Hm.’
I slowly raised my hand.
My pale, bony hand moved according to my will.
I was alive.
And still in someone else’s body.
‘What was that… earlier?’
Was it really a quest window?
As soon as I thought that, something appeared before my eyes.
〈 Chapter 1. God Helps Those Who Help Themselves (1) 〉
Suggestion: Life is Up to You! Find What You Need to Do. (0/3) (71 hours 52 minutes 09 seconds)
Route 1 ― 〈 Chapter 2. God Helps Those Who Help Themselves (2) 〉
Route 2 ― 〈 Chapter 2. Even a Blind Chicken Finds Grain Sometimes 〉
Earlier, it was Chapter 0.
The number had changed. I didn’t know how it worked, but it was fascinating.
‘If there’s a window like this, does it mean there’s a status window too?’
It wasn’t a game, but still….
But if it’s not a game, why is it giving quests called ‘Suggestions’?
Then, white letters appeared in the air.
Lucas Rene Askanian
Title: The Empire’s Biggest Fool
Health: -5
Mental Strength: -10
Magic Power: ?
Skill: 0
Impression: -10
Luck: -10
Trait: Dawn777
“…Oh.”
It appeared. But….
‘Why are all the stats minus?’
No.
Skills are at 0. But that’s no comfort.
‘And what’s with that title?’
I laughed bitterly as I scanned the window.
Lucas Rene Askanian.
Yes, originally it was Lucas.
Luca was just a nickname his brother used; it wasn’t his real name.
In the novel, everyone except the protagonist and his brother called him Lucas.
Impression probably refers to my reputation. And traits….
‘Traits.’
Can I click this?
I brought my finger to the name that reminded me of a hangover cure.
Dawn777
―777 days 1 hour 6 minutes 37 seconds until final outcome ‘Chapter X. Death’
―Probability of change: 0.2%
“…….”
I dismissed the window and turned my head away.
I didn’t know what I saw, but I was sure it wasn’t something I wanted to confront.
But… no matter how much I didn’t want to see it, I couldn’t just ignore it.
“…Damn….”
I gritted my teeth and read the status window again. Clicking on Dawn777 brought up the same window.
‘777 days until death.’
That’s about two years and a little over a month.
‘And a 0.2% chance of change.’
The reason it wasn’t 0 but a vague 0.2% was probably because I succeeded in the ‘Suggestion’ during Chapter 0.
If I continue to succeed in the Suggestions, I might be able to increase that probability.
‘Not bad.’
Even without this guide, it’s obvious that my survival depends on my choices. At least now I can see it.
Let’s aim for the best outcome with the best choices from now on.
“Young Master.”
Just as I was about to look around the room, a servant cautiously opened the door and came in.
“You’re awake. It’s been almost a day since you collapsed. The older young master treated your injuries with magic yesterday.”
Treated?
Of course, ‘Brother’ always pretended to be kind. While I held back a scoff, the servant continued speaking.
“Your eyes were severely damaged from sudden exposure to bright light. Be careful not to look at direct light until today, and don’t push yourself with meals as your stomach hasn’t fully recovered. All your belongings have been sent to the dormitory, so please rest here until you move tomorrow morning.”
The servant quickly rattled off his speech with a tense face and then cautiously withdrew.
“Well, I’ll bring you your meal shortly.”
“Hey.”
The servant’s eyes widened in shock.
He gaped at me before finally managing to stammer out a small question.
“…Yes?”
Of course, the servant wasn’t the only one surprised.
‘Hey’? That confirmed for me that this wasn’t the world I lived in.
The servant wasn’t shocked because I called him without formality. He was just stunned that I spoke to him at all.
‘Makes sense.’
Luca had become extremely introverted because of his brother. He hardly spoke even to the servants he saw every day.
The servant, still in disbelief, hesitated before asking again.
“…Did you mean me?”
“Who else is here if not you?”
The continuous stream of rude remarks made me bite my lip.
Is this the norm here?
Reflecting on my memories, I recalled that Luca, as a member of the family, didn’t necessarily speak politely to the servants.
Of course, his tone was usually timid and lacking confidence. My current tone was more like my brother’s. It seemed my personality was influencing the way I spoke.
‘Well, this might actually be good.’
To drag my brother down and rise above him, the original timid personality wouldn’t suffice.
However, if I kept using this tone, everyone would notice my change. Though I couldn’t help what I’d already said, I needed to start behaving more like the original Luca.
I subtly relaxed my voice, unnoticed by the servant.
During this, the servant collected himself and straightened up.
“Sorry. Please speak.”
“…Ahem, where is my brother now?”
“He left for the Imperial Palace the day after he arrived here.”
“The Imperial Palace?”
“Yes.”
The Imperial Palace.
Of course, my brother’s physical location would determine the difficulty of my success.
As a magician affiliated with the royal family, my brother often engaged in diplomatic activities and was frequently dispatched overseas in the novel.
Given that I was supposed to die two years from now, and considering my brother was in his mid-twenties, he might soon be heading abroad.
“Do you know when he will return to the estate?”
“It will take at least another year to finish his current assignment. Even after returning to the Empire, it’s uncertain if he will stay at the estate.”
He’s gone overseas.
That was somewhat relieving news.
I would have a bit more freedom for the next year.
“Is there anything else you need, young master?”
“No, you can….”
Wait a moment.
I had a thought and decided to call up the status window for the servant.
Anton Clausen
Favorability: -5
Title: —
Health: +2
Mental Strength: +2
Magic Power: +0.5
Skill: 0
Impression: +3
Luck: +1
Trait: —
“…Cough…!”
“Young master?”
I choked on my saliva seeing the entries under his name.
Favorability… probably a score regarding my image.
Did I really need to see my already rock-bottom image in such stark numbers?
‘…I guess this guy is only -5 because he’s my servant….’
I accepted the handkerchief the servant offered and coughed slightly.
Well, whatever the score is, the important thing is that I can see other people’s information.
‘This could be useful.’
Noticing I was silently staring at the status window, the servant cautiously asked again.
“Young master?”
“Yes. You may go now.”
“Yes, I’ll bring your meal shortly.”
The servant left the room and soon returned with my meal.
As a patient, my meal consisted only of a watery aperitif and grain porridge.
I quickly finished my meal and looked around the room.
‘I need to find what I need to do.’
I didn’t need the suggestion to tell me to do so.
I summoned the suggestion window again.
〈 Chapter 1. God Helps Those Who Help Themselves (1) 〉
*Suggestion: Life is Up to You! Find What You Need to Do. (0/3) (70 hours 53 minutes 01 second)*
* Route 1 ― 〈 Chapter 2. God Helps Those Who Help Themselves (2) 〉
* Route 2 ― 〈 Chapter 2. Even a Blind Chicken Finds Grain Sometimes 〉
The meaning of Route 2 is irritatingly vague.
It means the story will progress even if I fail the suggestion… but there’s no need to go down a negative route.
Let’s try one step at a time.
I picked up a notebook from the bedside table. It was time to organize what I needed to do and the novel’s plot.
Although I had a good memory, I couldn’t rely on it alone. I picked up a pen and began to write.
‘First, the overall plot.’
In a nutshell, it’s the story of a delinquent protagonist, born a collateral member of the current emperor, who experiences various events over ten years and finally becomes the emperor.
In the process of ascending to the throne, the protagonist eliminates Luca’s brother, who was almost like the emperor’s right-hand man.
Luca’s death is highlighted during this process, and the true nature of his brother is revealed to everyone.
Luca’s story is just one of the many incidents the protagonist deals with.
I paused to breathe after scribbling down everything, even skipping the meal that arrived again, and noting down every piece of information that came to mind.
I also organized the major character relationships.
‘Now it’s time to decide how I should move forward.’
It wasn’t a difficult question.
I need to build my strength and secure as many allies as possible without openly using magic or doing anything that would provoke my brother to come after me.
So, there’s a more important issue.
Even if I can’t act freely, I need at least one ally to act as my hands and feet.
‘I think the protagonist attends the same school as Luca.’
That could be a great connection.
Although he’s just a problematic student now, he will become the emperor in ten years.
Should I try to get close to the novel’s protagonist?
‘No.’
Maybe later, but now I need to focus and choose wisely.
I turned my gaze away from the protagonist’s name.
Then, I underlined another name next to it.
Ding—!
*Applause for Your Insight!*
‘Suggestion: Life is Up to You! Find What You Need to Do’ 1/3 Achieved!
Achieving this goal in the next stage will increase your survival probability by more than 3%.
‘Hm.’
It seems I made a good choice.
I will align myself not with the emperor but with the kingmaker who made the protagonist the emperor.
---------------------------
TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.
PREVIOUS | NEXT
Ch 3: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family
Chapter 3
'Leonard Wittelsbach.'
An individual who had the greatest influence on the protagonist's victory and was deeply involved in Luca's story.
Born into a family renowned for magical medicine for generations, Leo succeeds in creating a core enhancer from his brother's poison.
While the ingredients are surprisingly simple, I need to create connections within the school to obtain the medicinal herbs without the family's help.
'He's the same age as the protagonist and Luca.'
I began writing down my memories of Leo beneath that note.
When I was about to fill up an entire notebook, I checked the time. There was still more than half a day left before departure.
'Shall I look for something to do next?'
Just by properly setting the target earlier, I had achieved one-third of the task. If it could help me in any way, it was likely to be generously approved.
'It would be good to raise some points.'
Raising my stamina or impression points right now isn't appropriate.
It would be better to test the skill categories that I can access before departure.
I stepped out of the room to search for the library, aiming to familiarize myself with the house's layout.
As soon as I left the room, the murmurs and soft laughter abruptly ceased. The servants who were walking down the corridor carrying tasks stood against the walls, stiff and silent.
The exclusion Luca experienced in the novel was now happening to me.
'It's refreshing to experience it firsthand.'
I didn't particularly feel bad.
They were avoiding Luca, not the real me.
I enjoyed the fresh experience while recalling the novel's content.
The servants weren't behaving this way because they were trying to gain favor with my father or brother. If that were the case, there would be no reason to avoid a person.
Moreover, my brother is so adept at acting that most don't doubt his brotherly love.
The reason Luca became a target of avoidance was due to the rumors my brother had fabricated over a long period.
He had long spread rumors linking me to Pleroma.
Pleroma is a religious group that believes in absorbing others' magical power through blood to maintain eternal life.
Most of its members died long ago but were resurrected about ten years ago, claiming they had been chosen by the gods to be revived.
'Up to this point, they are just crazy people.'
To expand their power, Pleroma killed living people and revived them.
Most of the revived corpses failed, but occasionally, a corpse would revive with its consciousness intact.
These revived corpses and Pleroma members absorbed others' magical power to sustain their bodies. To reduce the damage from direct absorption, they consumed blood mixed with magical power. It was an unsettling group in many ways.
My brother had spent considerable effort creating various incidents, from minor controversies to murders, to let people imagine my abnormality.
Finally, he succeeded in spreading scandals without dirtying his mouth.
Once a lie was created, it spread nationwide in an instant. My brother performed with all his might to protect Luca from the imperial investigators and the press that stormed our territory.
That was almost ten years ago.
For ten years, my brother continued to build lies, driving his brother's image to the grave.
Throughout this process, he never forgot to cultivate his good character.
As a result, he successfully deceived everyone, including my father, the entire population, and even Luca himself. The servants were no exception.
'It's rather good.'
If they openly harm me like this, it's welcome.
It doesn't mean they won't interfere with everything I do, but at least it's better than meddling in every matter.
As I turned the corner and passed the stairs, the servants all reacted the same way.
Among them were frightened sneers as a defensive mechanism.
The strange sensation of my existence drifting away and becoming isolated did not fade.
Luca's memories blended with mine, reviving the emotions he felt, making the servants' attitudes more vivid.
However, unlike Luca, I did not feel anxious.
'What does it matter?'
Should I just disappear?
The more they act this way, the more I want to brazenly show my face.
But now is not the time to get irritated. It's not the right time to mock them as I please.
After wandering around the house for a long time, my stamina was nearly exhausted when I finally entered the library on the first floor.
I wandered through the library, pulling out books on history and magic.
Ding―!
Chapter 1 Special Reward
Turn your knowledge into skills! Perfectly embody the knowledge you acquire now. (0/1)
'Hmm?'
They give this too.
Though I was relaxed, the situation itself was not one to be taken lightly.
I quickly thought it over.
'That number 1 bothers me.'
It means there's only one chance.
I looked over the books piled on the desk.
I can't waste this opportunity on something like a history book. I can just memorize that myself.
I need to choose a field where the knowledge and results often don't align, requiring countless practice sessions.
I pushed the history books aside and laid out the magic books.
'Introduction to Basic Magic.'
Of course, this is useless.
I can study the basics on my own.
'50 Practical Combat Spells.'
This is a bit intriguing.
But I can find a better option. I can learn these in school anyway.
I piled all the books on one corner of the desk and moved to the bookshelf where the magic books were.
'Change Your Life with This Knowledge – Easy Study of Practical Magic Pharmacy.'
Even if I know it, my life likely won't change.
'Absolutely Forbidden Cursed Arts.'
Considering the rumors that I'm involved with a cult drinking human blood, there's no need to reinforce that.
And since this passed the imperial censorship and is in this mansion, it's unlikely to be proper cursed arts. Probably just a cultured book.
'Let's think for a moment.'
I can learn regular magic on my own.
I need to choose something that is difficult for me to master, requiring significant time, effort, and opportunity costs.
Then there's only one answer.
I immediately moved to another section.
After searching through the books, I finally found a useful one.
'Study of Divine Power as Authority.'
It detailed special magic using divine power.
Divine power is processed magical energy, fundamentally similar to magical power.
However, since it's processed magical power, users proficient in divine power can handle both divine and magical power, but those who use only magical power struggle with divine power.
'Though divine power is mainly needed by clergy…'
Now, I need it too.
Especially for this.
My eyes were drawn to the mind-control magic in the table of contents.
I needed to learn how to control people's minds to keep them silent for any potential issues.
This magic places a significant strain on the caster's stamina and mental strength and has many restrictions, so even if I learned it, I couldn't use it on my brother….
'But I can delay any news of my changes from reaching my brother's ears.'
*In short, I can expand my range of actions.*
More importantly, mastering divine power allows me to learn not only mind control but also various special magics derived from divine power.
I opened the book and absorbed all the knowledge about divine power into my head.
I had to learn it by myself. Since I didn't fully understand it, I started by memorizing it blindly.
Ding―!
Chapter 1 Special Reward
Turn your knowledge into skills! Perfectly embody the knowledge you acquire now. (1/1)
The 'Divine Power' attribute has been added!
'Done.'
Just memorizing it counted as a success.
I smiled as I caught my breath.
*
I spent the night in the library, and when I heard the faint bell signaling the servants' waking time, I stood up. It was about time to leave for school.
"Young master."
Just then, the servant I saw yesterday came to find me in the library.
I walked behind the servant who was guiding me and fell into thought.
I know it's quite a distance to the school, so it might take about three or four days.
We probably can't use a teleportation tool since it works on a mage's core.
Luca was born a mage, but thanks to my brother's weekly medicine, which shatters his core, he can't do anything only a mage can do. Most likely, we'll take a carriage.
As we passed through many corridors and gardens and reached the outermost part of the building, a carriage was indeed waiting.
'As expected.'
It's no longer surprising.
I roughly nodded toward the carriage and asked.
"How many days does it usually take to the capital?"
"Oh, it took me just under three days. I haven't been here long, so I haven't heard how long it takes for you, young master."
Three days is three days. What's with "for you"?
I didn't expect my servant to be sharp, so I just boarded the carriage without replying.
"I'll see you next vacation, young master. Take care."
The servant who guided me here said farewell.
Recalling Luca's timid nature, I just nodded slightly.
Surely there were more servants attending to me, but no one else came to see me off.
If my brother's servants had acted this way when he left, they would all have been fired.
'Well, they will all be replaced next time I come, so it doesn't matter.'
I closed the carriage window with a sound and leaned back against the plush seat.
And the next day, I understood why the servant mentioned "your case."
The carriage bearing the family crest passed through other territories without a single inspection and arrived just outside the capital in a day.
'Having the family name really speeds things up.'
I closed the divine power book I had brought from the library and looked out the window.
The main road ahead was already filled with carriages. It was the start of the school term, and there was also a checkpoint, making it even more congested.
'This will take some time.'
I opened the book again.
As I scanned the last chapter and looked up, another surprising scene unfolded.
The carriages that hadn't yet passed the fork all simultaneously turned off to another road, clearing the previously crowded road.
Then, a shrill cry came from a passing carriage.
"Ah…!"
A child looking out the window saw me and slammed the window shut.
Wondering why, a reasonable suspicion crossed my mind.
'Are they avoiding me?'
I began to understand why the road suddenly cleared.
There's no reason for the Askanien family, known for its mages, to use a carriage. They could use teleportation magic.
So who could be in this carriage?
Obviously, me.
"...Hahaha!"
Knowing this made me laugh.
Not because I felt bad, but because it was absurd.
'Is this really necessary?'
Even if I did get off the carriage and blow up the road for a resurrection ritual, there's no need for this.
'......'
Thinking this way, it seems plausible from their perspective.
I quickly dismissed the thought and maintained my composure.
Anyway, I had already known that Luca was a pariah to the entire nation, but experiencing that outside the house, with more than just a few servants, was a whole different level.
'I'm looking forward to it.'
When I bring my brother down to my current position and rise higher than where he is now, what will happen to them?
How will my brother react to his completely reversed situation?
I closed the window and opened the book.
'Hmm.'
I've now memorized all the magical formulas and additional information about divine power written here.
Since I reached my destination early with nothing else to do, I had no complaints against them.
Ding―!
Did you get a sense of it? Keep going like this!
'Suggestion: Life is about taking initiative! Find what you need to do.' 2/3 achieved!
A new notification appeared.
Since I had already sensed success from the special reward at the library, it wasn't surprising.
However, the timing of its appearance was noteworthy.
'It showed up right after I mastered the content here.'
Besides gaining the new attribute, there might be other changes.
'Status window.'
Lucas Rene Askanian
Title: Empire's Biggest Fool
Stamina: -5
Mental Strength: -10
Magical Power: ?
Skill: +0.002 (+0.002)
Impression: -10
Luck: -9.998 (+0.002)
Attributes: Dawn777, Divine Power
The skill did increase, though insignificantly.
The rise was so minimal it was almost surprising.
'…Well, I expected this.'
Given that the mental strength and impression scores seem very reasonable, each category probably has a maximum of 10 points. They wouldn't give away a whole point just for reading a book.
I quickly accepted this and dismissed the window.
The increase in luck was more surprising. It seems to interact with other categories.
"We've arrived."
The coachman opened the carriage door.
In the distance, there was a building unmistakably a school, with students in uniforms walking around the plaza.
I grabbed my bag and got off the carriage, looking around the surrounding shops.
'Now I have something to do.'
Though it seems sudden, this might fulfill the last part of the 'suggestion.'
I need to cut my hair.
I ran my hand through my hair.
My waxed hair clumped together, covering my eyes and ears. I couldn't tell how long it had been since I last cut it.
Since my servants avoided me unless summoned by my father, the last time I cut it must have been before enrolling.
'The more the servants avoid me, the more assertive I need to be.'
Alright.
Luca had no choice but to grow up this way, so what can I do?
Since I left the library just in time, I had no complaints.
However, if I continue to look like this, I won't be able to gather any allies, so I need to tidy up my appearance.
'The problem is, I don't know where to get my hair cut.'
I stood still and looked around.
As soon as the family carriage appeared, the crowd in the plaza began to clear, leaving only a few people visible.
Among them, a student in uniform saw me, hesitated, and quickly turned into an alley.
'Hmm.'
I don't find it particularly irritating.
I don't feel bad either.
They're avoiding Luca, not me.
Still... it seems a bit irritating now. Let's just call it that for now.
I widened my stride and entered the alley. I grabbed the shoulder of the student in uniform.
"Excuse me."
"Ah!"
The owner of the shoulder jumped and slowly turned around. Judging by his reaction, he already knew who had grabbed him.
I softened my expression as much as possible and smiled gently.
The other person, as if unable to believe the situation, opened his mouth but eventually spoke in a small, crawling voice.
"Wh-Why…?"
"I need to ask you something."
---------------------------
TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.
PREVIOUS | NEXT
Ch 4: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family
Chapter 4
Ding!
"Suggestion: Life is Yours! Find What You Need to Do." Achieved: 3/3!
Congratulations!
"Suggestion: Life is Yours! Find What You Need to Do." Success!
'Chapter 1. If You Help Yourself, God Will Help You (1)' Completed!
'Route 1 — 〈Chapter 2. If You Help Yourself, God Will Help You (2)〉' Confirmed.
"Finally, it feels better."
I touched my newly cut short hair.
Yes, this is it. If you’re going to grow your hair, trim it as it grows, or just cut it off.
Ruka, having neglected it for so long without any intention of growing it, looked like a complete mess.
'At least now I look less shabby.'
Instead of the droopy face that came out unconsciously, I looked in the mirror with no expression.
Unexpectedly, I looked quite decent.
Though my skin was pale, eating well and exercising diligently to bring some color back would make me look much better.
I left the shop and thanked the student following a step behind me.
"Thanks for escorting me. So, we’re in the same class?"
"...Y-Yeah. At our school, you stay in the same class until you graduate, Lucas... You didn’t know?"
"I knew that."
Since the protagonist was a student here, I knew such information from the novel.
"Oh, really...? Haha! I didn’t realize. Haha..."
"So, what’s your name?"
"Me?! I-I’m Melvin. But why do you ask...?"
Can’t even ask a classmate’s name, huh?
And why is he trembling so much?
Feeling like a bully shaking down a kid, I just closed my mouth.
I didn’t think much seeing everyone avoiding me, but seeing him tremble one-on-one made me feel oddly guilty.
As we arrived in front of a building, Melvin, his face brightening, pointed at it.
"This is the dorm. I’ll go now, see you in class tomorrow."
"Hey, wait a minute."
"Huh...?"
"Where do I go to find my room?"
Melvin, looking near death, led me to the administration office while keeping as much distance as possible.
'His reaction is funny.'
The guilt was fleeting.
Having already adjusted to such reactions, I waved with a smile.
Curious about the level, I checked the likability score, and it was predictably at -10.
"Thanks. See you later."
"Y-Yeah... I’ll really go now...!"
Before I could respond, he ran down the corridor.
In the administration office, I asked about my room number and found my way there. Opening the door, my luggage sent from home was already inside.
"Guess I’ll start with organizing."
The luggage included a few clothes, books for classes, writing tools, and some medicine. Even the wand, useless to Luca, was tucked away in a corner.
After throwing everything into the wardrobe and desk, the only thing left was the medicine box.
Suppressing the urge to kick the box, I opened the lid. On the black cloth, shielding it from light, lay a cream-colored letter.
I didn’t need to check to know who sent it.
I tore open the envelope and pulled out the letter.
[To my dear brother.]
[Hello. By the time you read this, you’ll already be at school. You can’t imagine how worried I was when you collapsed like that. I wish I could have stayed by your side, but I had to leave early. I didn’t know the medicine would hurt you so much. Please forgive me.]
That apology was the lightest in the world. Knowing Luca’s fate, I could only laugh.
The rest of the letter contained updates about father, what he said about me, and useless advice to raise my grades to average.
Reading with dull eyes, I finally reached the end of the letter.
[Though I nagged a bit, I believe you know what to prioritize. Always put your health first. Especially these days, there seems to be a lot of change, so let me know if anything happens.]
[May God’s blessing always be with you.
Sincerely, your brother.]
A plain, useless letter.
His persistence in writing such a long letter just to appear nice was palpable.
My eyes fell on the most noticeable sentence.
[I believe you know what to prioritize.]
Yes, I do.
I dumped the box into the drawer and locked it.
The poor soul that would drink this medicine was no longer your brother.
'I’d like to just throw it away...'
But I can’t.
To incriminate my brother, I need some of this as evidence.
Depending on the remaining effect of the medicine, my plans might change, so for now, I need to check how much magic I can use.
'Three days ago, my brother made me drink a bottle.'
It was practically spat out immediately, so it wouldn’t matter. The last time I drank two bottles consecutively was four days ago.
Since the medicine is taken weekly, its effect should be significantly reduced.
So, let’s try using magic.
'...But.'
It’s been so long since I last used it. Was I twelve?
Anyway, I was born into a mage family, with just a slightly closed core, so I should manage.
I stretched my hand out.
Ping!
At that moment, red magic flickered. Before I could be surprised by the unfamiliar magic, a sharp pain shot through my heart.
"Ugh...!"
It really works. My knees buckled under the pain. It was hard to stand.
'This is with the medicine’s effect weakened...'
Feeding such a thing to your brother and still sleeping soundly at night, huh?
It was absurd even as a reader, but experiencing it firsthand was even more so. I could only laugh in disbelief.
'Anyway, the plan is on track.'
Today is the last weekday.
The weekend starts tomorrow. By then, the medicine’s effect will be completely gone.
Despite the cold sweat, I laughed.
Yes. First, let’s get Leo on my side.
*
The next morning, stepping out of my room, I encountered students preparing for school.
'Surprisingly, they don’t avoid me?'
Amazed at the unexpected situation, I looked around.
Then a student walked by nonchalantly, saw my face, and quickly ran off in surprise.
Even in the crowded dormitory lobby, it was the same.
'...'
It wasn’t that they weren’t avoiding me; they didn’t recognize me.
How to Survive as the Second Son of a Magic Family (4)
Today, having always appeared disheveled, I showed up with my hair neatly trimmed, causing a delayed reaction from the students who have always avoided and despised Luca.
Adding insult to injury—unlike the outside world, which just avoided him—some students at the school were more daring, openly ignoring and insulting Luca.
There are three main reasons for this:
First, because of the Pleroma rumors.
Second, because Luca, who can't use magic, got into the magic department through donation admission.
Finally, because a student with strong influence at the school particularly hates me.
And... that student is Leo.
'I've got a long way to go.'
Leo has excellent social relationships, grades, and conduct, making him well-established in the school. His magical abilities are also top-tier.
Given that someone like him openly hates Luca, it was taken as a sign by some bold but less refined students that it was safe to bully Luca.
That's why memories of blatant contempt and ridicule remain in Luca's mind.
However, the situation isn't entirely hopeless.
While investigating Luca's death, Leo confides in the protagonist about his past.
Unknown to Luca, Leo had seen Luca before he was seriously bullied by his brother.
Leo, who came from a family of medical practitioners and had minimal talent for ordinary magic, started devoting himself to magic after witnessing Luca's magic.
Having had a positive impression of Luca from a young age, Leo didn't fully believe the Pleroma rumors.
But this led to backlash on Luca.
'Having great talent yet yielding to strange rumors seemed foolish, so I treated him brusquely.'
Leo confides this to the protagonist while investigating Luca's death. And right now is likely the 'brusque treatment' period.
'How did I get involved in such trouble...'
But this could work in my favor.
Regardless of the type of emotion, it's better to have strong feelings than indifference.
Maintaining that intensity while dramatically reversing its direction can be advantageous.
Creak—
As I entered, the noisy classroom fell silent in an instant.
The surprise from seeing me looking different from usual was evident in their reactions.
Ignoring their stares, I found a seat at the back.
I felt a sharp gaze from afar.
"Well, look who decided to live longer."
A cynical voice reached my ears.
I silently took out a book, chuckling inwardly.
'All it took was a haircut for me to hear that I'll live longer...'
What kind of state had I been in for the past year?
Anyway, it's obvious who spoke those words.
I lifted my head to look at him.
A student surrounded by friends was resting his chin on his hand, glaring coldly at me.
With wheat-colored blond hair, blue eyes, gentle downward-sloping eyes, and a firmly set mouth, his immaculate appearance screamed 'model student.'
Even without Luca's memories, I could immediately recognize him.
That student is Leo.
Ding!
'Route 1 — 〈Chapter 2〉 has begun.
「Chapter 2. If You Help Yourself, God Will Help You (2)」
〈Chapter 2. If You Help Yourself, God Will Help You (2) 〉
Suggestion: Make 'Leonard Wittelsbach' your ally. (0/1) (167 hours 59 minutes 58 seconds)
* Route 1 ― 〈Chapter 3. Undecided (1) 〉
* Route 2 ― 〈Death 〉
'...Death.'
167 hours 59 minutes, one week.
This quest is casually suggesting such madness.
I found myself breathless.
'No.'
Even with a one-week deadline, there's a chance. Being in the same class as Leo now, I'm confident I won't fail this suggestion.
I broke eye contact with Leo's piercing blue eyes and sat down.
*
"Good morning, students. Did you have a good vacation?"
The professor greeted energetically, placing the attendance book on the lectern.
Unlike the professor's enthusiasm, the students' reactions were lukewarm.
Unperturbed, the professor continued introducing the class.
"You should know from last year, this class is about learning the history of magic."
A light subject for the first class, I liked it.
As the professor's explanation continued, I leaned back, emptying my mind.
When our eyes met earlier, I quickly checked Leo's favorability, which was -8.
Higher than most students here, who are at -10, but still a negative number.
To make Leo an ally within 168 hours, one week, I needed to speed up my existing plan.
I scribbled something in my notebook, then checked the time. Despite an hour passing, the class showed no sign of ending.
"This is the cornerstone that allows us to pioneer the future through understanding the past. We can autonomously navigate life by facing the microcosm of ourselves..."
"......"
Is it okay to talk like this for an hour in high school?
I stopped looking at my notebook and scanned the room. Most students were already zoning out, doing their own thing.
Clap—
The professor clapped his hands, drawing the students' attention.
"Now, everyone. Focus. I have one last question. What is the meeting that decided magic-wielders must attend the annual Eucharist? Anyone who gets it right will receive full marks for attendance this semester."
"The professor is at it again... How are we supposed to know that when we haven't properly learned it yet."
"What does he expect."
The students in front of me whispered almost inaudibly.
Despite the distance, that boldness...
You can only have such an attitude if you look down on the teacher.
'Reminds me of high school...'
Once you're seen as a pushover, it doesn't matter if you're a teacher or not.
Feeling a bit sorry, I listened to the professor.
"This won't be on the test. But knowing this is part of being a proud student of our 2nd Imperial Academy. It’s an important event that reveals the origin of our divine power. Doesn't anyone know?"
Naturally, the classroom was silent.
I reviewed the routes of action I scribbled in my notebook, lost in thought.
Second-year, first class, first period.
This is not a bad time to start the plan for the suggestion and decide my course of action going forward.
'Shall I give it a try?'
Should I act as I did at home here in school as well?
I had already shown uncharacteristic behavior to the student who guided me, but that was just to one person. I could still change direction now.
Besides, the professor's question came from the divine power books I memorized tediously on my way here.
Knowing the answer, it’s a good opportunity to use.
'Is there any prompt?'
I pulled up the quest window just in case.
No suggestions other than making Leo an ally.
It pops up for useless things but not when needed...
'Fine.'
Once is enough.
I read in the newspaper yesterday that my brother's royal magician group left for the papal state.
It'll take at least a year for him to finish his task, and since teleportation magic between countries is banned, he would have to travel by carriage or train to return.
Given the circumstances, he wouldn’t return just to lock me in the basement.
'And... it was my brother who first told me to improve my grades.'
He's the one who scared me into doing what he says, so if I follow his orders, how could he find fault with it?
Answering a question in class should be cautious but wouldn’t trigger direct action.
This is assuming the news even reaches him.
In the novel, my brother didn’t place a watchdog on Luca. Given my state just after possessing Luca, it’s understandable. A mentally and physically broken person couldn't act autonomously.
So, answering a question in class shouldn’t immediately reach his ears.
I smiled, listening to the professor's complaint.
"No one? This is related to what I've discussed earlier. I'm sure we touched on this briefly last year..."
"......"
"Alright. Remember it well from now on."
"The Second Council of Leytherum."
Silence fell over the classroom.
Students packed into the classroom turned to me, their faces showing clear surprise.
The professor, too, seemed shocked that I answered, his mouth hanging open.
No one seemed able to break the stunned silence. Smiling softly, I spoke to ease the atmosphere.
"Am I wrong?"
"Student?"
"Yes."
"...Is that your answer?"
I tilted my head as if to ask if there was a problem.
"Yes."
"...You’re correct. It is the Second Council of Leytherum. I know you missed many classes last year due to illness... but you remembered this?"
I ended the conversation with a smile instead of answering.
Meeting the many gazes directed at me, the students quickly looked away as if something was on my face.
What mattered was not the other students.
I looked toward where Leo was.
Instead of his earlier cold expression, Leo now looked at me in surprise.
At that moment, a new window appeared before my eyes.
Ding!
Chapter 2 Special Reward
Hint: Check your survival probability!
---------------------------
TL Note: Rate/Review us on NOVEL UPDATES to Help People Find This Novel.
PREVIOUS | NEXT
Ch 5: How to Survive as the Second Son of a Mage Family
Chapter 5
‘Survival probability?’
Dawn777
―Final outcome ‘Chapter X. Death’ in 774 days, 0 hours, 1 minute, and 19 seconds
―Chance of change: 0.3% (+0.1%p)
It increased by 0.1%p.
‘That means I’m on the right track.’
Good.
For now, I won’t go out of my way to respond, but I’ve realized I don’t need to act like a social misfit as I did at home.
I can’t live as the original Luca forever.
To succeed in overthrowing the hierarchy, and to increase the credibility of my words and actions, I can’t maintain my current social standing.
To catch up with my brother, who is highly esteemed in the Empire and neighboring countries, I need to start moving as soon as possible.
Of course, my brother won’t tolerate my changes forever.
One day, he’ll either assign a monitor to me or come to check on me himself.
So, I need to improve my skills and lay the groundwork to dispel any ridiculous rumors before then.
*
The first day of classes ended smoothly.
Fortunately, the practical classes were also just orientation, so there was no need to use magic.
Thinking it best to postpone magic training until the effects of the potion wear off, I spent Friday evening and the weekend in the library. Immersed in studying divine power to raise my skill scores, the weekend flew by in the blink of an eye.
Finally, Monday arrived, and the first practical magic class began.
“Hello, everyone. Did you have a good weekend? Today, we will practice a simple attack spell.”
The professor, who had called all the students to the training ground, amplified his voice with a spell and guided us. After a tedious introduction, the professor called each student to use magic.
‘They’re all quite good.’
As expected of the Empire’s top magic academy, the students' skills were impressive.