Information
Table of Contents URL: https://novelfire.net/book/a-knight-who-eternally-regresses
A Knight Who Eternally Regresses
Eternally Regressing Knight • 오늘만 사는 기사
Author: Soul Pung
RANK 553
5
628Chapters 70KViews 611Bookmarked Ongoing Status
Genres
Fantasy
Seinen
Psychological
Action
Shounen
Shares
Novel Chapters
Chapter 627: Difference in Skill
Updated 1 day ago
User Reviews
Reviews from 2 readers
Average score is 5
Summary
Though it may be a dream weathered, crumpled, fading,
I held on without surrender.
Through each repeated day, running toward tomorrow’s light,
I became a knight, resolute and bright.
Show More
Tags
Hard-Working Protagonist
Weak to Strong
Sword Wielder
Boss-Subordinate Relationship
Calm Protagonist
Determined Protagonist
Male Protagonist
Wars
Loyal Subordinates
Military
Strategic Battles
Elves
Sword And Magic
Mercenaries
Knights
Fearless Protagonist
Soldiers
Adapted to Manhwa
Time Loop
Show More
If you find any errors (non-standard content, ads redirect, broken links, etc..), Please let us know so we can fix it as soon as possible.
Report
Chapter 0: Prologue
A flash of light flickered past.
Enkrid had no idea what was happening.
He only felt pain. It felt as if a red-hot poker was thrust into his throat.
He realized that the armor padded with leather was utterly useless at that moment.
He lost consciousness as the red, hot liquid swirling inside his body gushed out.
And then, he opened his eyes again.
It was the beginning of another day
This was not a dream.
It had happened numerous times before.
He didn't know why it was happening. It was just something that kept on occuring.
Ding-dang.
The guard on duty banged a pot with a ladle and signaled the start of the morning.
It was the same morning, but for a third time now.
It was then that Enkrid truly realized.
‘Again?’
That if he dies, he repeats the same day.
Chapter 1: My Dream was to be a Knight
My dream was to be a knight.
The teacher who taught Enkrid how to use a sword was quite good-natured and never spoke ill of anyone.
“You.”
Leaning against the sword he held with its scabbard planted vertically on the ground, the teacher called Enkrid.
“Go back to the village. If you hate farming, serve in the village militia. You might even become a Militia Captain.”
Had he listened to those words from the teacher who had his fill of the sword, things might have been a little better.
But he didn't.
A single phrase that he heard when he was young was the problem.
“Enki, you're a genius.”
He had easily won a fight against a neighborhood brat a few years older than him with a wooden sword.
That was when he was 11. It was the first time he was called a genius.
He didn't know back then that the bastard was incredibly bad at sword fighting.
At fifteen, Enkrid fought an adult in the village with a wooden sword and won.
Since then, he became confident in his skills.
In the small village where he was born, there was no one who knew how to properly use a sword.
The best they had was a third-rate mercenary. He was a drifter who had lost one leg and washed up in the village.
He taught the village kids swordsmanship and Enkrid was among those kids.
“You're a genius.”
At fifteen, he heard the same words for the second time.
If the first time was from a village elder who knew nothing, then the second time it was from a mercenary who had given up his knighthood title and lost his leg for a lady.
‘I must be a genius.’
That's what he thought.
He harbored a dream.
He decided to become a knight.
A knight that would support a monarch who could unify the continent engulfed in war.
A knight who would put an end to the war.
It was around this time that a bard's song spread widely across the continent, reaching even Enkrid's small village.
The content was simple, but the melody was captivating, and the latter lyrics shook the heart.
The knight who will end this war!
The knight who will dye the war in twilight!
We shall call him the Knight of Twilight!
The Knight of the End! The knight who will end the tumult!
The bard's song ignited the hearts of boys and girls.
‘I will become that knight.’
Enkrid felt the same.
At eighteen, Enkrid left the village, thinking there was no one there who could match him.
He had no parents or siblings.
He had a few friends, but there were hardly any who could connect with Enkrid, a person obsessed with the sword since childhood.
In those gaps, the boy grew up and left.
Thus, he began his life as a mercenary.
His skills weren't bad. His attitude and hard work were commendable as well.
But two months were enough to realize that he wasn't a genius.
He was defeated by a so-called third-rate mercenary with no name.
“You're not ripe yet.”
He heard such words.
He thought having a good teacher would be enough.
He did his utmost and saved money. Risking half his life, he fought against bands of thieves.
With the money he earned by doing that, he sought out a fencing school.
In big cities, there were usually one or two fencing schools.
He learned swordsmanship.
He wasn't unlucky as the teacher was honest and conscientious.
He told Enkrid to put down his sword.
“No. I won't.”
Enkrid didn't give up.
“You're really hardworking. Truly hardworking.”
Everyone who saw Enkrid said so unanimously.
They had to.
Because hard work doesn't betray.
Even though his palms cracked open and his arm muscles trembled, he repeated it countless times.
He fared well in places where similar people gathered.
Enkrid was an outstanding hard worker. As he drifted from one fencing school to another, saving money, he had grown over twenty.
By the time he was over twenty-five, he had built up some experience and skill, making a name for himself as a mercenary.
But at best, it was only after asking a few times in a small city that someone would say, "Ah, that guy, he's pretty good with a sword."
Even up to this point, there was a glimmer of hope.
Hope that the future would be better than now.
But in the spring of his twenty-seventh year, Enkrid realized that his talent was insignificant.
The result of a casual quarrel made him privy to it. His sword flew out of his hand in five exchanges, and he had a hole in his stomach. Enkrid bit down, covering the hole in his stomach with his palm.
“How old are you?”
“Twelve.”
Twelve, he says. He was not even in his teens yet. This was a real genius.
“Sorry, it was my first real fight.”
The kid said so. He was not a noble, not a commoner, but a serf child.
He had been holding a sword for merely six months.
“I went too hard with my hands. Take this for your medical expenses.”
The kid's master, a character, tossed a purse of money.
It wasn't a fatal injury.
The intestines weren't damaged, and it wasn't stabbed too deeply.
Still, he took the purse.
From when he was eleven till now, Enkrid swung the sword for 16 years until his palms cracked. And yet, he lost to a twelve-year-old kid who had only trained for six months.
It would be a lie if he said he wasn't depressed. But he didn't live with a gloomy sentiment because of that.
There's no need to live so darkly and drearily, is there?
‘It's not like my arms and legs were torn off.’
Enkrid knew he wasn't a genius, but that didn't mean he gave up.
Thus, he continued his life as a swordsman.
Around ten years of mercenary life.
Even if he couldn't become an outstanding knight or swordsman, he could be a seasoned soldier.
Enkrid quit being a mercenary and received military training. That was the best choice he could make.
He couldn't possibly start farming at this point.
A third-rate swordsman from a mercenary background, it was an appropriate description.
“Do you think the military is a joke, accepting just anyone?”
Someone sneered.
“Hang in there.”
Someone patted his shoulder.
He received recognition and also fell behind.
Thus, at thirty.
In the Kingdom of Naurillia, the Cyprus Brigade.
4th Regiment, 4th Battalion, 4th Company, 4th Squadron.
Known as the Fourth-Fourth Squad, that was where Enkrid was.
Right below the Squad Leader, the position of a Decurion was Enkrid's.
Clang, clang, clang.
The night watchman struck the iron, waking up the entire barracks.
“...What a horribly unsettling dream.”
Enkrid muttered as he woke up to the sound.
“What kind of dream made you say that?”
The subordinate next to him, who was getting up from his makeshift bed made of stacked blankets, asked as he shoved his feet into his boots.
Though his attitude was lax, this friend was more skilled than himself.
“My entire life.”
“So omninous, ugh. Ah, a bug.”
There was a bug in his boots, and the subordinate, who had half-put on his shoes, took them off and shook them out before putting them back on.
Then, he looked at the bug that had fallen to the floor, spat on it, and rubbed it with his foot.
The sticky mix of bodily fluids and saliva left a mark on the floor.
Seeing that, Enkrid also got up and gathered his gear.
A cuirass with a throwing knife stuck near the heart, arm guards, shin guards, etc.
Inside, he wore an under-armor made of thickly layered cloth.
Over it, he wore armor made of leather.
The armor was made of several layers of leather, but it couldn't be considered very sturdy leather.
A well-sharpened blade could easily slice through it.
The arm guard reinforced with oiled wood was slightly better than others'.
“I heard the previous Decurion had such a dream before he died.”
Enkrid recalled hearing such rumors and muttered.
“Am I destined to die today?”
The subordinate laughed, so Enkrid flicked him on the back of his head.
“I won't die. Don't jinx it.”
He got up, poured water into a pot, and threw in a few pieces of meat jerky. Then, he added a few edible vegetables and boiled them.
Breakfast was ready.
“Is there a skirmish planned for today?”
The subordinate asked, and Enkrid shook his head.
“I don't know.”
He was just a lowly Decurion.
Above the four Decurions, there was one Squad Leader.
Probably even that Squad Leader wouldn't know.
Enkrid's swordsmanship was mediocre, and he wasn't a noble, so he stayed as a Decurion under the Squad Leader. However, his experience in the battlefield could chew up and spit out any average Company Commander.
Knowing this, the Decurion's subordinates also respected Enkrid.
“So, what did you want to be when you were a kid, boss?”
The subordinate approached and asked.
“A knight.”
“...Are you gonna hit me if I laugh?”
“I won't hit you.”
“Pfft.”
“You're laughing? You damn punk.”
Saying so, he kicked the subordinate's buttocks.
The subordinate, pretending to be hurt, said,
“I mean, a knight, really?”
What is a knight?
Someone who changes the tide of the battlefield.
A monster that stands alone against a thousand.
A hero who alone slays hundreds of enemies.
Moreover, the unit they belonged to, the brigade they were a part of, was also named after a knight.
The Cyprus Brigade, the army of Knight Cyprus.
To dream of being such a knight.
“Your dreams sure are ambitious.”
“Dreams are supposed to be ambitious, kid.”
Saying so, Enkrid nonchalantly picked up a bowl.
Today was his turn to do the dishes.
He wasn't sure about the other Decurions, but Enkrid's squad shared all the menial tasks equally.
Being a Decurion was just about receiving and relaying orders.
Usually, the person who was the best with a spear or sword did it.
In this regard, Enkrid was a bit special.
His physical strength was weaker than other squad members.
But he was able to unite those who had been almost kicked out from other squads.
Other units referred to Enkrid's squad as the "Troublemaker Squad" of the Fourth-Fourth.
Enkrid was the leader of such a squad.
“I'll help.”
“Then shut up and follow.”
“Roger that.”
The subordinate chuckled.
How did this guy end up here?
He was a unique one, but Enkrid wasn't particularly curious about his subordinate's personal history.
So he never asked.
The squad members liked this attitude of Enkrid's.
He didn't ask about the past and didn't nitpick about the present. Moreover, he didn't particularly demand anything.
Perhaps that's why all the squad members followed him.
As he was clattering and washing the dishes, the subordinate, splashing water in the stream, asked,
“Why did you want to become a knight?”
He came to help but ended up just splashing around.
Would he laugh if he answered that he was captivated by the bard's song?
After thinking for a moment, Enkrid answered,
“I wanted to be good with the sword, and I thought it would be nice to become a knight while I'm at it.”
“That’s such a young man-like sentiment.”
The subordinate snickered again.
“Will you shut your mouth?”
“So you danced with your sword morning and night for that?”
“It’s because hard work doesn't betray.”
Due to swinging the sword countless times, his palms were full of calluses.
“So, even now?”
Do you want to become a knight?
How could he? It's impossible, and he knows it better than anyone.
But he hadn't given up.
He just silently endured and moved forward.
Enkrid wasn't unaware of reality.
But the dream was silenced by reality, and the silenced Enkrid just became a soldier who lived with the sword.
“If you're done washing, let's go.”
“Let's go.”
It was a trivial conversation.
He got up and returned to the barracks.
Whether there would be a skirmish with the kingdom where local battles were ongoing.
Or maybe they would attack the recently emerged bandits targeting their supplies.
He didn't know what they would do.
‘The air feels heavy.’
The air on the battlefield is always like that.
But today, it felt even more so.
There was a lot of waiting time.
There was nothing much to do. He thought about swinging his sword, but he took a nap instead.
There are days when you don't want to do anything.
‘It's as difficult as before.’
He made relentless efforts.
This is the result.
A Decurion at the level of a third-rate mercenary.
When the sun was well past its zenith, moving westward by about two arms' length, the Squad Leader shouted,
“All members of the Fourth-Fourth, assemble.”
It was a skirmish.
The company members gathered, forming one flank of the army.
Enkrid's Decurion was no exception.
A cold tension enveloped his body.
Enkrid, holding the talisman necklace he acquired during his mercenary days, grasped it once before tucking it inside his clothes.
‘Was this supposed to save my life?’
It's probably nonsense, but soldiers heading to the battlefield tend to easily believe in superstitions.
However, if you ask Enkrid himself if he believed in this talisman, the answer would probably be doubtful.
He just saw the old woman's eyes who gave it to him and was moved by her earnest words.
‘There’s nothing to lose anyway.’
After risking his life in a fight, all he got as a reward was this mere talisman.
It was due to luck that he had killed it. If things had gone wrong, he would have been the one to die.
Despite it being a dangerous monster extermination, because it was a small slash-and-burn village, they had no money to give.
They just happened to see Enkrid passing by and begged him to deal with the monster, clinging to the hem of his clothes.
‘It's ridiculous.’
To risk his life out of sympathy, it was madness.
But Enkrid didn't regret that decision.
Because that's what a knight is.
Even if his dream was silenced and devoured by reality, leaving nothing but scars,
He wanted to be a knight.
He wanted to be a war hero.
But now, he was just an ordinary soldier.
Waaaaaaaah!
A shout erupted.
Enkrid, too, raised the veins in his neck and roared.
From the front, waves of armies rushed in.
The setting sun created a long twilight.
Breaking through that twilight light, both armies charged.
Enkrid charged as well.
“Fight while keeping your lives safe! Live!”
The ever-smiling subordinate shouted and dashed forward first.
Soon, spears and swords of both enemies and allies began tearing through each other's flesh and blood.
Today's battle was a melee.
Chapter 2: Zoetrope
Through the eyeholes of his leather helmet, Enkrid saw a black dot flying towards him.
He lifted the shield fixed to his left forearm.
Thud.
He felt the brunt of a heavy weight.
His forearm was sore from only partially deflecting the blow.
Enkrid brought his sword down on the helmet of the man who had thrown the spear.
Thwack.
The blade fell onto the shoulder of the man who had reflexively twisted his neck.
A heavy sound rang out as the blade hit the shoulder armor, and Enkrid's grip tingled.
“Guh, I'll kill you.”
The enemy soldier muttered, then swung his spear with a shortened grip.
It was a skillfully executed move.
Without a second thought, Enkrid kicked the man's stomach with the sole of his boot.
“Ugh.”
The struck man lost his balance and fell.
It was a melee, but it was much closer to a brawl.
When the front lines of friends and foes intertwined, it was natural for allies and enemies to become indistinguishable.
Thus, to fall meant to die.
Turning his gaze from the fallen enemy, Enkrid gripped his shield handle tightly and looked for his allies.
Losing one's head in the chaos meant death. Mimicking a berserker in such chaos did not make one a berserker but a corpse.
The reason Enkrid had survived for so long with his mediocre talent was that he knew his place.
‘Don't stand out.’
He blocked another incoming blade with his shield.
The metal edge dented as the blade struck the edge of the shield.
The oiled wooden shield twisted.
At best, it seemed it would be useless after a few more hits.
‘Keep the attacks short and simple.’
After blocking, Enkrid put strength into his sword-wielding hand and swung.
Thud.
Soon, he felt a heavy impact in his grip.
An unlucky enemy soldier took a blow to the head and tumbled to the side.
An ally's spear then deeply embedded itself into the fallen enemy's chest.
The gambeson, made thick with layers of cotton and linen, couldn't withstand the impact of the spear and was punctured.
The struck man struggled desperately.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The ally soldier repeated the same motion relentlessly.
Regardless of resistance, the spear was thrust powerfully from a distance.
Thunk.
Eventually, the spear pierced through the armor and embedded itself into the unfortunate enemy soldier's torso.
“Gak.”
The enemy, spewing blood, trembled and clutched at the spear that had pierced his stomach.
“Shit, let go! Fucking let go, you bastard.”
The enemy soldier held on to the spear to the very end, and the ally soldier had to abandon his weapon and pick up the one used by the enemy.
Having confirmed this, Enkrid stepped back and took a deep breath.
“Huff, huff, huff.”
He took in his position, the positions of his allies, and the positions of the enemy, picturing them in his mind.
‘Standing out means death.’
If he tried to penetrate the enemy lines with his skills, he would become mere fertilizer scattered on the battlefield. Just like the enemy soldier who had died with a hole several times larger than his navel.
The man had rushed forward in excitement, but his skills were mediocre.
Perhaps he had become overconfident after killing a few less fortunate and less skilled enemies on the battlefield.
Or maybe it was just bad luck.
After all, he had been caught by Enkrid's blade, which wasn't even aimed at him.
The ground, hardened by days without rain, was like stone.
Blood was scattered over it, but that didn't alleviate the dryness. It had been too long since the last rain.
A thirst parched his throat, and the smell of blood rose from within.
Enkrid swallowed dryly and looked for his squad members with his eyes.
Of course, looking didn't mean they would appear.
Instead.
“Uaaaaaah!”
Someone screamed.
Two steps away, he saw one of his squad members thrusting a spear.
‘What are you doing?’
The thrust itself was fine, but the man tripped over his own feet and fell.
Thump! He fell, dropping his weapon in the process.
‘Are you praying to be killed?’
The fallen man, barely able to lift his head, looked like he was praying while prostrating.
Enkrid cut off his thoughts and moved.
Stepping forward, he raised his shield, held his breath, and tensed his muscles.
Thud. Squelch.
The opponent's blade scraped against the shield. A heavy impact spread from his forearm throughout his body.
Barely blocking the blade, the oiled wooden shield split.
Enkrid threw the broken shield forward and swung his sword with all his might, left and right.
Once from right to left, and then a big swing from left to right.
Whoosh, whoosh.
Clang!
The timing of the swing from left to right caught the enemy's weapon.
Sparks flew as blade met blade, and the enemy's weapon slipped from his grasp.
That was the moment Enkrid had been waiting for. He trusted his physical strength, honed through relentless training, more than his mediocre swordsmanship.
He had trained as much as any first-rate mercenary.
This was the opportunity his strength had created, but he didn't rush in. Just as there are opportunities within crises, there are also crises within opportunities.
“Waaaah!”
The enemy, having lost his weapon, hesitated for a moment before raising his arms and charging.
He must have thought he was a bear.
Enkrid pretended to thrust with his sword, then dropped it to the ground and ducked, flipping the charging enemy over his back.
Armor, helmet, various armaments, and the weight of an adult male were all loaded onto his back.
It was heavy.
The moment he hoisted the enemy on his back, his waist and thighs screamed.
Ignoring that scream, Enkrid straightened his back with all his might.
“Ugh!”
The enemy's body flew backwards.
There was no need to look back at the fallen man.
The position Enkrid stood was one step inside the frontline formed by his allies.
On this side, one could usually encounter only three types of enemies.
First, the unlucky ones who ended up at the front because they were pushed forward.
Second, the fools filled with arrogance from several days of fighting.
Third, the real deal who lead the battle because they are confident in their skills.
The man he had just flipped was of the first type.
Having charged into the enemy lines in resignation, he was as good as dead.
Enkrid picked up a sword from the ground.
He saw the ally who had tripped over his own feet clumsily getting up.
He also saw that half of the man's helmet was neatly split.
Blood was flowing from his head.
‘Lucky bastard.’
Mere moments ago, he, who was about to die, had been saved only due to Enkrid's intervention.
In many ways, he was a lucky fellow. Moreover, he was someone Enkrid knew.
“Bell, did your head get split so you lost your mind?”
Enkrid asked.
The soldier with the half-split helmet, Bell, wiped the blood flowing over his eyes and replied.
“Krh, shit, damn. Barely survived.”
“If you barely survived, at least cover my back.”
In the midst of the battlefield, it's difficult for an ordinary soldier to read the overall situation. A Squad Leader and Decurion's main role is not to command but to relay orders to the decurion squad.
However, Enkrid had read the situation.
More precisely, he felt it.
‘This is bad.’
For countless long years, he had lived with the blood and blades of the battlefield.
Those days hadn't granted him talent in swordsmanship, but they had given him a sense of the flow of battle, albeit it was that of a rookie.
To be honest, it was purely instinct.
Still, that instinct had saved him multiple times.
‘This seems fucked up.’
“Ugh, alright then.”
Bell, wiping the blood from his head, responded and moved with a speed that was neither fast nor slow after picking up his weapon.
Bell, holding a spear, took two cautious steps forward.
Thwack.
A flash pierced through his head.
It was between the halves of the split helmet.
An arrow flew in and lodged in his head. The impact sent his eyeball flying, striking Enkrid's leather armor.
‘Ah.’
Bell died without even letting out a short gasp, mouth slightly agape.
Enkrid turned his gaze away.
To the far sky, precisely, the void. An indescribable space in between.
He saw a flashing light and a dot.
The moment he saw it, he knew it was going to pierce his head.
Enkrid closed his eyes.
How many can remain detached at the moment of death?
Enkrid was no exception.
As soon as he closed his eyes, his past life, like the dream he had last night, popped up and tried to pass by like the commonly mentioned zoetrope.
He felt time slowing down.
The noise of the battlefield faded, and even breathing seemed to slow down.
Thud, thump!
That feeling soon vanished. The zoetrope disappeared, and the noise of the battlefield returned along with normal breathing.
“Are you offering a prayer of thanks for killing you?”
It was one of his subordinates.
One of his Decurion squad.
He had pushed Enkrid aside, and the arrow had lodged in the ground.
“Rem.”
Enkrid called his name.
“Some bastard with the eyes of a hawk or feathers or something came to this battle. Watch out for the arrows.”
“Like being careful will stop me from getting hit?”
“I’ll go deal with him, just wait a bit.”
That guy was refreshingly insane.
Enkrid thought so and nodded.
“What, you haven't given up on life, have you? Skipping training and napping all day today.”
Rem said.
“Is this your concern?”
“If I saved someone who wanted to die, I’d feel uneasy.”
“Damn it, who wants to die?”
Eating sword meals wasn't the same as a suicide wish.
“You usually fight well, but at crucial moments, you close your eyes.”
“Do you think I want to close them?”
It seemed like they had a similar conversation before.
Rem held an axe in his right hand and a broken spear in his left.
He was skilled with various weapons, including swords, axes, and blunt weapons, which allowed him to be armed this way.
He raised his axe-holding right hand and scratched his head with his thumb.
It didn't look refreshing.
Because he was scratching over his helmet.
“Shit, this helmet smells fucking awful.”
“I agree with that.”
“If you feel like dying, focus harder.”
Rem said.
He often said that. Enkrid knew what those words meant.
Rem often said that at the moment one feels like dying, during that zoetrope moment, a person can focus to a superhuman extent. He advised using that in combat.
Damn, as if that was possible.
That was a talent.
To open one's eyes and face the opponent, doing what needs to be done in that instant between life and death.
“Focus, my ass.”
Enkrid said.
“Well, if you could learn by dying hundreds of times, that’d be great, but you only have one life. See you again then.”
Rem chuckled and leaped back into the battlefield.
He was good at fighting.
Enkrid refocused on the battle.
He fought with an ally soldier by his side. That was the routine.
Enkrid thrust his sword forward.
If he was lucky, it would pierce, and if he was unlucky, it would be dodged.
If neither.
Thud.
It would just be a hit with the tip of the sword.
The tip of the sword, unable to pierce the enemy's armor, pushed the enemy like a blunt weapon.
“Hmm.”
The struck enemy groaned and stepped back, and a passing ally’s war hammer hit the enemy's head.
Bang.
He cleared his mind of any distractions.
Just dealing with the swords, spears, and clubs flying towards him, not to mention blocking, dodging, and swinging his sword, made his nerves burn up.
Feeling insecure without a shield, he picked up an axe from the ground to use as a makeshift shield.
He continued to block, strike, and stab, surrounded by allies. Whenever there was a gap, he showcased the crude swordsmanship he had learned.
Moving his left foot forward, shifting his weight, keeping the tip of the sword straight without relaxing his arm.
It was a thrust.
With moderately tensed muscles, focus, and a sense to seize the moment, it could have been successful.
Ting, tiddly tiddly ting!
Enkrid's thrust was only half-successful.
‘Tch.’
He aimed for the gap between the helmet and breastplate, but the enemy moved, causing the thrust to miss.
He managed to create a long cut on the enemy's neck, but it was hard to consider it fatal.
The bloodied enemy turned his venom-filled eyes towards Enkrid.
Those eyes were filled with malice. The enemy silently gritted his teeth.
‘Danger.’
The battlefield instinct spoke.
As Enkrid backed away, another ally soldier filled the gap.
The enemy crouched silently and punched the shin of the ally blocking his way with a fist holding a knife.
Crack.
It was the sound of bones breaking.
“Ugh!”
As the ally with the broken shin fell, the enemy soldier drew a dagger and stabbed it into the ally's neck.
He stabbed and withdrew smoothly, as if it were a scene set in a play.
Blood spurted, soaking the enemy's breastplate.
The enemy simply pushed the dead soldier aside.
‘Ah.’
Zoetrope.
The boundary between life and death.
Beyond the light-emitting lamp, countless images darted by. Those images were Enkrid's life.
Like the dream he had last night.
At the end of that life, as everything passed by, the enemy's blade pierced Enkrid's neck.
It was the same thrust he had demonstrated.
It was a perfect thrust, at least in Enkrid's view.
A burning pain surged from his neck throughout his body.
Enkrid faced the moment between life and death and realized what Rem's mentioned concentration was.
But it was too late.
‘Was it something you had to die to learn?’
He cursed Rem inwardly and closed his eyes, thinking.
No, his heart moved on its own.
Longing, craving, yearning.
‘I wanted to be good with the sword.’
‘I wanted to be a knight.’
‘I wanted to be a hero.’
In the end, Enkrid, who couldn't become any of those, was supposed to earn a decent living and settle down in a moderate village to build a house and live.
But he didn't do that. He couldn't.
The passion boiling in his chest wouldn't allow him to.
Until the very last moment, he squandered the money earned from the blood on the battlefield on places like fencing schools.
‘I could have done better.’
If there was more time.
During the time others slept, the time those so-called prodigies or geniuses played, he thought he should swing more.
At the last moment of the zoetrope, the face of the person he had saved single-handedly for the first and last time popped up.
“The amulet will move according to the knight's wishes.”
The gift of the amulet came from the village chief of the slash-and-burn village.
The old woman with a few missing front teeth, making a whistling sound as she spoke.
Regret and longing mixed, filling his chest with an emotion he had never felt before.
Regret.
‘Would things have changed if I had swung the sword a few more times?’
The word death settled in his body. Beyond the closed eyes, he saw a black river.
And Enkrid regretted taking a nap instead of swinging his sword that afternoon.
Perhaps if he had done a bit more then, the last thrust might have been successful.
A faceless boatman sat on a ferry over the black river.
The boatman asked.
“Do you really think so?”
Hm?
“You're interesting.”
Erm?
“Then let's do that.”
The mouthless boatman said. It was unclear where the sound came from. The area around the mouth was just dark, as if wearing a black mask.
Enkrid couldn't say a word.
He lost consciousness and opened his eyes again.
Clang, clang, clang.
It was the sound of the night guard striking iron.
Precisely, the sound of a ladle hitting a pot.
The familiar sound that woke up the morning.
“......”
Silently looking to the side.
“Did you have a shitty dream or something?”
His bunkmate, Rem, got up from the makeshift bed and shoving his feet into his boots, grumbled.
“Ah, a bug.”
A bug in the boots.
Enkrid blinked.
It was too real to be called a dream, as events whirled through his mind.
“Ptooey.”
Rem spat on the bug he had shaken off and crushed it with his foot.
On the floor, a mix of the bug's body fluid and saliva remained.
Chapter 3: A Day
A day just like yesterday.
‘Was it a dream?’
It was too vivid to be a dream, wasn't it?
He was dumbfounded. Whether it was a dream or reality, he faced the battlefield after spending an entire day similar to yesterday.
On top of that, it was a melee. Fighting in a similar position made it feel like overlapping illusions reflexively.
‘Didn't this happen yesterday as well?’
He stopped mid-thought and shook his head.
It must have been a dream.
Was he lucky to have had a prophetic dream?
‘Is it right to consider having prophetic dreams lucky?’
He did not know. It's impossible to know now.
Enkrid was confused.
Especially when the oiled shield split.
"Damn, nearly got killed."
When Bell said that, it felt even more so.
"Bell, did your head split open and cause you to lose your brain?"
He spit out the words he reflexively remembered.
"What the hell are you talking about?"
Bell scrambled to his feet. Enkrid looked at Bell and thought.
Bell is going to die soon.
Should he just watch it happen?
He watched.
It felt unreal, so he let it be.
A flash burst Bell's head open, his eyeball flying out and hitting Enkrid's chest again.
"If you lose focus, what are you planning to do?"
Rem saved him again.
"What?"
"Have you finally lost it?"
Rem twirled his finger around his ear. He could see the axe in his hand.
"Some bastard with the eyes of a hawk or feathers or something came to this battle, so I need to deal with him. Geez, you're so worrisome I feel like you might die any moment."
"Worry about yourself."
I snapped back reflexively, and Rem walked away with a puzzled shake of his head.
"Focus, will you? You never listen."
Muttering to himself, Rem left.
He stood on the battlefield, picking up an axe that had fallen to the ground in his left hand and holding a sword in his right. It felt uncomfortable.
And so, he endured.
An enemy soldier closed the distance in front of him. It happened in an instant— he sure knew how to use his feet. There was a fencing master who used to say something like that. Seven-tenths of fencing was in the feet, wasn't it?
As the blade came into view, Enkrid once again faced the moment of death.
In that fleeting moment, concentration shone, and he saw a point. The point shrank, then quickly grew larger. Enkrid watched it until the end until the point turned into a blade piercing through his neck.
"Ah."
No scream or groan came out. His throat was pierced. Only the sound of air escaping could be heard from his throat. Excruciating pain spread from his throat throughout his body. Enkrid clutched his throat and collapsed to the ground. Blood gushed out profusely.
"Mercy."
The enemy soldier watched for a moment then plunged the tip of his sword into his head.
Darkness came again.
And Enkrid heard it again.
Clang, clang, clang.
The sound of a ladle hitting a pot.
"I'd like to ask why your eyes look like that since morning."
Rem was next to him, holding his boots.
It was another day. The same day.
'Was it a dream?’
"Did you have a shitty dream or something?"
"Right, was it just a dream?"
"Ah, ugh, a bug."
Rem shook a bug off his boot, spat, and stomped on it.
It was the third time he saw this scene.
Enkrid didn't put on his boots or gear. He just sat there, blankly.
‘Is this supposed to be a dream?’
The day started over again.
Bell died, and Rem saved him.
Rem left to find an archer with a nickname related to a part of an eagle's body.
An enemy soldier, good with a sword, blocked his way.
"What are you?"
Enkrid asked.
The enemy didn't answer, he just thrust his sword. The thrusting was as admirable as ever each time he saw it.
Thump.
His heart was beating and his concentration increased. Enkrid could see the tip of the sword more clearly than before. He twisted his body to avoid it.
Creak!
The result wasn't great. The elegant thrust didn't pierce Enkrid's neck but tore a large gash beside it. A burning pain spread from his neck throughout his body. He fell to the ground again.
Blood poured out.
"Mercy."
The sword fell towards his head.
Clang, clang, clang!
"Ah!"
He woke up screaming.
The pain was real. Enkrid rubbed his neck.
"A nightmare? Did a witch take your virginity or something?"
Rem made a ridiculous joke.
"There's a bug in your boot."
Enkrid covered half his face with his hand and said.
The pain of dying was one thing but he couldn't fathom what was happening.
"What? How did you know?"
Rem dumped the bug from his boot onto the ground, spat, and stomped on it.
“I just know.”
“Are you a prophet?"
"Nah.”
He waved his hand as he spoke.
Enkrid was about to go out after getting ready but stopped.
"Rem."
"What's the matter?"
"My head hurts too much. Take care of your meals, and if someone looks for me, tell them I'm sick in the barracks."
“Sure, if you want to slack off that badly.”
Rem chuckled. He was a friend with a hearty laugh.
If this isn't a dream.
If it's something that repeats after death.
Is that possible? Can such a thing happen?
Enkrid needed time to think.
He went back into the barracks, took off his gear, and sat down. He thought and thought again. How could this happen?
‘Why is this happening?’
He remembered something and rummaged through his pockets. It wasn't there. The necklace he received from the village chief of the slash-and-burn farmers was gone.
'Is it because of that?’
A desire? A wish?
‘A blessing?’
No, can this be called a blessing?
It's just the day repeating.
Even if it's about blessings, or so-called Blessing Artifacts, Enkrid had heard about them, but never seen such a case first-hand.
‘Isn't it more like a curse rather than a blessing?’
Thinking, Enkrid stroked his neck.
It hurted terribly. It was damn painful every time he died. His head felt like it was about to explode with complex thoughts.
Skipping lunch, Rem came in with food.
"What's wrong? Are you really slacking off?"
He seemed to imply that couldn't be the case. Enkrid was known as a hard worker here.
"Yeah."
"Really?"
Enkrid nodded twice.
"Well, that's unusual. In that case, rest. There's a fight late in the afternoon, so rest well until then. I'll cover for you, so get yourself together."
Rem left.
Time passed. Enkrid’s thoughts couldn't be organized. This wasn't the type of thing that could be organized just by thinking about it.
Ahhh!
Shouts were heard. The ground shook. The battle had started. Enkrid had no intention of going out. If he went out, he’d die from that thrust.
And so, he tried to hold out.
But he couldn't do that forever. It wasn't right to turn away from the battlefield just because he was a disposable soldier feeling unwell.
"Everyone, get ready and head out! It's battle time!"
There was a sentinel patrolling inside the barracks. Enkrid equipped himself with his gear and went out.
He fought again.
This time, he fought far behind where he was yesterday. Neither Bell nor Rem were in sight as he endured.
Suddenly, the front lines were thrown into disarray. The enemy's movement was unusual. The ally forces were being pushed back.
Before he knew it, Enkrid was on the front lines.
And then, he encountered that guy again.
Was it a coincidence, or was it inevitable?
He did not know, but it was certain that wherever he went on the battlefield, he would either die or meet this guy.
So, it wasn't about 'why' anymore but 'how.'
How to survive, and not why they meet.
A thrust came.
The blade came flying.
‘What was the name of that technique?’
Rem had once told him to focus on the technique, saying that knowing just this would prevent you from easily dying on the battlefield.
He also said that even if you're trapped in a monster's den, you need to calmly catch your breath.
What Enkrid was trying now was something Rem had taught him. Something about the heart.
The name grazed his thoughts, it was almost within reach but not quite there.
This skill, whose name he couldn't even remember, shone once again. Enkrid realized he was holding his breath while watching the blade.
Thump.
His heart pounded. He saw the timing and angle at which the blade would pierce his neck.
He threw himself to the side and rolled on the ground in a rather unsightly manner, but he survived.
The joy was short-lived, though.
Thump!
A blow to the back of his head followed by excruciating pain occurred. His head felt numb. He didn't even realize he had fallen to the ground.
Another enemy soldier had swung his axe at his helmet from behind.
After getting hit, as he looked up dazedly,
"Mercy."
The bastard with the thrust plunged his blade into him again.
Thud.
Clang, clang, clang!
His eyes opened once again.
The day repeated itself again.
‘Don't think about it.’
Whether the necklace was a blessing or a curse, don't think about it. Don't think about what's happening either.
There are only two things to think about right now.
Surviving on the battlefield.
And doing whatever it takes for that.
"There's a bug in your boot."
"Huh? A prophet?"
"What was that thing? The one you tried to teach me before."
Blink, blink.
Rem blinked and then said,
"Heart of the Beast?"
That's right. That was the name.
Heart of the Beast.
How could a mere human heart keep one's eyes wide open on a battlefield where spears, swords, and axes fly?
If you harbor the Heart of the Beast, you can do it, so do it.
I recalled what Rem had said.
"Teach me again."
"Huh?"
Rem was dumbfounded.
He understood Rem.
Once, he had desperately wanted to learn, and charmed by his enthusiasm, Rem had eagerly agreed to teach.
In the end, Enkrid learned nothing, and Rem taught nothing. Not closing your eyes in the blink of a moment was the basis of training. Keeping your eyes open until the brink of death wasn't something that could be done with ordinary courage.
It wasn't just about keeping your eyes open.
In his view, Rem's skills were better than those of an average first-rate mercenary.
The essence of his training was to watch and dodge the axe until it almost split his skull.
"Let's do it, training."
Passion ignited in Enkrid's eyes. A flame was kindled in his heart.
‘Do we really need to distinguish between a blessing and a curse?’
He knew he had no talent. And time was fair to everyone.
Therefore, a fool cannot beat a genius.
But what if time wasn't fair?
Even if it's a curse, it was a rope. A rope to move forward.
"Alright. I've been feeling like a dog who lost its bone lately, but seeing you so energetic today gives me strength too."
Rem stood up and said,
"Let's start right after breakfast."
"Well, then."
After eating breakfast and washing the dishes, and exchanging ridiculous words about dreams of being a knight, Rem laughed at it.
And then it was time for the lesson.
“Did you forget the training method?"
"Not at all."
It was so impressive that Enkrid even had nightmares because of Rem's training. Nightmares about that damn axe splitting his neck.
"Let's go."
The essence of the training was simple.
When the axe aimed to behead, keep your eyes wide open and dodge. If Rem made a mistake, Enkrid would die.
Originally, the fear prevented him from doing it properly. But now, the situation was a bit different.
"Even if I die, it's just clang, clang, clang again."
It was time to lose all fear. The concentration he learned from the first death, awakening the Heart of the Beast.
Enkrid's heart began to beat. The startled heartbeat calmed down. A beast doesn't easily get startled. The slowed heartbeat brought calmness.
Calmness, the core of the Heart of the Beast. A calm mind captures the trajectory of the axe blade. Training to control the body, he had been doing it non-stop.
Watching the trajectory and dodging wasn't difficult.
The axe blade sliced through the air. Enkrid timed it, stepped back with his right foot and pulled his body back.
The axe passed in front of him.
"......Did you practice secretly?"
Rem asked.
"A little."
"Good, good. But your timing was a bit early just now. You have to dodge at the last moment."
It was training to thicken the skin of the heart.
Rem swung the axe.
Enkrid waited until the timing when the axe seemed about to slice his neck and then dodged.
"Wow, even in our tribe, only a few could learn and do this. It's amazing."
The morning training ended. Rem patted Enkrid's shoulder.
"Well done. With this level, you can handle the clumsy ones in real combat."
"What about those who are not clumsy?"
"What do you mean?”
"What would happen if I met such a person?"
"Are you asking because you don't know?"
Seeing Enkrid stare, Rem continued. His eyes seemed to say, "Why are you like this today?"
"Run away."
Yes, escape.
It's madness to confront a stronger opponent on the battlefield head-on. Enkrid had survived so far because he was observant and knew his place.
And now,
"Wouldn't it be better to practice against a not-so-clumsy opponent? Like this?"
"If you train like that, even a hundred lives wouldn't be enough."
Rem chuckled. Hearing his laughter, Enkrid thought,
It felt like he just gained hundreds of lives.
Whether it's a blessing or a curse.
‘If it can be used, use it all.’
That's how Enkrid had lived until now. Having lived that way, that was the plan even now.
To face that thrust.
That was the plan. Wasn't it a good training partner? The pain of death was terrible, but the payoff was just as great.
Enkrid felt the joy of growth for the first time in years.
A satisfaction that filled his heart to the brim.
A sense of fulfillment incomparable even to drugs.
Chapter 4: The Heart of the Beast
"The entire army, assemble! Fourth Squad, gather!"
The Squad Leader's call resonated in front of the barracks. A day filled with fulfillment began to draw to a close. It was already late afternoon, with the sun starting to set in the west.
"In simpler terms, this isn't something you can learn with just your body. So practicing for a hundred days is useless, but considering you've managed to learn this much through training, it's hard to say you lack talent, right?"
As they moved following the Squad Leader's call, Rem spoke seriously, uncharacteristic of him.
"Is that so?"
Enkrid merely retorted.
Telling Rem the truth about what happened would make it hard to believe, and even if it was believable, it would be problematic.
What if the story spread?
Perhaps it would be if it were truly a divine blessing, but if any slight mis-happening occurred, Enkrid would be facing an inquisitor. And what good could come from meeting with those inquisitors? At best, he'll be burned at the stake, but at worst, a torture party would await him. No one wants to be nailed and have their fingernails pulled out.
Enkrid was no exception.
During his mercenary days, he had seen many unjustly accused of heresy. He had even helped a few of them from behind the scenes. People usually ended up scoffing, saying that he might as well commit suicide. It was that dangerous, but he did it anyway because it was the right thing to do. If he didn't, there would be no reason to live as a swordsman.
"What's with that expression? You look utterly displeasing. Did you find a gold bar or something? Are you planning to slip by today? You know it's bad to do that alone, right?"
A gold bar...
He had obtained something better than that.
"Shut up and let's go."
It was time to move since the assembly order had been issued. Enkrid roughly wiped the sweat off his forehead with his sleeve. Putting on a helmet now would likely result in an awful smell but he couldn't just go to the stream to clean up in this situation. Rem, standing next to him, didn't even seem to sweat. What kind of training makes one like that?
Enkrid belonged to the Fourth Squad. He moved to his squad's position.
'Will it work?'
Learning it in a day was impossible but he had grasped some tricks thanks to being stabbed to death.
"We are!"
The Squad Leader shouted.
"Going to win!"
The Squad Leader was a harmless, compliant man. He was a person who followed orders from above without question.
The gates to the battlefield were about to open again. As the sun set in the west and twilight set in, his heart trembled.
Why?
Enkrid asked himself.
The answer came quickly.
Fear.
He was stabbed to death three times. That pain, that dizziness, didn't seem like something one could get used to, no matter how many times it happened.
Enkrid stroked his neck. It burned even though there was no wound, like he had swallowed a blade.
"Why? Do you feel like you can't keep your head?"
Rem whispered next to him.
"Get a grip. This is a battlefield."
Enkrid stepped forward as the command "Advance all troops!" was given. Rem matched his steps beside him.
"Tension stiffens the body. Didn't I teach you not to be like that?"
He was right, and that's what was annoying.
The Heart of a Beast.
They say not many can learn it even if taught.
He suppressed his pounding heart and regulated his breathing to match his steps.
"Yeah, do it like that. Let's survive today too. Dreaming big, captain."
Hearing Rem's words, Enkrid resolved not to talk about wanting to be a knight if he died again today.
It was the battlefield again, the start of melee combat. The same day passed yet again. For Enkrid, it was the fourth time on the same day. He gave up on preventing his shield from splitting. What was the point of a shield? To block the enemy's sword, spear, or axe, not to save it for later use.
'In that case...’
His thoughts were long. Suddenly, something whizzed in front of him. Without even letting out a grunt, he leaned back and thrust his shield forward. Strength involuntarily filled his body.
Bang!
The incoming spear hit the edge of the shield. It was a close call, he had escaped very narrowly. His left shoulder stung. It was a spear. A powerful strike.
The enemy pulled back the spear and thrust again. Normally, his body would have remained stiff. Then he would have blocked it stiffly again, leading to a continuous crisis but his mind calmed down. Thanks to that, he could see the spear.
It was half the speed of the thrust that had killed him. So, there was no reason he couldn't dodge it. He watched the tip of the spear until the last moment, then merely tilted his head.
Swoosh.
The spear brushed past the side of his helmet. It was a trick he had never performed before in his life. The heart of a beast does not easily get excited.
Doing just a small movement to dodge gave him some leisure on the battlefield. The leisure of mind also provided him with a new perspective.
Enkrid's eyes caught the gap between the helmet and the breastplate of the person who had thrown the spear. It was just a glimpse of the jawline, not a wide gap. But it wasn't narrow either.
It was enough for a blade to fit through.
He thrust his sword upwards.
There was no significant skill needed.
Thud.
From below to above, the blade sliced the chin through the throat.
"Gurgle."
The enemy spat out blood and pieces of his severed tongue. A stab exploiting a gap doesn't require great strength. Enkrid, reminded of this, recalled what his fencing instructor had once said.
"If you can avoid an opponent's attack with minimal movement, what follows becomes easier."
It was a rather expensive fencing school, but there wasn't much taught. Even those few things that had been thought, Enkrid once thought of them as nonsense.
'It was worth the money.'
One of those pieces of nonsense became reality. The short movement of avoidance and attack was effective. He pushed the enemy's abdomen with his foot and pulled out the sword. Blood gushed more profusely from the hole created under the jaw and the enemy collapsed backward.
"This bastard!"
Another one charged from behind. Enkrid didn't gasp or react hastily.
'Six steps.'
Enkrid measured the steps between him and the enemy and raised his sword, drawing across the straps fixed to his left forearm.
Click, click.
Swoosh.
Click, click.
After drawing twice, the fixed straps were cut. Wrapping the forearm with straps to keep the shield in place was a trick he learned for survival. This way, even in the midst of melee combat, the shield could hardly be lost.
But it was unnecessary now.
The enemy charged and Enkrid threw his shield.
Bang!
===
WE TRIED TRANSLATIONS
Translator: Ryuu
Editor: Abstract
Discord: https://dsc.gg/wetried
===
The spear-wielding enemy, startled by the sudden flying shield, pulled back his hands. Naturally, the spear in his hands also retreated, slowing down his pace. The broad shield, though only for a moment, was enough to obscure the enemy's vision.
Having thrown the shield, Enkrid moved two large steps to the left while the enemy's vision was obscured.
The helmet was meant to protect the head but it narrowed the peripheral vision. Enkrid had experienced the sudden disappearance of an enemy right in front of him several times. He utilized that trick to deceive the enemy's eyes, ducking down and flipping the opponent over as if supporting and pushing them from below. He had used the same move on the first day he died.
This time, he executed it more cleanly. To the right of the enemy. Before charging, Enkrid observed the enemy's hands. The front of the long spear shaft was held in the left hand, the right hand behind it. It was an indication of a right-handed person.
Things that wouldn't normally be noticeable were now visible. The calmness provided a new perspective. These were tricks occasionally used in small skirmishes or duels, but hard to apply in the chaos of melee combat. They were insights gained from surviving as a mercenary.
A right-handed spearman finds it difficult to swing the spear to the right.
The enemy blocked by the shield frantically turned his head left and right. He was startled. Understandably so, since the opponent in front of him had suddenly disappeared.
Soon, the enemy's eyes caught Enkrid and found him again. As the enemy turned his head left and right and was startled, Enkrid slashed diagonally from behind the enemy's head towards the front of his chest.
Thwack!
The enemy's armor was the type that blocked the back of the neck. The thin layer of leather over thick cloth prevented his neck from being completely severed. The blade was half-buried in the back of his neck.
"Cough, cough, ah."
The enemy's eyes were visible. They were eyes wide with shock. His eyes were round. Blood poured out from the half-severed neck. Even with his neck half cut, the spearman reflexively swung his spear. The spear shaft lightly hit Enkrid's right shoulder.
There was no impact. The man was already half dead, and the angle of movement made it difficult to put strength into the spear shaft.
Enkrid pulled out the sword.
Crunch.
It must have been stuck in a bone, requiring quite a bit of force. Flesh and blood clung to the withdrawn blade.
Enkrid glanced at the battlefield’s situation and picked up a shield with a chipped corner from the ground. He had that much leeway now.
'It works.'
It was too easy. Normally, one couldn't show even half their skill on the battlefield. How could one move as usual in the midst of a life-and-death struggle? Sometimes there are those who become even crazier, but most are bound to panic. Until his third death, Enkrid had been the same, but now things were a bit different.
'It will work.'
That thrust, it seemed worth trying. What Enkrid did didn't change the course of the battlefield. It was just one soldier who fought a little better. There was no change in the situation, but it was a significant change for Enkrid personally.
After felling a couple of enemy soldiers.
"Argh!"
Bell fell again.
A moment of leisure allowed him to catch himself.
"Are you alright?"
"Damn, there's some rock here."
It was a dry plain. It's not uncommon for rocks to jut out. However, Bell tripped over his feet, so Bell was the fool for falling.
"Be alert."
Enkrid grabbed Bell's hand and pulled him up.
"Thanks to you, I survived."
Enkrid didn't loosen his grip on Bell's hand.
"...Let go of my hand."
Bell's eyes were visible beneath the half-split helmet, stained with blood. The flash was an arrow, and that arrow pierced Bell's head. Enkrid had seen it before, but in the chaos of battle, noticing an incoming arrow was difficult. It was an incredibly hard task.
Enkrid tried to pull the hand he was holding. Bell staggered, losing balance, but managed to stand firm by exerting force.
Thwack.
His head shattered. An arrow flew and smashed Bell's head. Blood splattered on the breastplate. As soon as Enkrid saw Bell's head burst, he ducked his head.
Whoosh! Something passed over his head.
It must have been an arrow.
An arrow thudded into the corpse of a dead ally behind him.
"Did you offer prayers to the goddess of luck before coming?"
Rem's voice was heard immediately after he dodged.
He couldn't protect Bell's head, but he saved his own. Of course, even if he hadn't, Rem would have saved him. It was the same situation even on the fourth try.
"Something like that."
He vaguely answered, and Rem snickered.
His teeth were visible through the helmet. Rem was a pretty boy in appearance, but his speech and actions were unbearably harsh.
"Alright. The archer who shot these arrows is said to be the Hawk's Nipple or something, so I'm going to find him. Pray ten more times to the goddess for me."
"If you die on the way, I'll pray for you too."
"Then I'm grateful. Don't forget this."
Rem tapped his left chest with the handle of his sword and headed back into battle.
To catch the Hawk's Eye or Claw.
Hoping he could ask Rem tonight whether he managed to kill the archer who fired those arrows, Enkrid nodded as Rem disappeared into the fray.
Where Rem had vanished, both allies and enemies swarmed in, closing the gaps. As the space tightened, Enkrid judged that the flow of the battlefield was hardly favorable.
He had already experienced this three times. The allies were being pushed back, but there was only one thing to do.
To survive.
Enkrid felt a strange excitement enveloping him. It wouldn't be long before he met that skilled soldier again. Soon enough, that moment became reality. That thrust aimed at his head once more. Instead of dodging, Enkrid thrust his own blade towards the incoming blade.
Ting, ting, ting.
Sparks flew in the air. Enkrid locked eyes with the enemy.
You blocked this?
As if asking with his eyes.
"You're quite skilled."
The enemy spoke and thrust his sword again.
Once, twice, and thrice.
The first was blocked with a shield, the second dodged by rolling to the side, and the third countered by swinging the sword in reverse. Enkrid's short-path blade drew only air. And the moment the enemy withdrew his arm, something struck Enkrid's back from behind.
Thwack!
"Agh."
A cry escaped involuntarily, which he bit back.
Then another thrust came. Deliberately shifting his weight forward, he attempted to roll forward as if falling over. The intent was good, but the timing was off.
Thump.
The blade pierced the clavicle next to his neck. It felt as if a hot iron had been thrust through flesh and bone.
"Agh!"
He couldn't even scream from the intense pain. As he reached to grab the embedded blade, the opponent swiftly withdrew it. The blade, well-sharpened during routine maintenance perhaps, was extremely sharp. Withdrawing the sword brought an even more excruciating pain. The pain was so severe it whitened his vision. Enkrid clenched his teeth and turned around.
He saw a large enemy soldier standing awkwardly, holding a club. That must have been what struck his back.
"Mercy."
The man who had killed him three times said this as he vertically positioned his sword for a strike.
That was the end.
His eyes closed. Darkness seeped in front of him.
Clang, clang, clang.
The sound of a ladle hitting a pot echoed again.
"The fifth time."
Damn it.
It seemed doable.
"What's the fifth time?"
Rem asked beside him.
“There are bugs in the boots."
As Enkrid spoke, he got up.
He had died again, but he had learned something. No, it was the lesson he had paid for in gold coins at the fencing schools. Nothing works the first time.
So what should be done?
If not in one, then in ten; if not in ten, then a hundred attempts would work. Normally, one death would have been the end.
Fortunately, Enkrid could repeat this endlessly.
Chapter 5: Vallen Style Swordsmanship
"Eh? Huh? How did you not get it?"
"I'm not a prophet."
At Enkrid's response, Rem shook the bug out of his boots and confidently stated,
"Did the Squad Leader put it in?"
"I didn't put it in."
"Tch."
Rem's skeptical gaze lingered, but Enkrid paid it no mind; it wasn't important.
Enkrid crushed the bug Rem had dropped with his foot.
Squish.
The unpleasant sensation traveled up from the sole of his boot.
"Ptui."
Enkrid then spat on it, mixing the bug's remains with the dirt on the ground and asked,
"Can you teach me 'Heart of the Beast'?"
"Hm? You remember that?"
Getting up and putting on his boots, Rem inquired.
"It's not something that’s easily forgotten."
"When did you fill your stomach with liquor, wanting to forget stuff?"
There will come a time for that. The scenes of being decapitated by an axe in his dreams made life unbearable.
"Can you teach me or not?"
"You're especially enthusiastic today. Alright, let's do it."
Rem nodded in agreement.
"Jaxon, can you take over the morning duties? I'll do it tomorrow."
Eating was necessary for strength, but there was no need to waste time on tasks like dishwashing.
"Yes, of course."
Jaxon, a squad member who got along well with everyone and had a remarkably easygoing nature, agreed. When Enkrid first saw him, he thought Jaxon played a mediating role in this place. Jaxon brushed off his light brown hair and stepped out of the tent. Watching him leave, Rem snorted,
"That guy gives me a bad vibe."
If Jaxon had performed his role as a mediator well, perhaps Enkrid wouldn't have ended up here. Jaxon got along better with other squads than with his own, except for Enkrid. For some reason, Enkrid seemed to have the trust of his own squad members. Whether it was because he silently took care of various requests or because of his lackluster skills that doomed him to a lifetime as a Squad Leader, Enkrid wasn't sure. He simply thought it must be one of those two reasons.
Following Rem out of the tent, Enkrid pondered,
"It's unsettling how well he gets along with the 1st Squad. It's best to keep your distance from such people."
And what about you?
Enkrid only thought this to himself.