"A skill honed through countless repetitions."
It was more like a technique mastered at the risk of one's life rather than something learned. Not a matter of talent, but of overwhelming effort.
"He lacked talent."
If luck piled up tens or hundreds of times, it wouldn't be impossible.
If you survived countless stabbings in front of your eyes, you could move like that.
Everything else was a mess, but the stabbing was passable.
But does this make sense?
"With that kind of skill?"
Surviving on the battlefield repeatedly? To learn at the risk of one's life meant he narrowly survived many times. It was a movement that could only be shown by colliding and breaking against stronger opponents countless times.
Does this make sense?
No, it doesn't.
That's why it piqued his interest.
"I'd like to see him again."
General Frog didn't think it would happen. The goddess of luck was unfair. She was partial. She sometimes favored someone with luck. But even luck had its limits.
"He must have used up his lifetime’s luck."
There would be no next time. That didn't mean he would die today thoufhy. Even though he kicked him in a fit of excitement, the guy somehow blocked it. Seeing the two who came to protect him in the end, he didn't seem like he would die on the battlefield now.
But it wouldn't last long. Even if you recklessly challenged someone better than you, your skill might improve, but you'd need hundreds of lives.
"General."
"Let's eat."
Frog stopped thinking about that matter. It was time to focus on something else. In other words, it was time to eat and strategize. The blonde lieutenant nodded at the general's words.
"Let's go. I'll prepare the meal."
He saw the ferryman.
Enkrid realized he was sitting on a ferry.
"A dream?"
He had experienced this once before, hadn't he? It was a rather old memory. When was it?
"When I first woke up again."
The ferryman without a mouth. A curious voice. He recalled the faint memory.
"Back then."
He thought it was just a meaningless dream. What was the importance of meeting a ferryman in a dream?
"You survived another day?"
The boatman spoke. Just like back then, Enkrid couldn't say a word. It seemed that all he could do here was listen.
"Even with eyes, you cannot see. Even with a mouth, you cannot speak. Even with ears, you cannot hear."
The boatman spoke as if singing. The words were mixed with melody and rhythm. He couldn't even blink. None of his senses moved as he wished. It was stifling and frustrating.
"What can I do now?"
In a dream, shouldn't you be able to cast spells from your hand or something? It was a dream, but not a dream. Realizing this, Enkrid knew that all he could do was listen.
"Can you keep enduring? Can you do that? You will be blocked continuously."
He didn't understand what was being said. Didn't the ferryman just say he couldn't hear properly even though he had ears?
"You still can't hear my name."
He looked at the ferryman. A blurry figure appeared over the black veil. Like dew on a spring morning, drops seemed to block his vision. It was that blurry. All black. At first, he thought the ferryman just had no mouth, but he had nothing.
"What you can hear now is my whim and goodwill."
He said, giggling. It wasn't that he saw him laugh. It felt like the ferryman was letting him know he was laughing.
"So what?"
"Child, nothing has ended, and you cannot escape. The 'wall' blocking your path will always be there. It will become your destiny."
The word wall sounded strange. It felt like he actually said something else but Enkrid heard it as ‘wall.’ What is this?
"Can you survive?"
He had no idea what nonsense this was.
"Of course."
Oh? He could talk? There was no need to question it. The ferryman seemed more surprised.
"You..."
The ferryman whispered something, but Enkrid's mind soon became hazy.
Splash.
The ferry disappeared. Enkrid fell into deep water. Over the water, beyond the dew, a black mass conveyed words, no, it conveyed will.
"This won't stay in your memory. But."
Snicker snicker.
The ferryman laughed and continued speaking.
"You're really interesting."
And that was it. As he fell into the deep water, Enkrid lost consciousness. He was drawn into the deep abyss.
"...Who is the hero of this battlefield?"
"Cyprus!"
"Who is the master of this battlefield?"
"Cyprus!"
"Who runs towards tomorrow?"
"Cyprus!"
"Who delivers the verdict!"
It was a song. A cheerful tune, deep voice, with perfect rhythm.
"A marching song?"
No, it wasn't.
He had learned a few marching songs since joining this unit, but this wasn't one of them. What he learned here was more like a rhythmic chant than a song.
We will win!
Blessed by the invincible sun!
With the power of the heavenly god!
Something like that. No melody, just a shout with rhythm. But now there was melody and rhythm. It was a familiar song.
"A bard's song."
Not all bards are the same. Some take sides and follow the army to boost morale. This must be one of those times. What bard would want to make and sing a praise song for Cyprus? Moreover, that bard wouldn't have even seen the knight Cyprus.
"You're awake?"
Turning to the voice, he saw Rem. His side ached like crazy. When he tried to lift his hand to touch it, Rem grabbed it.
"It didn't break, just barely. Instead, they say your head got quite a shake. Here, how many fingers?"
Rem wiggled his fingers.
"Go eat shit."
Enkrid tried to process the situation.
"Today" was over.
Accepting that fact alone was mentally exhausting. He couldn't entertain Rem's jests.
"See, he's out of it. It's me, Rem, your eternal buddy."
"You crazy bastard."
"You forgot me? That's too harsh."
Enkrid closed his eyes for a moment and opened them again. He had survived ‘today.’ Which meant that a day had passed. His mind was in turmoil. The dream was too chaotic.
"Didn't he say I wouldn't remember?"
But it was all too clear.
Black water, a ferry, the ferryman without eyes, nose, or a mouth. He remembered everything the ferryman said. It felt a bit hazy, like a distant memory. He had a good memory from his childhood. Enkrid remembered everything.
"I haven't forgotten. The noble hunter."
Reciting what was once Rem's nickname made him stop joking.
"Shh, I said that's a secret."
Finally, the jesting stopped. He looked at him with reproachful eyes as if asking why he brought that up. Enkrid composed himself.
First.
"What happened to me?"
Finally, he got a proper explanation. A dead soldier, dramatically improved skills, and Frog.
"The frog intervened?"
He had been a mercenary for years but had never seen a frog-man in person. Of course, he had never been hit by a frog-man either. It was a miracle that all his ribs weren't broken.
What do you do if you meet a frog as an enemy on the battlefield?
"Run."
"Hide."
"Die."
Three experienced mercenaries gave different answers, but the conclusion was the same. If you can't run or hide, you die. Frog-men were that dangerous and terrifying. That's what combat species were like.
Be it giants, dragonkin, or elves, every species had superior abilities compared to humans, but it was mostly humans who reached the level of knights. That's why humans held the largest power on this continent.
"After that, I 'personally' carried you off the battlefield. It was a rough road. Almost died."
If it had been truly dangerous, he wouldn't be speaking like this.
"I owe you."
"If you understand that, you could do the dishes for ten turns."
This bastard, really. Enkrid sighed inwardly but nodded. Despite telling him to leave, Rem didn't get up easily. He had the same smiling face as usual.
"Did you practice alone? When I wasn't looking?"
What nonsense is this? Enkrid thought as he looked at him.
"Your heart was ripened?"
Huh?
"Didn't I teach you?"
"Oh!"
Enkrid realized that Rem had been watching him. Well, he had seen him, so he could help in time.
"It just happened. After surviving a few close calls, I figured it out."
He had thought of dozens of plausible excuses. This was the most convincing one. It was also the truth without any lies. Just slightly understated. Saying he didn't survive those close calls and died wouldn't make sense.
"Well done."
Rem finally stood up.
"Rest well. Your body needs to recover for the next time."
Enkrid finally looked around. He was in the medical tent. A place where the injured gathered. Should he try to get up? As he tried to rise, a soldier sitting nearby spoke with a blurry voice.
"You shouldn't move yet. If you overdo it, it'll get worse. Your head was shaken badly."
A mere soldier seemed like a medic. For mere soldiers, if they were injured, it was lucky if there was a comrade who knew a bit about herbs. Otherwise, dying was common.
"How did I get to the medical tent?"
It didn't matter how he got here. He could find out later. More importantly...
"I survived today."
The start of a new day was more important. Looking towards the entrance of the tent, light seeped in through the gaps. It wasn't sunlight. It was the light of flickering torches, along with passing shadows. The bard's song continued.
"Who is the hero!"
"Cyprus!"
The soldiers' chants followed. He survived today and lived to see the next day. But it seemed he had been unconscious throughout the morning and afternoon, waking up only in the evening.
"Did I pass today?"
He asked the medic standing by.
"Today? It's been two days."
It was quite a shock. Enkrid thought about it as he closed his eyes. Surviving today was crucial. He had defeated the stabbing soldier. He had surpassed him with his skills.
Afterward, Enkrid thought about the ferryman. He recalled and pondered the ferryman’s words. He had no choice. The ferryman had said it would repeat.
Therefore,
"If I die, today will repeat."
The ferryman had spoken as if to impose a punishment.
But.
"Why is that a punishment?"
To Enkrid, it wasn't a punishment, but a reward.
Chapter 13: Replay
After being unconscious for two days straight, Enkrid slept for another half a day. When he woke up, there was bread and soup in front of him. A long shadow passed over the bread and soup and then disappeared. He turned his gaze to the half-open entrance of the tent. It seemed to be early morning.
There was no sound of people moving about. A few torches had been set up, so the light entering the tent was much less than before. Everyone inside the tent was asleep.
Enkrid reached for the bread.
"I can move my arm without any trouble."
Seizing the opportunity, Enkrid tried to sit up halfway.
Zing.
Pain shot up from his side, making the back of his head tingle with the intensity.
"But if it's just this much..."
Rem had said it wasn't broken. Enkrid agreed with his own assessment. Though he had fainted from a concussion, but thankfully, his head seemed to be fine now. He wasn't dizzy and his eyes, nose, and ears were all functioning normally.
He tore off a piece of bread and dipped it into the cold soup, putting it into his mouth.
"My tongue's fine too."
He was so hungry that even this simple fare tasted delicious. The subtle sweetness of the flour reacted on his tongue. The soup, which had barely any seasoning, was enough to fill his empty stomach. Enkrid chewed the thick soup and bread slowly, as if it were a meal from a proper restaurant.
"If you eat hastily after fainting, your stomach will turn."
He knew this from experience.
It was something the soldier guarding the medical tent should have told him, but the soldier he saw last evening looked too annoyed to bother.
A soldier guarding the medical tent, was that even a necessary role?
"He must have some connections."
Otherwise, why would an able-bodied guy be stuck here guarding injured soldiers?
After filling his stomach, Enkrid forced himself to sit up. If you lie down immediately after eating, you won't digest properly. When injured, it's crucial to eat well and rest. Proper digestion was part of eating well.
"Hoo."
Enkrid let out a small sigh and stared blankly at the flickering light at the entrance of the tent. His eyes were on the swaying torches, but his mind was full of other thoughts. The repeated days, today, and the day he finally surpassed.
Enkrid replayed and replayed that "today." He recalled the moment so vividly that it even appeared in his dreams. The stab itself was excellent. Even he thought it was a perfectly clean strike.
"It wasn't bad to lead the fight to that point."
The Vallen Style Swordsmanship had helped a lot. It was also thanks to the countless repetitions of today that he had trained, but he couldn't say he did everything well.
"It was clumsy."
This was the conclusion after endlessly revisiting that moment.
Someone passed in front of the tent. The shadow of a soldier walking past the burning torch stretched long. The extended shadow turned into a stabbing maniac in Enkrid's imagination.
"When I stabbed..."
What if the opponent had dodged?
The shadow dodged the stab. Then, spinning its sword, it slashed. The blade easily cut through the neck of the shadow that played Enkrid's role.
"Then I'd be the one dead."
Did I prepare well? Hardly.
"It was insufficient."
If the opponent had been a bit smarter, a bit more skilled in fighting. If they had just a little more experience. If they had survived until the next battlefield.
"No, that's going too far."
This was an exaggeration. Thinking this way, there was no end. The shadow with the sword was a product of imagination, disappearing when he shook off the thought. Enkrid stopped worrying about what had already happened.
"Rather than pondering 'if,' think about the next step."
Rem said you should know how to stab with all your strength, but that didn't mean every attack could be like that. So, he racked his brain.
Show the stab once. Before that, keep scratching at the opponent's nerves. When the provoked opponent attempts a stab, counterattack.
"I bet everything on one stab."
A stab that would fail if it didn't work. Was that really the right approach?
You shouldn't lead the fight that way. Enkrid knew that too. If the stab didn't work and he faced a new "today," what should he do?
"If the stab didn't work, should I rely on luck?"
No, that wasn't acceptable. It wasn't allowed. Not luck, but skill. Enkrid believed that using his skill was the best way to make use of the opportunity given to him. Thinking about it didn't plunge him into self-loathing. It was simply a process of revisiting facts, separating what was lacking and what was well done. Just as he always did after a fight or spar.
"If you survive a fight by risking half your life, that fight will become your asset, Enki."
The old swordsman was a fencing instructor teaching children in a quiet coastal town. In terms of skill, he might be embarrassed to make a name for himself even in a small commercial town, let alone a big city. But he was good at teaching. At least to Enkrid, he was an excellent teacher.
"If you plan to eat sword rice until you die, digest and excrete everything you gain from each fight. That's how you'll survive."
The old teacher had likely experienced and walked that path himself. He limped on his left foot. His body was covered in sword scars. Those were lessons learned the hard way. The instructor charged a lot for his lessons, but it wasn't a waste. It was a valuable time. Now was the time to recall what he had learned from him.
"There must be another way."
You can't always stab with all your strength. If you did, you'd be the one to die. Rem wouldn't fight that way either. But when sparring with that crazy Rem bastard, every axe swing felt weighted with serious intent and killing intent.
"How can he do that?"
The joy of succeeding in the stab was very brief. Enkrid didn't get drunk on his sense of accomplishment. No, he was happy. He was satisfied with overcoming a wall through his efforts. But he didn't stop there. Naturally, Enkrid envisioned tomorrow. After the successful stab. Seeing the tomorrow that was invisible before succeeding.
He was reaching out and walking towards the sun of that tomorrow.
"What if I stab with all my strength but not with all my heart?"
He was getting closer to the answer. You can't learn everything just by thinking. But that's okay. Now wasn't all the time Enkrid had been given.
The faceless ferryman had said. This wasn't the end. The wall would keep appearing.
"He said it would repeat?"
Then I just need to challenge it with my life again. Knowing that such a moment would come again, his heart raced. A peculiar heat starting from his lower abdomen spread throughout his body. Enkrid ignored the heat. Now wasn't the time to push himself.
"First, rest."
Even without a doctor's diagnosis, his aching side indicated he needed a few days of complete rest.
"But how did I end up here?"
What usually happens when a soldier gets injured? Regardless of the severity, you either get treated in your tent or die.
"If you're lucky, you have a doctor treating you."
Or if the goddess of fortune showered you with coins, you might receive a priest's prayer. Divine healing required a combination of luck and connections. Of course, it's different for high-ranking officers, but Enkrid wasn't any of those. So, someone must have intervened to get him here.
"I don't know."
With a belch, he felt his digestion was done. Enkrid lay down and slept. He slept very deeply. Eating well and sleeping well was the best when injured. The next day, when he opened his eyes. He saw big, round eyes.
"Move your face back."
As he pushed Kraiss's face with his hand, Kraiss stepped back even before being touched.
"You were sleeping so soundly, I didn't want to wake you. Perfect timing."
"Yeah, right."
He was lucky if Kraiss didn't kick him awake.
"Who do you think got the squad leader in here?"
Kraiss puffed out his chest as he spoke. So, it was his doing. Among the squad members, only Kraiss or Jaxon had the resourcefulness to do something like this.
"I spent a bit for this. You owe me. Don't forget it."
"I never asked you to put me here."
But good things were good. The medical tent had better food, was located at the rear, and he didn't have to do anything. He was exempt from all duties. If he weren't here, he'd have to hold his aching side and manage the squad.
"Will the squad function well without me?"
That was a pointless worry. The weakest in the Fourth-Fourth Squad worrying about others?
"Oh, the weakest one is Kraiss."
Kraiss was terrible at fighting, but he wasn't without skills.
Somehow, whenever a battle broke out, he'd manage to retreat to the rear as a special forces member.
He had skills indeed. This time, Enkrid benefited from those skills.
"Should I thank you by bowing my head?"
"No need for grand gestures. Just don't forget it."
"Why is it so important that I don't forget?"
"Got it."
"Good. I'm busy, so I'll leave."
Despite being busy, Kraiss had come to visit him, which was quite a courtesy. Not only Kraiss and Rem visited, Jaxon also dropped by and tossed a small jar.
"Apply this to your side once a day. It should help with the pain. Don't tell anyone where you got it."
"Especially our squad members, right?"
Jaxon shrugged and left. Opening the thumb-sized jar, he saw dark green ointment.
"Did someone grind herbs to make this?"
If it was made just for him, it was a great effort. Of course, it wasn't. He had seen this item before. Though it was his first time using it. He scooped a bit with his fingertip, slipped his hand under his clothes, and applied it to his side. Every movement sent pain shooting through him. But the ointment warmed the area, easing the pain.
"Not bad."
Enkrid decided to use it sparingly and carefully put the jar under his bed.
"Was the medical tent this close to our tent? It doesn't seem like a place to drop by casually."
No matter. Getting a good ointment was enough. After that, two more squad members came and went.
"Sorry, squad leader. I can't do much to help."
One acted as if they could help but hadn't.
"The squad's a mess without you. Here, take this."
Another tossed a half-eaten apple and left. The last visitor had clearly just dropped by. He often got lost. Enkrid overheard him outside the medical tent, asking, "Our squad leader is here? Why?"
"That guy didn't even know I was injured."
Raising squad members was futile.
"Not that I raised them."
Everyone, except Enkrid, fought well and retreated skillfully.
"I should worry about myself."
Even if he wasn't there, the squad would function well. They'd all manage just fine. He set aside unnecessary worries.
"Hey, you bastard."
This was more concerning. A new guest had entered while he was resting. Someone had joined the tent in the afternoon. The medical tent was large enough to hold over ten people lying down. Yet, there were only three patients in the large tent.
Enkrid, with his aching side.
A squad leader staring at him, having joined today.
And a blonde lying in the corner, lazily moving their fingers while staring at the ceiling.
The one who spoke to Enkrid was the squad leader.
"A soldier with the lowest skills, a mercenary turned squad leader. Do you take turns screwing your squad members? How did you become a squad leader?"
This was the problem. This squad leader was a familiar face. A leader from the neighboring company who always seemed eager to eat him alive. His name was Vengeance.
Whoever named him did a good job. Why did Vengeance hate him? Enkrid had no idea. From the first meeting, Vengeance had been growling at him.
"And you're in the medical tent, lucky bastard."
"Yeah, I think so too."
It was indeed comfortable. It would have been perfect without Vengeance.
"Nice to meet you, squad leader."
"Nice to meet you?"
Should I say it's shit to meet you?
Enkrid was an adult. He knew how to wear a mask.
"Yes, a little."
"A little?"
"Not very much."
"You bastard."
Vengeance fumed but didn't make a move. More accurately, he couldn't. He had deeply cut his thigh in the previous battle. It was hard for him to even stand up.
So.
"Isn't this the perfect opportunity to tease him?"
Enkrid was an adult. He knew how to wear a mask.
And he knew how to tease someone he disliked.
Chapter 14: Knight
“Hey, you! Come here!”
“Keep your voice down. This is the medical tent.”
“So what, you bastard?”
Even if it growled, no matter how fierce a beast was, it wasn't a threat if it couldn't reach you.
“It seems we have some sort of fate. The first time we met was in the lower village, wasn't it?”
It was a bad fate. A fate that kept bringing them together.
“Why are you acting all friendly, you unlucky bastard?”
The one who spoke first was Vengeance. Enkrid didn't bother to argue. He wasn't petty enough to bother with such things.
“Right.”
Instead, he turned his body. The ointment Jaxon had given him was very effective. He could move like this without feeling much pain.
“What are you doing?”
“You told me not to act friendly, so I'm pretending not to know you.”
“You bastard, are you joking?”
Vengeance shouted. If he had known it was a joke, he wouldn’t have needed to get so angry. But maybe it was because...
‘I'm usually surrounded by such fierce squadmates.’
Seeing Vengeance after a long time, he seemed almost cute. Compared to watching Rem, Jaxon, and the other squad members fight, this felt like it was shortening his lifespan.
“Oh, you noticed. As expected of the platoon leader, the future of the Cyprus Brigade.”
“You, you!”
Vengeance, with a vein bulging on his forehead, threw his boot. Enkrid caught it swiftly.
“A gift?”
“I’ll kill you, you bastard!”
At some point, Rem had said that he could irritate people pretty well himself.
“But I don’t want to argue with a squad leader who’s determined to run his mouth.”
With a calm face, Enkrid held the boot. Watching this, Vengeance huffed out a breath.
And then.
“Pahaha!”
A soldier, who had been idly killing time, laughed loudly. It was a laugh that sounded like he was about to go mad with joy. Vengeance's fierce gaze whipped around at the sound of the laughter. The blond man, who had laughed heartily, wiped a tear with a bent finger and said,
“No, ‘Is this a gift?’ I couldn't hold it in. I tried to ignore it from the start. Phew.”
Creak.
Enkrid thought that Vengeance’s molars might break before he turned forty. Grinding your teeth isn’t good for your gums either. Should he mention this?
If he kept going, Vengeance might not be able to hold back his anger and would die from a rush of blood to the head.
“What’s your affiliation?”
Vengeance was calm. Instead of cursing, he asked for the man’s affiliation.
“Me? Well, I’m just a passing soldier.”
Oh?
Enkrid was inwardly impressed by his ambition. He was a squad leader, after all. But the other guy seemed to really be just a soldier.
But with that attitude.
However, speaking like that made it seem like he was hiding his affiliation and rank. Vengeance wasn’t stupid either.
“Are you saying you can’t reveal your affiliation?”
“It’s kind of like that, but I’m really just a soldier. I forgot my affiliation.”
How carefree. Enkrid saw a noble’s demeanor in the blond man. If he wasn’t a noble, he deserved a beating.
‘He deserves to be beaten to death.’
If he got beaten to death, he wouldn’t have any complaints. The attitude he was showing was one of dignity.
Grind, grind.
Vengeance couldn’t do anything.
“But you shouldn’t be looking at me right now. You should be looking behind you.”
Enkrid and Vengeance had been staring at the blond man. So, they both turned their heads back. There was someone behind them.
‘When did they get there?’
He couldn't say his intuition was sharp, but he had experience on the battlefield. He had some level of intuition, but he didn’t notice anyone behind him. He didn't hear any sounds either.
“Is this the place where the Fourth-Fourth Squad Leader is?”
It was a woman. She belonged to a race with generally slender bodies, clear eyes, and ears larger than those of humans. She was an elf. She stared intently at the blond man and spoke. Judging by her natural tone, she was his superior. Enkrid judged as much and raised his hand, opening his mouth.
“Fourth Company, Fourth Platoon, Fourth Squad Leader Enkrid, here.”
The elf woman’s gaze finally moved away from the blond man. Then the soldier guarding the entrance of the medical tent came in and added an explanation.
“Yes. He is the squad leader under your command.”
“An elf?”
Quite surprised, Vengeance finally reacted. Hearing that, the elf didn’t move an eyebrow and just turned her head.
“That’s the third platoon leader of this company.”
The medic, without being asked, added this. The elf woman’s tone was very dry. Someone had said that elves were symbols of grass and trees, but her voice was like the sand of a desert.
“Does the second company teach its members to mention races when they see a superior? I know I’m an elf better than anyone.”
‘She’s amazing.’
Enkrid saw natural dignity and charisma in the elf woman. She subdued the opponent with just one word.
“N-No, no! I’m the third platoon leader of this company, V-Vengeance!”
“I have one request.”
“Yes!”
“Vegan, while I am here, I’d like you to keep your mouth shut. You don’t need to respond to my request. If you open your mouth, I’ll want to put a knife or a fist in your face. Is that clear?.”
Enkrid didn’t bother to correct her that his name was Vengeance. Vengeance tried to open his mouth, then covered it with both hands.
“I heard you’re leading an interesting squad member.”
The company commander’s gaze returned to Enkrid.
“Yes, thank you.”
There was nothing good about falling out of favor with the new company commander. He answered politely. In the following conversation, Enkrid felt a strange sense.
‘Why did this woman come here?’
It was all useless talk. She said he performed well in battle. From Enkrid’s perspective, it was true. He pierced and killed enemy soldiers.
In the process, he saved quite a few allied soldiers within his reach, but did it affect the battlefield?
‘Not really.’
It wasn’t that kind of achievement. Regardless of his skills, Enkrid had a good eye for the battlefield.
“You survived meeting Frog?”
“Yes, I was lucky.”
“Luck is a skill too. It’s not often that the goddess of fortune drops a coin.”
“Yes, thank you.”
Did she come all the way here to have this kind of conversation? Enkrid couldn’t understand her intention. Anyway, the elf company commander, with her green glowing eyes, spoke to him.
Enkrid answered faithfully. Not long after, the company commander said, ‘I look forward to your continued success,’ and turned around. Just before leaving, she looked back again towards the blond man.
“What’s your name?”
“Uh, um, Crang.”
He said his name, rolling his eyes and frowning. Anyone could tell.
‘He just made that up.’
It was a name like that.
“I see.”
The company commander answered indifferently and left the tent. Until then, Vengeance, who hadn’t been able to breathe properly, finally exhaled deeply.
“Damn.”
“Ah, company commander.”
Hearing the curse, Enkrid spoke, and Vengeance was startled.
“No, wait. He’s just a passing soldier.”
“You bastard.”
The platoon leader, who had become Vengeance today, was furious. The blond man, who introduced himself as Crang, laughed loudly again. The medic, who had been watching them, wondered why these three were acting like this and slipped out. Enkrid thought that he wouldn’t be bored as long as Vengeance was around.
Reviewing the fight was the direction to move forward. Enkrid focused on two things.
‘Stab with all your might but don’t put all your heart into it.’
He found a clue in less than a day and felt his body itch, but he couldn’t exercise immediately. His side was still painful, so the only training he could do was grip strength training.
Enkrid trained his fingers and forearms. It might seem like a foolish thing to do.
‘The body is the foundation of all techniques.’
Even the smallest leaf had weight, and even a drop of water could pierce a rock over time. So this seemingly insignificant effort would help in the future. Enkrid believed this and had built his tower until now.
“You’re working really hard.”
It was Crang.
Two days after the company commander left, Enkrid did nothing but review the fight and train his grip strength. He dedicated himself to resting. Resting was also important.
The only change was Crang, who had introduced himself and claimed to have forgotten his affiliation, was now lingering around him.
“Why are you working so hard?”
Crang spoke informally to everyone. Of course, to Enkrid and to Vengeance as well.
“I’m a platoon leader. I’m your superior!”
He even teased him. Seeing that, it seemed he hadn’t come here due to an injury and he seemed quite skilled. Watching him walk past Vengeance, narrowly avoiding being caught, showed he wasn’t ordinary.
“What?”
Since he said he was a soldier, Enkrid also spoke informally.
“You keep clenching and unclenching your hand every day. And other than that, you stare blankly into space. I wonder what you’re thinking about and why you’re working so hard on your hand.”
He wasn’t a child, but he was very curious. It wasn’t that annoying.
‘I’m bored too.’
Teasing Vengeance could only go so far. Small talk and having someone to talk to were good tools to overcome boredom.
“This is grip strength training and staring into space isn’t spacing out. I’m reviewing my mistakes from the last battle.”
“So why are you doing that?”
Why, indeed.
“So I won’t die in the next battle.”
“I haven’t seen a soldier work this hard just to avoid dying.”
“Then are there any soldiers who’ve lived long?”
“Hmm, quite a few?”
What had he been watching?
Enkrid had long thought that the other was pretending to be a commoner. It didn’t change anything, though. If he wanted to, he could play along with this. It didn’t cost him anything. He didn’t envy what the other had. If he were to envy something, he should’ve been half-mad with jealousy over swordsmanship talent.
But Enkrid wasn’t. He had a path to walk and felt more fulfilled by the joy of growing.
‘I think I need to practice stabbing more.’
Full effort training was necessary. The Heart of the Beast still protected Enkrid.
One step forward.
One step every day.
Even if today didn’t repeat, nothing would change. Of course, not everything stayed the same.
“What do you want to become?”
Crang asked.
It was similar to when Rem had asked before. The memory of that time surfaced.
‘Why does it feel like that was a long time ago?’
It was a day that no longer existed. It disappeared because he had died. So the ambition he had playfully spoken of vanished like a joke. If he spoke of the future or dreams now.
‘Would today disappear?’
It wouldn’t.
Even if dreams were silenced, torn apart, and devoured by reality, traces remained. Traces, yes, just traces left around his heart. He used to think so.
But now?
‘Are only traces left?’
Enkrid looked at his palm. It was a palm with calluses that had formed and burst several times, making it ugly. The calluses on his finger joints would probably never disappear. It was something he had longed for.
‘Is that really so?’
Were only traces left? He asked himself and sought an answer.
It wasn’t so. He didn’t believe it. Ironically, even in the time when only traces remained, Enkrid never gave up.
“A knight.”
A low-ranking soldier from a third-rate mercenary background. A mere squad leader. A lowly rank with insignificant skills. And yet he aspired to be at the top.
Vengeance, hearing this from the side, tried to laugh loudly. but Crang’s response was quicker.
“Right. A knight.”
It was strange. He should have laughed. He should have.
But Crang’s attitude stopped him. It wasn’t forced, but instinct said he shouldn’t. It was just a plain tone, but it was weighty. It had gravitas. Crang accepted the ridiculous dream sincerely. With all his effort, wholeheartedly. He showed that even listening could be done with such seriousness.
“Seeing you, I think I have an idea of how I should live.”
Crang said.
Enkrid shrugged.
The strange atmosphere that had enveloped the medical tent vanished as quickly as it had come.
“Pfft, a knight? How funny!”
So Vengeance laughed heartily, but it was pathetic. Neither Enkrid nor Crang responded to him.
“I’m your superior.”
Vengeance attempted a timid rebellion.
Of course, it didn’t work.
In just a week Enkrid’s side no longer hurt.
‘Is it thanks to the ointment?’
He healed quickly.
Just before bedtime, Crang asked.
“You’re going back tomorrow?”
“Yeah.”
Today was simple. The bard, who had returned after a week, sang the praises of Cyprus right next to the medical tent from the morning. The medic, guarding the medical tent, slept in late in the morning.
In the afternoon, while taking a light walk, he saw Kraiss. Big Eyes looked unwell. Before he could ask, Kraiss had walked away briskly. Nothing happened after that. Since the patients in the medical tent didn’t keep watch, they had really rested well.
“Sleep well, Enkrid.”
“You too, Crang.”
“Just you wait until we return, both of you.”
Vengeance also greeted them as he did every day. With that, Enkrid closed his eyes and fell asleep.
And...
“Cyprus! Cyprus!”
He woke up to the bard’s song.
‘Today again?’
He had heard that this guy, who tasted money and became a battlefield bard, sang while going around various tents. So, he didn’t stay in one place for two days. Today, the singing should have been farther away. Why was he in the same place for two consecutive days?
“Damn, why isn’t breakfast here yet? Is he slacking off?”
Vengeance, who had woken up, grumbled. Hearing that, Enkrid's hair stood on end. He had heard those exact words yesterday. No, it was today that had repeated.
“Was the soldier late with breakfast yesterday?”
Enkrid asked. Vengeance stared at him, then chuckled.
“What kind of nonsense is that? Yesterday, he brought it on time.”
Enkrid let out a hollow sigh. Now it was certain.
Today had repeated.
This meant...
‘I died in my sleep without anyone knowing.’
That’s what it meant.
Chapter 15: Just One Word
'Did I get killed in my sleep?'
Enkrid was so dumbfounded that he couldn't even laugh.
'Was I that dull?'
So dull that I could die from being stabbed in my sleep without even knowing it?
That couldn't be right. If he were that dull, he wouldn't have survived until now. He couldn't even guess how he died. Enkrid recalled the moment just before he fell asleep. There was nothing unusual. He didn't feel any signs. He fell asleep. He didn't wake up afterward. Did he hear insects in his sleep? Did he have a restless sleep?
No.
He slept soundly. He was supposed to return after just one more day. He slept without thinking about anything. He considered it his last rest.
After that?
He felt like he was possessed by a ghost, but he didn't let himself stupidly be overwhelmed by astonishment. Freezing up in confusion would get him killed.
Another today had just started. Having done it once already, Enkrid knew what needed to be done and what to ponder. There were two things to think about.
One was 'how.'
Whether his throat was slit or his mouth and nose were covered. How could someone kill without causing any pain?
The second was 'why.'
'Why me?'
He didn't even know the moment of his death. It wasn't done clumsily. If the assailant was an assassin, they were at least first-rate or better. If they were an enemy soldier.
'They'd be worse than a first-rate assassin.'
The medical tent was at the rear. If someone could sneak in here and slit throats, they were an assassin who could slap a knight and still return unscathed. The answer to 'why' was practically obvious. In the tent, apart from him, there were only Crang and Vengeance.
'No one of such caliber would come for Vengeance.'
So, there was only one answer.
Crang.
A soldier who claimed to have forgotten his own unit. There was no way someone like that was just a soldier. The answer to 'why' was clear. 'How' would be figured out tonight.
Strangely enough, he thought the pain he felt each time he was killed by the stabbing maniac wasn’t the worst part. Seeing that bastard's eyes was the worst part.
'This is worse.'
It was disgusting. Dying without knowing what was going on. It felt incredibly disgusting. Rolling in shit wouldn't feel as bad as this.
'I really feel like...'
Like shit?
But nothing changed because of that. Enkrid dismissed his feelings. Instead, he thought about what he needed to do and organized his thoughts.
'I'll figure out how they killed me tonight. As for why, it's because they came for Crang.'
Another question arose. Beyond 'how' and 'why,' there was 'who.' Who was the assassin? Assuming they weren't an enemy soldier. Someone who knew the location of the medical tent, could hide, and was skilled at assassination. Someone who had already confirmed their target and had easy access. One person came to mind.
'The company commander?'
It was a reasonable suspicion. Elves had quiet footsteps, stealthy movements, and were quick. A race perfect for assassination. Moreover, she had a reason to come here. Wasting time with trivial talk a few days ago made sense if her goal was him.
It all fit together perfectly.
“What are you doing?”
Beside him, Vengeance asked. Enkrid responded reflexively.
“Thinking.”
“Thinking? Your words are really short. Have you gone mad, you crazy bastard?”
Vengeance stood up, limping, his thigh wound somewhat healed.
“Oh, I thought you were Crang, sir. My mistake.”
“Is it all fixed if you call it a mistake?”
“I apologize.”
“Does it end with an apology?”
He's caught me.
“Shall I get some food?”
Enkrid ignored Vengeance as usual and stepped out of the tent. Behind him, Vengeance’s angry voice mingled with Crang’s lazy shout.
“I’m not eating!”
He wasn’t annoyed at Crang for causing his death. Sure, it felt disgusting. It certainly made him irritated, but Crang didn't kill him. Ultimately, he died due to his own lack of skill or incredibly bad luck. Enkrid thought so.
'If I know, I won't get caught.'
An assassin snuck up on him. Making a fuss would bring allies running. Catching a cat that sneaked in at night would be enough. There was no need to catch it himself. Soon, the soldier in charge of the medical tent came, rubbing his eyes. Dragging his feet, he looked incredibly bored. This guy was consistent.
“The platoon leader is really pissed off because you were late.”
“Because I was late? Isn't it because you keep teasing him?”
Officially, this soldier was also squad leader level. So, we were of the same rank.
“Are you getting bold for a low-ranking soldier?”
As they met and walked back together, the lazy soldier asked. His question was cut short, but it wasn’t hard to understand. Why do I keep provoking without fear?
“Vengeance?”
“He’s a mid-ranked soldier.”
Not just the Cyprus Brigade, but the entire Naurillia Kingdom army classified soldiers by rank. It was a kind of incentive system to boost morale. Prove your skill, and you'd be given an appropriate rank. I heard there was a bonus for each rank increase.
Enkrid thought it was a useful system in many ways.
Low, lower, mid, high, highest.
Five ranks made soldiers train fiercely. Since Naurillia valued martial arts, most commanders had at least high-level martial prowess. And knights were excluded from the ranks.
A knight was simply a knight. They surpassed human limits. They couldn’t be confined within this system.
So, a platoon leader would be at least a mid-ranked soldier. A squad leader would be lower or mid. Of course, no matter how skilled, they wouldn’t be promoted to disrupt the command structure. Platoon leaders and higher were carefully selected.
But there were always exceptions. Enkrid was a low-ranked soldier yet a squad leader; however ,his squad members were at least mid-ranked soldiers.
“You’re quite a peculiar person.”
The soldier spoke without thinking. Enkrid felt a strange sensation.
'Me?'
He had always been told he was ordinary or lacked talent.
“Two servings will be enough for the meal.”
Enkrid said. The soldier looked at him, muttered something about him being odd, but prepared only two servings. Returning to the tent, he placated Vengeance a bit.
After breakfast, he trained and reviewed past battles as usual. Crang didn’t eat breakfast and had left. So, only Enkrid and Vengeance ate.
“Crang left without saying anything?”
“Yeah, I guess so.”
To Enkrid’s question, the medic nodded indifferently. He suspected the elf company commander. This guy was also a strong suspect.
'This soldier can come and go here anytime, right?'
There were guards outside, but they wouldn't stop the medic.
'Let’s not jump to conclusions.'
Even if it all fits perfectly, deciding would make the mind rigid. It's better to keep options open. Crang returned only after lunch. It was the same day, but Enkrid moved differently.
“You're busy?”
When Enkrid spoke, Crang tilted his head. Then he smiled and approached.
“Do you know?”
He suddenly asked.
“Know what?”
“It’s the first time you’ve started a conversation.”
'Really?'
Come to think of it, maybe that was true.
He didn’t really think about it.
“Maybe.”
What's the big deal?
Crang chuckled and sat on Enkrid's bed. Enkrid wasn’t really curious about Crang’s identity. He wasn’t, until now. But since this mysterious soldier started repeating today, he became curious.
What did this guy do to attract assassins?
He could trick him into revealing his identity, but he was also the one who had sincerely listened to his dream. Sometimes, it's better to convey sincerity directly than to beat around the bush.
Enkrid did that. Sitting beside him, he looked Crang straight in the eyes and asked.
“What’s your identity?”
Vengeance, who had been dozing, woke up and was about to say something but stopped. He had heard Enkrid’s question. He was curious too.
Enkrid waited calmly for an answer.
Crang smiled.
But it wasn’t the relaxed smile from before. He continued smiling as he stared into Enkrid’s eyes for a while.
'Is he trying to have a staring contest?'
Enkrid waited leisurely for him to speak. Vengeance, who couldn’t hold it in, was about to say something.
“Uh, I can’t tell you.”
“Why?”
“Because it would be boring. I also have a promise to keep.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
Enkrid nodded at his reluctance. Vengeance, watching from the back, heard the entire bizarre conversation.
He thought.
What kind of monster fart conversation is this?
He asked, and then why is he agreeing? There’s definitely something he’s hiding. Is there a reason he can’t reveal it? Is he an enemy? A spy? Vengeance finished thinking and spoke.
“Are you a spy?”
“I’m the Fourth-Fourth Squad Leader.”
“Not you, bastard.”
“Me? No.”
Crang shook his head. He denied it immediately but then stood up from the bed. Enkrid watched him quietly. He walked to the center of the medical tent. The medic, who had been dozing, saw him and opened his eyes sleepily.
“I can’t reveal my identity, but I can say one thing.”
It was a strange feeling. His steps, attitude, gestures, smile, eyes, and breathing as he walked to the center were all perfectly in sync. It was like watching an actor on a prepared stage. He naturally drew everyone’s attention. Enkrid unconsciously focused on Crang's lips.
If one knows how to listen wholeheartedly perhaps they can also speak words that captivate others’ ears and hearts.
“I can’t betray this kingdom.”
His words were neither fast nor slow. It was just a single sentence.
Sometimes it becomes a lie.
Sometimes it becomes meaningless noise.
Sometimes it’s used to whisper fleeting love.
It was just such a sentence.
Depending on whose mouth it comes from, it changes drastically. Crang’s words sounded like the inevitability of spring blooming, autumn coloring, and winter falling. It sounded like an unchallengeable law.
Enkrid saw a vision.
The tent seemed to expand suddenly. Crang appeared to be standing in the exact center. It was wide. When he was a mercenary, he had passed through the breadbasket of the Naurillia Kingdom. The surroundings opened up like that vast plain. Even with such an open view, Crang stood vividly. His presence seemed to encompass the wilderness.
'He’s not ordinary.'
A type that couldn’t be ranked.
'A knight?'
No. Would a knight of that level hide their skill? It was intuition. He wasn’t a knight.
“Well, you don’t have to believe me.”
When Crang casually said that, the vast plain and wilderness vanished. Crang, who had been vivid, appeared as he originally did.
“I’d appreciate it if you believed me.”
“I think I have to.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, because you said so.”
Enkrid couldn’t guess Crang’s identity.
'It doesn’t matter much.'
As long as he stopped the assassin, that was enough. It was just curiosity. It would be nice if he told him, but it didn’t matter if he didn’t.
“Whew.”
Vengeance, who seemed to have been holding his breath, exhaled deeply. Then he looked at Enkrid and Crang and was about to say something.
“Damn.”
That was all he said, then turned around. It seemed Vengeance thought Crang’s identity was extraordinary, and he couldn’t say more. Seeing this, Crang laughed and said.
“Don’t worry, platoon leader. I’m just Crang right now.”
“...Who said anything?”
Tsk, he’s really scared. Enkrid found Vengeance cute. It was curious how he still picked fights with him, even though he acted like this. And he fell silent when facing Rem. He didn’t pick fights with other squad members either.
'Come to think of it, why does he only do that to me?'
Enkrid thought about it while passing time. Another same day passed.
“Sleep well, Enkrid.”
“You too.”
“Hmph.”
Platoon Leader Vengeance seemed to fear future repercussions, so he skipped his nightly greeting. It felt empty. Soon, the assigned guard stood outside the tent.
Enkrid didn’t sleep. He could fall asleep easily if he wanted, but staying up for a night wasn’t hard either. When he was a mercenary, his stamina and wits saved him more than his swordsmanship.
Time passed. The night deepened. The guard changed twice. Vengeance snored beside him. Enkrid lost himself in various thoughts.
'If I stay lying down like this, I’ll fall asleep.'
He was about to get up to pee when.
Prick.
His neck stung. Thinking it was a bug, he rubbed his neck. He felt something small.
'A needle? A poisoned needle?'
Carefully, he pulled it out with his fingers. It was a thin wooden needle.
'This is unexpected.'
He planned to make noise if someone showed up, but a dull pain started from the pricked area, soon numbing all sensation. It felt like someone had cut off his neck and body. It was there, but he couldn’t feel anything below his neck.
'What is this.'
Soon, he felt dizzy, and his head spun.
'Poisoned needle.'
He was caught. It was the answer to 'how.' No matter how dull a person, no matter how asleep they were, how could they not know their neck was cut or heart pierced?
The answer was here. It was a severe paralytic poison.
Enkrid tried to keep his eyes open to the end. He couldn’t waste this day. He saw blurry shadows. The figure was small. Unless it was someone with a peculiar build, it wasn’t an adult male. A woman or a child. It looked like such a figure. The shadow approached and swung its arm, and that was the end.
“Cyprus! Cyprus!”
He heard the praises of Cyprus. A new day started. Technically, it was the third today.
“Is he slacking off? Why isn’t breakfast here?”
It was the same. Platoon Leader Vengeance complaining about the missing breakfast. There was no need to delay today.
“I’ll go out.”
He stepped outside without dealing with anyone. First, fetch the soldier. Let’s start anew. Honestly, he didn’t even know where the poisoned needle came from.
So what to do?
Don’t lie down and be prepared. What was needed now was a suitable excuse. Even in the rear, it was a battlefield. There were plenty of excuses to stay up and alert.
'Let’s try again, assassin.'
Enkrid began his preparations.
Chapter 16: Lack of Skill
The third today.
Enkrid continued his grip training and battle review as usual. He didn't waste any time. It was the same day, with nothing unusual during the day. At least, that's how it appeared on the surface.
‘I just didn't notice.’
Today was different. Crang skipped breakfast and only returned after lunch. The medic from the medical tent was also absent for a long time. Normally, the medic's job was to always stay at the tent.
Other than that, everything was the same. There were a few patients in other nearby medical tents.
Enkrid sat in front of the tent, observing the soldiers passing by. Since this was the rear, there were fewer combat troops compared to the front lines.
One of the wheels on a handcart broke, causing it to tip over. Groans from the patients could be heard from all around. A soldier complained loudly as the strong wind blew. Overall, it wasn’t a highly vigilant situation.
‘But it’s not enough to miss a few assassins.’
His goal remained unchanged.
To cause a commotion when facing the assassin, and that would be the end. He steeled his resolve. He spent the rest of the day as usual.
“Aren’t you tired of that?”
Crang asked his usual question.
“When we get back, you guys are dead meat.”
Vengeance mumbled his usual meaningless grumble. Night fell. Enkrid lay down and then got up, sitting with his hips half off the bed. He went over the information he knew.
The assassin’s arrival time was:
‘After the third guard change.’
The weapons used were poisoned needles and blades. The figure appeared to be a woman or a child. The prime suspect was the newly assigned company commander. The target was likely Crang.
That was all he knew.
But it was enough.
The target wasn't him, and all he needed to do was cause a ruckus. Watching the changing of the guards, Enkrid stood up.
“Yawn, going to take a leak?”
The soldier on guard yawned as he asked.
“No, just can’t sleep.”
“Aren’t you supposed to return to the main unit tomorrow?”
The soldier smiled slightly. He had freckles and droopy eyes, giving him a gentle look. Enkrid, as a squad leader, outranked a regular soldier.
“Yeah.”
“Are you too nervous to sleep?”
“No, the moon is too bright.”
At Enkrid’s words, the freckled soldier looked up. It was a pitch-black night. The clouds obscured the moonlight in the night sky. Far away, a few stars twinkled, but the darkness was so deep that you couldn’t see a thing without a torch.
“The moon?”
“I’m joking.”
Enkrid glanced at the guard of the neighboring tent. No matter how strict the military discipline, there would always be soldiers like that. He saw a guard leaning against a tent pole, dozing off.
“Haha.”
The freckled soldier laughed awkwardly.
“Actually, the torchlight is too bright for me to sleep.”
“You’re sensitive.”
“I’ve been like that since I was a kid.”
It wasn't an empty remark. Enkrid was more sensitive than most people. He could hear well, smell well, and distinguish tastes well. His senses were sharp.
‘Yet, I’ve been caught off guard twice already.’
The opponent was highly skilled at stealth. After all, if an assassin wasn’t confident in stealth and infiltration, what else would they be confident in?
It was dark. Looking at the stars in the night sky and the burning torch, Enkrid made some trivial conversation. Where was his hometown, and how did he join the military? The freckled soldier talked about himself without hesitation. Enkrid didn’t listen closely. While talking, he kept his senses alert to the back. He also kept touching his neck.
‘Because it hit my neck, the poison took effect immediately.’
If it had hit his arm instead, he would’ve had time to respond.
Preparedness.
If he stayed awake, he would have enough time to shout......
“Laura said she’s waiting for me......”
The freckled soldier was talking about his girlfriend back home. At that moment, something pierced through the freckled soldier’s neck with a swoosh.
‘A blade!’
A blade as long as a finger protruded from his neck.No blood gushed out. As long as the blade remained, it acted as a tool to stop the bleeding. The freckled soldier staggered to the side, his mouth covered as he silently collapsed.
Ping- something flew towards Enkrid. It all happened in a single breath. Enkrid reacted. Instinctively, he covered his neck with his hand. A poisoned needle stuck into the back of his hand with a flick. Now it was time to shout.
An assassin was here!
It’s an attack!
Or at least.
Aaaaah!
Such meaningless screams would suffice.
But then.
Thud.
Something covered his mouth. There was no sound, no warning. Enkrid felt someone grab his neck and twist.
Crack.
Then, he felt a sharp pain behind his neck as a blade was thrust in. He had been stabbed so many times that he could roughly gauge the depth and severity of the wound. He wouldn’t last long with this. Enkrid collapsed to the ground, the blade still in his neck. Warm blood flowed from his neck, soaking his chest. The opponent didn’t deliver the final blow. Enkrid didn’t have the energy to check on their situation.
‘Crang? What about Platoon Leader Vengeance?’
Coughing up blood, Enkrid checked on the two lying in front of him. One was the freckled soldier. His neck had been pierced, and blood pooled on the tent floor.
‘What was that guy’s name?’
He had talked about many things but hadn’t paid attention to any of them. Inside the tent, Platoon Leader Vengeance was also visible. He had been strangled and lay with his eyes wide open, but Crang was nowhere to be seen. Enkrid used his last bit of strength to lift his head and look inside the tent. As he moved, the blade shifted, bringing excruciating pain.
“Grrh.”
A groan escaped his lips. Nevertheless, he stubbornly lifted his body and looked.
He saw a slender woman. Behind a torn part of the tent, blocking the way, was the elf woman.
‘It was you.’
The newly assigned company commander. No matter how poor his eyesight was, he couldn’t fail to recognize this.
“Already taken out......”
Another voice mixed in. That was the end of his memory.
“Cyprus! Cyprus!”
Today started again.
'Damn.'
A hollow laugh escaped. The opponent was an assassin. The Heart of the Beast, Vallen Style Mercenary Swordsmanship, none of it mattered; there was nothing he could do.
First, he had to face and fight the assassin to do anything, but they stabbed and poisoned him without a word.
He kicked off his blanket and got up.
“Are you going crazy this early in the morning?”
Platoon Leader Vengeance, half-covered by the thrown blanket, asked.
“No, sir.”
That wasn’t the important part.
“Fine, come at me. This is mutiny, isn't it?”
Enkrid ignored the limping Vengeance and stepped outside.
“Hey! Are you running away? You’re dead if I catch you!”
Behind him, Vengeance yelled.
“What’s all the noise so early in the morning?”
Crang’s voice, just waking up, followed. The same day repeated again.
‘Let’s try again, assassin.’
Enkrid prepared for the fourth night. This time, he armed himself with several daggers. He also coaxed the freckled soldier into coming inside the tent.
“There are people to guard here, too, right?”
Persuasion was easy. This naïve country boy quickly fell for Enkrid’s words. He brought a torch stand inside and set it up. The tent was now brightly lit.
‘Let’s see if the assassins can work in this light.’
They could. He didn’t know when they snuck in. Or how they got close. A shadow fell from the top of the tent. The shadow stuck poisoned needles into both Enkrid and the freckled soldier. Just before dying, Enkrid saw the tent being cut.
A white blade.
A dark figure beyond.
The torch inside cast light on their face.
It was the newly assigned company commander.
“Cyprus! Cyprus!”
The fifth today dawned.
“Okay.”
He knew it was coming but still got caught. It was the fourth time. He was getting stubborn. He tried similar methods again, focusing all his senses. The result wasn’t much different. The beds in this tent were elevated off the ground. A shadow jumped out from beneath and threw a short arrow. It was a throwing arrow. The arrowhead was coated with poison. It was a deadly poison. The pain from being stabbed was on a different level. It felt like ants were biting his heart. He couldn’t breathe, and he died without doing anything.
The sixth today was similar. There were slight variations. Just before dying, he heard the assassins talking.
“You, ho......”
“You......”
“This is a......”
“Fair......”
Of course, hearing this didn’t change anything. He couldn’t make out anything. At best, he caught a few words. No matter how hard he tried to piece them together, there was no answer. Determined, Enkrid tried various methods. Not giving up was a strength, but it could be a weakness in this situation. The truth of all times was that stupidity causes physical suffering. Endless attempts were not always the answer.
Fortunately, Enkrid was no fool.
After twenty attempts, he realized,
‘Shouting is pointless.’
The assassins were just that skilled. Once, he tried shouting for help before they could do anything.
Soldiers from the nearby tents gathered around Enkrid. He even saw Crang waking up, rubbing his eyes. It was just after the third guard change. He timed it perfectly for a preemptive strike.
“An attack? Where?”
In the end, he only got kicked in the shin by the neighboring platoon leader. Nothing happened when he shouted first? Would today just pass like that? If so, getting kicked in the shin was a small price to pay.
After the commotion ended and Enkrid made an excuse that he had a bad dream.
“How did you know?”
For the first time, Enkrid heard the assassin’s voice. A man with a metallic tone. And then he died with a blade to the throat. If there was this attempt, there were others.
“Platoon Leader Vengeance, are you angry because of me?”
“What the hell?”
“Not me, it’s Crang, right? Because Crang keeps talking nonsense?”
Enkrid casually chatted with them, trying to divert their attention and give a warning.
“An assassin will come tonight.”
“...Go mad properly, you crazy bastard.”
Vengeance didn’t believe him.
“Do you have a secret birth? Why would an assassin come for you?”
Crang didn’t believe him either. They lacked trust.
It failed.
He tried various methods, but the reason for failure was the same.
‘Lack of skill.’
It all boiled down to one reason. The assassin was too skilled. He needed to find a method.
The Heart of the Beast, Vallen Style Mercenary Swordsmanship, none of it was helpful now.
‘Should I bring Rem here?’
That could be a solution. If Rem or any other squad members were here, they wouldn’t be easily caught.
‘As long as it’s not big eyes.’
They wouldn’t be caught, but how to bring them here?
There was no way. He was just a squad leader, and they were mere soldiers. Regardless of skill, their ranks were fixed. What if he talked to the platoon leader responsible for the medical platoon?
‘Like they’d listen.’
What excuse could he use?
Some things were possible, others weren’t. Bringing squad members was impossible.
So, was there another way?
There was.
In the repetition of the same day.
Enkrid knew the time and place to find Big Eyes.
‘Should I ask for advice?’
All his squad members were exceptionally skilled.
‘Even if I can’t bring them.’
He could at least get their opinions. It was a better strategy than stubbornly persisting. Enkrid decided to find big eyes.
“Where are you going?”
Platoon Leader Vengeance asked from behind. Crang had left early in the morning. Enkrid figured Vengeance asked because he was also leaving. Enkrid tilted his head and answered the question with a question.
“Are you feeling lonely?”
“What the hell?”
“If not, never mind.”
“Hey, you, damn it...”
Ignoring him, Enkrid walked out.
“Once I recover, just you wait!”
Platoon Leader Vengeance shouted from inside the tent. Enkrid scratched his ear.
Finding big eyes wasn’t hard. His expression was awful, but who cared? This side had repeated today twenty times without even seeing the assassin’s face.
“Big eyes.”
Big eyes, walking hurriedly somewhere, turned at the call. He frowned when he saw Enkrid.
“Squad Leader? You’re all better?”
“Can we talk for a moment?”
“Oh, I’m busy. If you need someone to talk to, Jaxon is over there.”
Big eyes, apparently busy, pointed his thumb backward and walked quickly. There wasn’t even a chance to stop him. Enkrid had intended to ask big eyes to bring another squad member.
He headed to the tent big eyes had pointed out. It wasn’t a large tent but a small one. A maintenance tent for unused supplies, where broken items were stored, so it wasn’t frequently visited. A small tent between maintenance tents. It looked just big enough for two people.
“Squad Leader?”
Jaxon was inside. Reddish-brown hair and red-tinged brown eyes. A squad member with a bland smile.
And, according to Rem, the most backstabbing guy. He preferred exploiting gaps and stabbing rather than confronting directly. That was Jaxon’s description.
Scratching his head, Enkrid asked. He seemed to have come at an inconvenient time.
“Do you have time?”
Jaxon nodded casually. Behind him, a woman with curly blonde hair peeked out from between the tents, then quickly disappeared.
“I’m done with my business.”
Jaxon stood, throwing a half-unbuttoned shirt over his shoulder.
Chapter 17: If You Grow Eyes in the Back of Your Head
If you were talented enough, you might even meet a prostitute here inside. I heard the prostitutes preferred entering the military base over city or rural villages.
First of all, they could receive more money than usual. Although it's unofficial, this doesn't happen within the confines of military law and regulations. The men who met them here, whether soldiers or commanders, avoided causing any commotion. No one would enjoy the hassle of being caught calling a woman. So, this place was full of wealthy clients.
'Even so.'
Talented indeed. No matter how much you desire it, there are those who can and those who can't.
'Big eyes must have arranged it.'
"Well, hmm, I'm envious. You're quite talented."
"There's no need to live with unmet desires, is there?"
He wasn't wrong. If you can do it, living that way isn't bad. Jaxon walked while buttoning his shirt. He didn't even look back at the woman he left in the barracks, indicating their relationship was purely transactional. A red kiss mark could be seen through the gaps in his buttoned shirt. It looked like he had a very heated moment.
Jaxon's reddish-brown hair slightly fluttered in the wind. His appearance was strangely attractive. He looked ordinary yet handsome. Yeah, it's no wonder women would be drawn to him.
"What's the matter?"
Jaxon asked, glancing at Enkrid. As usual, his demeanor was relaxed and unpretentious. Jaxon, a member of the Troublemaker Squad. Rem described him as a pervert who liked to exploit any weaknesses.
Enkrid briefly recalled Jaxon on the battlefield.
If Rem was like a rampaging beast, then this guy was—
'Not particularly.'
Enkrid had never seen Jaxon fight properly. What he knew came from Rem's words and the one time he saw Jaxon jab a spear into an enemy's back. That was all.
However, he could infer Jaxon's skill. Even Rem often sustained minor injuries, but this guy had no such wounds. His injuries were rare and minor.
"Are you not going to fight properly?"
Sometimes Rem would growl at him like this. At those times, Jaxon would openly mock Rem.
"I don't enjoy seeing blood."
"If you don't enjoy seeing blood, just die or don't stay here, you sneaky bastard."
"That's none of your business."
"Shall I split your head or your body?"
"Before that, I'll put two thumb-sized holes in your heart."
The conversation ended there. When Rem, bleeding from his arm, wielded his axe and stood up quietly, Enkrid intervened between them.
"If you two want to kill each other, wouldn't it be easier if one of you joined the enemy?"
Even after that, the two would glare at each other as if they were going to kill, but they didn't fight. Although mere words weren't enough, they would calm down like magic when Enkrid stepped between them. He had broken up quite a few squad fights that way.
Rem called Jaxon a sneaky stray cat. Jaxon called Rem a mad barbarian.
Enkrid also saw Jaxon stab an enemy's back with a spear he picked up from somewhere. Even after being stabbed, the enemy couldn't locate Jaxon. While looking around, the enemy had his ankle kicked by the crouching Jaxon. The image of the enemy writhing on the ground with a spear in his back was vividly remembered.
Curious about how that was possible, he asked during a spare moment.
"It's because the opponent's attention was entirely focused on the front."
There was no detailed explanation. Rem was the type to easily share what he knew but it couldn't be expected from Jaxon.
Not that Enkrid gave up easily.
"Squad Leader?"
Jaxon stopped. They had arrived in front of Enkrid's medical tent. Upon hearing the question of what the matter was, he fell into thought. There was no need to ponder the answer.
Enkrid hadn't intended to become the squad leader of the 4th Company, 4th Platoon's Troublemaker Squad.
Who could plan such a relationship?
So, no need to worry.
If you're curious, ask.
If you need something, demand it.
That was how Enkrid dealt with his squad members.
"If a guy like you were to stab my back, how would I avoid it?"
Jaxon understood Enkrid's words at once. How persistently he had pestered him to teach the methods of sneaking up behind. It was relentless. Every few days, the same question repeated. If he had whined, it would have been easier to deal with. Scaring him off would have been enough, but the squad leader didn't do that. His eyes only showed the desire to know, to learn.
He wasn't impressed by the passion but was certain of one thing. If left alone, he would ask the same thing every few days for as long as he stayed in this squad. If he knew this man for life, he would ask for life.
Jaxon didn't lightly use the word 'persistent'. He knew too well the limits of people. He knew the hollow nature of words like mental strength, conviction, and willpower.
Nevertheless.
To him, Enkrid was a persistent man.
His passion for swordsmanship and martial arts was hotter than anyone else's. Was that passion what drove him like this?
"Why do you want to learn so badly?"
"Knowing it would slightly increase my chances of survival."
What's the point of staying alive longer if you spend all your money on training? Jaxon wanted to ask what he wanted to do with it, but he stopped.
What's the use of knowing? After all, it wasn't a lasting relationship.
After that, though not easily, Jaxon explained sincerely. Of course, the squad leader couldn't master it.
Naturally.
It wasn't something this 'type' could use, but today's question was somewhat refreshing.
"Do you think your ribs were broken by a blind sword, no, a blind kick?"
For Jaxon, it was a natural question. It would be a huge misunderstanding if he thought he couldn't sense the kick from the previous battle.
"No, that was because the opponent was a brute."
"Then?"
A rare follow-up question.
"Curious?"
Enkrid rather asked back. He knew Jaxon's usual attitude well. He wasn't curious. He simply kept everyone at a distance, neither too close nor too far. No one thought of him as particularly intimate.
Except for the 4-4-4 Squad, no one particularly disliked him either.
A suitable distance. That was Jaxon's usual demeanor.
So, it could be awkward to ask like this. And Enkrid knew that asking like this would get Jaxon to answer without further questions. Not that their relationship was intentionally built this way, but having spent time together, he knew their usual reactions and stances well.
"No. If there's a guy who stabs from behind, just notice him first."
As expected, the explanation was terrible. Rem claimed he was bad at explaining, but compared to Jaxon, he could be a renowned swordsmanship instructor.
Fortunately, Enkrid had met various teachers and experienced them. Among them, some were better at teaching than their skills. Others had decent skills but were terrible at teaching. Enkrid extracted value from all those experiences. Therefore, he knew plenty of ways to learn well.
"How do you notice first?"
Enkrid asked.
"Always be aware of your surroundings."
"What if I get hit despite being aware?"
"Be more aware."
"I can't spend all day turning my head."
"You can, squad leader."
"No, I can't."
Sometimes, Jaxon made him seem like a strange person. Unlike Rem's jokes, Jaxon was serious. Enkrid had learned from experience.
Sure enough, at Enkrid's firm response, Jaxon looked around and moved slightly to one side. It was a place where various supplies were stacked next to the medical tent. He casually perched on top of it and leaned against the adjacent tent, speaking.
"It seems like a long conversation."
"Today is a long day."
At least until bedtime, he had plenty of time.
"You need to eat, right?"
"Will skipping a meal kill you? I'll be your meal duty substitute for life. Well, at least as long as we're in the same squad."
Promises made that would vanish after today. Enkrid made many such promises.
"If that's a joke, it's not funny."
Ironically, everyone in the 4-4-4 Squad hated kitchen duties and meal duties the most.
They preferred battle over that. Reason? They hated preparing food for other squad members and cleaning up after them. Though all were lunatics, there was much to learn. At least in the battlefield and combat, they were invaluable teachers to Enkrid.
If Jaxon couldn't solve this?
Instead of worrying, focus.
If that didn't work, he planned to approach Rem or another squad member later. A soldier who didn't get minor injuries on the battlefield. Whether Jaxon was truly skilled was unknown. He had never seen it with his own eyes.
But the conclusion spoke of his excellence. Rem's attitude validated Jaxon's skills. There must be something to learn. Even if it wasn't immediately useful, it would be someday. When learning the Heart of the Beast, was it useful from the start?
"I don't have time for empty words."
"You said we have all day earlier?"
"That's a different story."
"Alright. You'll keep your promise, right?"
Enkrid nodded. He also sat down in front of Jaxon.
A few passing soldiers noticed them but didn't engage. Amidst the passing soldiers and supply carts, the two sat facing each other. One sat on the pile, making his eye level higher but it wasn't bothersome.
Jaxon felt a strange sensation. Enkrid plopped down and looked at him.
There were pebbles and rocks on the ground, making it uncomfortable. Moreover, the dust kicked up by passing carts didn't seem to bother him.
He focused on Jaxon's words without any doubt. Moved by that serious gaze, Jaxon began to speak.
"Humans have five senses."
"You mean eyes, nose, ears, that stuff?"
"Yes. Sight, hearing, smell, taste, and touch."
Why bring this up now? Enkrid showed no such sign. He just listened attentively. It was a good attitude. Enough to evoke unexpected words.
Originally, Jaxon intended to say that honing the five senses was enough but started explaining. It was from the heart, not the mind.
"If you can't always turn your head, grow eyes on the back."
Even from the heart, kind words were rare. Jaxon thought his words were nonsense. The explanation was wrong.
"I see."
But Enkrid nodded.
'This is interesting.'
Jaxon chose his words. He hadn't expected to teach something like this, but it wasn't impossible. He would teach part of what he had trained. From observation, he knew. The squad leader was ordinary. His senses were, too. Nothing innate.
But that was fine.
This training was effective for ordinary people too. With consistent practice for a few months, there would be good results. Usually, it was training done in caves. A better method would be, say, having assassins threatening his life multiple times, but that wasn't realistic.
"You can't always look around with your eyes, but you can with your ears."
Still, the explanation was like monster urine.
"Ah, right. Sound doesn't distinguish between front and back."
The listening Enkrid quickly understood.
"Precisely, sound does distinguish front and back. Training your hearing will develop it. You can do it even while sitting down. Listen."
Naturally, various sounds were heard. The sound of carts rolling, soldiers grumbling, patients moaning, the indifferent doctor's voice urging them to endure, and the fluttering of the tent flag in the strong wind.
After a short silence, Jaxon spoke.
"It's a west wind today, the doctor is in the third tent from here. That cart's left wheel axle is loose. It might break in two days, or today, if unlucky."
It was as he said. The cart wheel, which had been rolling smoothly, suddenly collapsed to one side with a creak.
"Damn it!"
The soldier driving the cart cursed in frustration.
"If you distinguish and identify sounds, you can always look around."
Enkrid was amazed. Was this possible? Jaxon just showed it was.
"The method of growing eyes on the back and training hearing. Can you do it?"
This hearing training was more about the environment, not the method. Just distinguishing sounds. Of course, it wasn't easy.
"It helps to keep listening to and distinguishing the same sounds repeatedly? And when that becomes familiar, try different ways?"
The squad leader understood well despite his martial skills being separate. Understanding quickly meant learning quickly. The squad leader quickly grasped Jaxon's point.
"Yes, that's right. One way to detect the steps or presence of an assassin moving silently is by distinguishing the sound of the surrounding air. If you know an assassin well, have him secretly aim for your throat. That would be the best training."
The rest was half a joke. He even smiled slightly while speaking. Though a joke, it was a necessary explanation. Jaxon unconsciously said it, impressed by how easily his trash explanations w
ere understood. Thinking there would never be a connection with the squad leader.
And then—
"Really?"
The squad leader's eyes shone even brighter.
A truly incomprehensible person.
That's how Jaxon evaluated Enkrid.
Chapter 18: Still Alive?
When night fell, he tried to listen for the sound of the assassin approaching. It didn't mean much. There were no sounds or signs to be felt.
‘Let’s do this for now.’
No worries. Once a training method is decided, just follow it like an ox plowing a field. Enkrid did just that.
Before the poison dart flew, the assassin would surely enter the tent. He would listen for that presence. Each day, he would fall asleep and wake up to the same morning. However, he didn’t foolishly repeat only nighttime training.
If he was doing it anyway, it was best to do his utmost.
During the day, he would seek out Jaxon. Today was the day right after he learned auditory training. Enkrid had to wait modestly in front of the tent. He had come too early compared to usual. Since he heard whispering inside, he didn’t get closer.
Whatever secret conversations they were having, there was no need to eavesdrop. After waiting, he met Jaxon.
“Let’s walk together.”
As they walked, they talked. The same questions, the same attitude. Even though Enkrid heard the same words every time, he unconsciously showed the attentive listening attitude that Crang had demonstrated.
Good listening was closely related to good learning. One must listen well and understand to proceed to the next step. Even if he didn’t realize it, instinctively he knew listening was important, so Enkrid listened well.
In that regard, attentive listening was an excellent tool. Jaxon repeated the same words every time. Sometimes, Enkrid had to mimic being a genius.
“Having eyes on the back of your head means listening, right? You mean hearing with your ears?”
“...You don’t even need an explanation.”
“Sounds have directions. You can distinguish front and back, left and right. You can use the direction and intensity of the sound, right?”
“Were you a genius?”
“What?”
“Nothing. You’re smarter than I thought.”
“Did I look like an idiot to you?”
“That’s not it.”
And then he died again. The day repeated once more. It started with the complaints of Vengeance.
“Ah, no breakfast? Where did that bastard go?”
“Yes, it’s natural to get grumpy when you’re hungry.”
“What?”
“I’ll go get breakfast so our platoon leader stops whining.”
“...Are you crazy?”
Not really. It didn’t matter what he said, so he started by teasing. He watched those passing by. Using part of the routine as a reference, he slightly changed how he spent the repetitive day. Enkrid spent the morning half jokingly and then repeated his day.
Five times, ten times.
As he repeated, he got used to pulling Jaxon out of the tent. At first, it was awkward, but after overhearing their whispered conversations, he became shameless. They talked about where they enjoyed it today, where it was good before, and their preferred positions.
In the repeated today, Enkrid unhesitatingly pulled back the tent flap.
“Jaxon, do you have time?”
“...What is it?”
“If you want to continue, I’ll step aside.”
“You sure know how to kill the mood.”
“Then come out.”
The woman next to him gave him a bewildered look as if to say, ‘What’s with this guy?’
At first, it was embarrassing, but he got used to it and became shameless. He ignored her. More importantly, even when he did this, Jaxon didn’t particularly express dissatisfaction. He was just curious about why Enkrid was acting this way. His curiosity was always resolved in the same manner.
“Are you curious about that?”
“No. Never mind.”
The same went for training. Once he got used to hearing sounds to some extent, Jaxon expressed doubt.
“...Did you learn this before?”
“My grandfather taught me a little when I was young.”
Enkrid was a war orphan. He didn’t know his parents, let alone his grandfather.
“I see.”
Even with such an implausible excuse, Jaxon just let it pass. Enkrid always spent his day valuably. When training to thrust, it was all about moving his body. This time, it was all about sitting still.
There were results. Enkrid continued his steady progress, albeit slowly.
‘Let’s do as I learned.’
If he couldn’t take a full step, he would take a half step. If not even a half step, then a quarter step. If even that was not allowed, he would start by wiggling his toes.
About the 20th repetition of the same day.
‘I can hear it.’
He heard the sound of the wind striking the feathers.
Creak.
He heard the grating sound of the wagon wheels. It sounded like the gears meshing in a broken clock.
‘The sound of breaking.’
There were different kinds of sounds. Some sounds conveyed information as if they were speaking. For instance, the sound of the flag fluttering.
“Figuring out the west wind is easy. First, check where I’m sitting, then find the north. Follow the direction of the sound of the flag fluttering.”
It was easy to say but no one could do this instantly. Repeat and repeat again. As always, splitting the day and living each day did not change his mindset. Everything created a synergistic effect.
‘Follow the sound of the fluttering feathers.’
Depending on where he was sitting, he could determine the direction of the wind. It wasn’t particularly practical for everyday life or the battlefield. You could tell the direction of the wind even while sitting. However, the significance lay in figuring it out by sound alone. Distinguishing voices and estimating their size, and measuring distances.
‘If mastered properly, it would be useful even on the battlefield.’
Come to think of it, Jaxon always avoided dangerous battlefields one step ahead. Did he listen, judge, and then move? Is that even possible?
Right now, he didn’t know.
The first step of this training was distinguishing sounds. The second step was measuring distance by sound.
Enkrid had just completed these two steps.
The third step was distinguishing even the smallest sounds. The best training was said to be listening for the presence of an assassin.
‘It’s funny, but...’
It was the best environment. Not knowing what happened and just dying was truly much more unpleasant than expected. The very situation of dying without any resistance was the worst.
Even so,
‘Could this be an opportunity?’
Such thoughts naturally came to mind. He didn’t get up from the bed. If he got involved with the freckled night watch, he would die repeatedly. There was no need for that. Lying down, he closed his eyes and concentrated.
First, listen. The next steps could be considered later.
During the day, he listened to the sound of wheels turning, wooden nails breaking and shaking, and the sound of intact wheels. He distinguished the sounds of flags, tents, and people’s voices fluttering in the wind. Repeating the same thing could be tiresome and painful for someone.
‘It’s fun.’
For Enkrid, it was different. Even the smallest growth brought him joy. It wasn’t like learning the Heart of the Beast where he had to move his body, but it consumed a lot of mental energy. When he concentrated too much, he often got headaches as if his head was going to split. But even that became manageable, after about thirty repetitions. Although small, he lived a different life today than yesterday.
Enkrid loved that immensely.
So, on the 56th night.
Sss.
The sound of the torch burning on the stand. The sound of a night guard startled awake, striking the ground with his spear. The sound of the freckled medic night watch occasionally lifting the tent flap. Among those sounds, a tiny sound pierced his ears.
The swish of air escaping.
‘I heard it.’