If Gong Juhee took one spot, who would be the other one?
The cadets were perking their ears up in order to hear that.
– Ah, by the way, as the overall producer of this event, I have great expectations for the main declarer this time around. For that reason, I would like to select the supporting declarer with the help of the main declarer’s own perspective.
Words that had never been heard of before started leaving Producer Ha Junsoo’s mouth.
– Cadet Yu Kaeul. Could you sit here for a while?
Contestants, guardians as well as related staff members all watched the tip of Ha Junsoo’s finger with shock. His finger was pointing at the empty seat which had belonged to Oh Minsung.
Right now.
From the position of a contestant applying for a declarer position, she became a person in charge of choosing the members.
“…”
Even the one in charge of member selection sitting next to him was baffled by the producer’s abrupt decision. Wearing a calm expression, Kaeul sat on the seat.
“I understand that you might be surprised from the sudden turn of events.”
“…”
“But you see, the atmosphere given by Cadet Kaeul during the declaration was extremely different from what we had planned. Of course, in a good way that is. So instead of choosing the supporting declarers ourselves on our own accord, I thought that it would be good to have Cadet Kaeul giving us your opinion as the main declarer yourself.”
“…Yes.”
“Don’t worry about the first, second and third ranks that were given just then and please choose freely.”
With a dull gaze, Kaeul, who had not yet escaped from the immersion, gently gave a nod and glanced across the contestant seats with a low gaze.
Only then did the contestants realise what was going on. They had all spent tremendous effort for this audition and their gazes that had been watching Kaeul changed in that instant. By either standing up from their seats or forming pitiful expressions, they urged her to pick themselves.
– You’re saying that I, need to choose someone, right.
Kaeul’s sunken voice flowed out from the mic.
– Yes. Please select a supporting declarer that would suit you. When we choose the final declaring members, we will fully take into account Cadet Kaeul’s opinion.
She, who had been blankly staring at the contestants, formed a crooked smile on her lips. Her expression was looking directly at reality, discerning the use and merits of humans and was similar to Yu Jitae from the past.
“A support that would suit me…” after murmuring as such to herself, Kaeul soon slowly opened her mouth, with a clear pronunciation.
– They’re all, disqualified.
Chapter 31: Declarer Selection (3)
“Why is she like that.”
Yu Jitae was asking Bom over the phone.
He had well known that Kaeul was in a strange state, but it was slightly more serious than he had thought.
The person in question was none other than Yu Kaeul, and her showing a reaction like that in front of so many people was something even he hadn’t expected.
– …Ahjussi.
From the other side of the phone, Bom hesitantly asked.
– You know that miserable friend you told me about, did you by any chance tell Kaeul about that?
“…Yeah.”
He could hear Bom whispering, “Ah…”
“Why.”
– The gold race, you see, can immerse themselves in the emotions they feel, more than they should.
Immerse?
– Normally, humans stop at sympathy after listening to others’ emotions, right? Hatchlings are usually like that as well, but the gold race has a different depth to it.
“A different depth?”
– When faced with emotions, they empathise very deeply, as if they become that person.
Hearing that, Yu Jitae could finally understand – he could understand the reason why she became a celebrity in every round of regression, as well as why she crumbled into a mess in front of the overflowing malice.
– Kaeul is excessively absorbed right now. And the person she is immersing herself to be is most likely…
It would most likely be Yu Jitae from the past.
Right now, she wasn’t something like a baby chicken.
She was a black silkie.
Tick.
The microphones of the judges were turned off. It appeared that Ha Junsoo and the member selector were trying to persuade Kaeul in a fluster.
– But I don’t think the immersion is that strong yet.
That was what Bom then said.
– If there were stages to the ‘immersion’ of the gold race, she should be at the first stage right now. It’s only the emotions and the atmosphere that she’s copying.
“Then, what about that ‘They’re all disqualified’ thing she said?”
– She probably meant that there weren’t any supports that could suit her, but I think that’s her honest opinion.
Kaeul was bad at reading the mood but because of that, she tried her hardest to read the mood.
If she was in her baby chicken form when the choice to select supporting declarers was given, she would have glanced around in confusion before blabbering about how anyone would be fine.
“What would happen if she gets into a deeper immersive state than that.”
– If there was a second stage above that, then she would be copying the values and thoughts of the target itself. She would start imitating the thoughts and actions of the one she’s immersed in.
That wouldn’t be good.
– …Ahjussi.
Bom asked in a softer voice.
– I’m asking this just in case, but that friend within that story, is not a bad person or anything like that, right?
He was a wanted criminal.
After the second regression ended, Yu Jitae of the third regression massacred anything that irritated him regardless of whether they were a human or a demon. He had done so in a very cruel manner.
Due to that, it was important to stop Kaeul from immersing herself more than she already was.
The question though, was how.
– …I don’t know either.
That was what Bom then said.
…
– The fact that we got close like this is an unprecedented thing that happened because of ahjussi. Normally, we are not this close with other races.
Feeling his neck going stiff, Yu Jitae cracked his neck.
But then again, that person called the producer should be able to persuade her. Since he was someone that would be trying his best for the entrance ceremony, he would be thus trying the hardest he could to create the best result.
Opening his ears up, Yu Jitae eavesdropped their conversation.
“B, but what if there was someone that could be used as a decent supporting role?”
“…There’s none.”
“C, cadet Kaeul…!”
“Their expressions are all immature and their emotions are paper-thin. If you are looking for harmony between the main declarer and the supporting declarers, I think it would be better if I left.”
“Aht…”
The black silkie spoke with an emotionless voice. Due to that, the person in charge of the selection was sweating his guts out in the middle of his bafflement.
It seemed that the situation required Producer Ha Junsoo to give a hand.
“Indeed. She’s right.”
But unforunately, even Producer Ha Junsoo wasn’t in his right mind.
“E, excuse me?”
“Getting rid of all the supporting roles and pushing for one main is a possibility.”
“Whaaat?”
He was going a step further.
“Do you understand what I’m saying, Mister producer?”
“Ah, of course I do. If you do the first and the second acts as well, then there shouldn’t be any problems there. Nn? What’s wrong with your face, Mister Junhyun? Do you have a good plan?”
“Good plan my ass! Of course you can’t do that! What’s gotten into you, Producer…!”
The person in charge of the declaring member selection started desperately persuading Ha Junsoo. He talked about how it would go against the planned procedures, as well as the contract.
Meanwhile, several other guardians faced their eyes at Yu Jitae.
When Kaeul was put on the judges’ seats, they had complained about it, saying how a management like this could ever be allowed. But when Ha Junsoo replied to them by saying, “You can leave if you are discontent” they suddenly turned quiet.
They were thus staring at Yu Jitae with a myriad of emotions but there wasn’t anyone approaching him for a conversation.
“Mister Yu Jitae.”
Except for one person, that is.
“Yes.”
“What a joyous thing could this be? It’s a happy day for the Yu household. Congratulations.”
Wei Yan had an amiable smile on his face.
“Thank you.”
“Ahh, seriously though, congratulations. By the way, as fellow people who both support cadets, will it be possible for me to request you with something?”
His true intention immediately seeped out and it would surely be about using Gong Juhee as a supporting declarer at the very least.
Although he was seeing Wei Yan several times already, he thought that it could even be considered a wondrous thing that a demon could lower their head so low.
Wei Yan’s favourability hanging on the Eyes of Equilibrium was absolute hate. Inwardly, he hated Yu Jitae so much that he could kill him and yet he still wore a bright smile on the outside, in order to back up a cadet belonging to his study group.
At least his patience was at a top level amongst demons.
“Who knows…”
Thus, Yu Jitae decided to test his patience.
“I don’t think we are close enough to support each other though.”
“Ahh, you’re right. In fact, I do feel cautious about sharing a conversation like this. There was an unfavourable event as well.”
“Indeed there was.”
“But isn’t it better to forget the things of the past? Just like how I did, I would like to ask you for your generosity, sir guardian.”
In other words, he was saying, ‘I held it in despite Yeorum’s incident offending me so you should brush aside Gong Juhee’s actions as well.’
“…Yes. Let’s do as you say.”
“Ah, thank you very much. In that case, in order to create an even better declaration, could you ask Cadet Yu Kaeul to recommend Cadet Gong Juhee as one of the supporting declarers?”
Yu Jitae remained quiet.
He had been talking solely with Wei Yan, but all the nearby guardians were pointing their ears at their conversation and Wei Yan must be aware of that as well.
When the silence continued, they perked their ears up even more.
“By the way, there are two supporting declarers, right?”
“Ah, yes. You’re right.”
“When I suggest someone to Kaeul, I can tell her two names… who would be good for the other person?”
Wei Yan formed a faint frown.
“Umm…”
That was when one of the other guardians opened their mouth.
“Hello Mister Yu Jitae. I’m sorry for interrupting your conversation.”
“…Ah, yes.”
“I am the guardian of the candidate Ayase, called Hasegawa. If possible, could you tell Ayase’s name as well when you’re suggesting the supporting declarers to Cadet Kaeul?”
Seeing Yu Jitae not giving him a response, Hasegawa requested with a slightly more rushed expression.
“My cadet had been preparing for this event for more than one and a half years. I can’t send her back empty-handedly after making it to the final audition.”
“Ah, please wait.”
Another guardian chimed in. This time, it was a white person.
“Sir guardian. My cadet, Jefferson, had been preparing for the entrance ceremony’s declaration for more than 2 years now. Please give him a chance.”
“Austin. I’m speaking right now, am I not?”
Hasegawa glared with wide-open eyes but the white guardian did not even spare him a glance as he bent his back in front of Yu Jitae.
“Please.”
“Ah, please wait a second. Guardian Yu Jitae.”
This time was another white person.
“To Hansen, this declaration is a huge chance that could regain the honour of Denmark’s royal family. In the previous monster attack, Denmark’s royal family…”
With them as the signal, other guardians also came up to him while pushing at each other and before long, a rowdy atmosphere was created.
They, who had been watching the situation unfold with eager emotions, all shot out of their seats and approached him. “Our cadet…!”, “As sister nations…”. With those words, they contested for the remaining position that could be given to their respective cadets.
There were people who rubbed their fingers and said, “Do you need some help by any chance…?” while some pleaded with their knees on the ground.
That was how desperate they were for this opportunity.
Currently, the atmosphere was miles away from how it had been at the start. Wei Yan, who naturally believed that he had already won a spot, had taken a step back while watching the situation unfold like a bystander.
And when the person leading the conversation went from the guardians to Yu Jitae, the Regressor slowly opened his mouth.
“…It seems that one spot wouldn’t be enough.”
One spot? Who, what?
They thought, but soon understood his words.
“What? Is that true?”
“Guardian Yu Jitae!”
At that moment, Wei Yan’s eyes distorted like a devil’s but it only lasted for a split second. Immediately reverting back to a gentleman-like expression, Wei Yan interjected.
“What do you mean by that, Mister Yu Jitae?”
“Ah, professor.”
“But why would you suddenly take our Juhee’s…”
“…I can relate to their circumstances and would love to help.”
“Like, who here isn’t desperate though? Do you help others like that often?”
“Somewhat.”
“Ah… haha… I see. But I thought you promised…”
Yu Jitae did not respond.
It was a negation.
That was when Wei Yan’s lips were lifted in a distorted state. Although the smile appeared natural, the excessive power that had gone into his chin, as well as the bright, burning neck could not be hidden.
His favourability was reaching an explosive level of hate. Having his true nature showing up here would be fine as well because a demon with their nature revealed would become a common enemy.
However, despite blood soaring up to the top of his head, Wei Yan did not make any rash judgments.
The guardians, however, were staring at Wei Yan with blades in their eyes.
Few minutes ago, they had been encouraging each other for good luck and yet when the position of a supporting declarer was in question, their attitudes changed in an instant.
Licking his lips, Wei Yan made an awkward smile and the same was with Gong Juhee’s guardian. He hadn’t even found the right timing to chime in.
It was then.
Wei Yan’s phone suddenly rang and seeing the number showing on his phone, he quickly turned his body around and left the audition venue.
Yu Jitae deeply stared at his distancing back.
– Please be quiet. We will now announce the main and the supporting declarers.
Perhaps due to the disputes of the guardians taking too long, the judges had made their own decision. Seeing the opportunity escape from their grasp, the guardians secretly let out sighs.
– The main declarer will be Cadet Yu Kaeul, and…
After listening up to that point, Yu Jitae decided to leave the venue for a while.
*
Receiving a phone call in a situation this important and leaving outside meant that an even more important incident had occurred. Walking onto the corridor in large strides, he concealed his presence and followed Wei Yan from a distance.
He already had somewhat of a guess.
Right after the teaching staff Oh Minsung was insulted by Ha Junsoo, he had thrown a glare at Ha Junsoo and Kaeul. In that instant, his nature that was revealed by the Eyes of Equilibrium was exploding in evil. This only occurred when someone truly decided to do something evil.
So he was thinking that something might happen and he seemed to have been on the mark.
However, there were footsteps following Yu Jitae from behind. Looking back, he found Bom standing there.
“What about Gyeoul.”
“I left her with Yeorum. Where are you going?”
“…No need for you to know.”
“I want to follow along.”
“…”
Her expression was serious. It seemed that she had seen something via Providence.
“No.”
“Why?”
With silence, he rejected her request. Situations that diverged from daily lives shouldn’t be shared with the dragons. Hereafter, he would be killing someone, and that process wasn’t for the dragons to see.
“I want to go with you.”
“Like I said, you can’t.”
“…I won’t disturb you. Please just let me go along.”
Bom remained stubborn, but he had no time for a conversation. Turning his body around, he looked directly into Bom’s eyes and slowly opened his mouth.
“Yu Bom.”
With a dry voice, and a short sentence calling her name, the atmosphere immediately changed. Her eyes widened into circles.
“Go back.”
Bom opened her lips but was unable to say anything, and her lips faintly trembled. Soon, she turned around without another word.
Only then did Yu Jitae turn around and chase after Wei Yan. A demonic aura mixed within the surrounding mana, resembled a drop of blood in a pond which was moments away from dispersing, but it still led him with a direction.
Soon, Yu Jitae walked into Lair’s restricted area (prohibited entry).
Buildings abandoned in the middle of demolishment entered his sight.
Chapter 32: Changes in the Seventh Iteration
The Regressor’s instincts sharply rose up and he could feel the odour of blood and rotten flesh seeping in.
Wei Yan was headed to a certain alleyway, which Yu Jitae followed into. Although he walked over a path clumped up in dust, his feet did not leave any footsteps behind. His heart rate gradually decreased, and the little sounds of his joints were blocked by mana.
Wind avoided him.
It was his first time walking into Lair’s restricted area, even out of all the regressions he had.
There, he could feel several gazes.
Turning his eyes around at the partially destructed buildings, he found crimson eyes glancing from behind the curtains of the broken windows.
Evileyes.
They were lage eyeballs floating around, and appeared to be keeping a close eye on the restricted area following the commands of the demons.
Wei Yan followed down the stairs of a certain building to its basement. That place was the epicentre of the odour he had been feeling.
“What happened.”
Standing on the stairs leading down to the basement, Wei Yan asked with a cold voice. From deeper inside the darkness, a sigh escaped.
“He has completely gone mad. Some of us went up and tried to stop him, but we couldn’t calm him down.”
“How many sacrifices.”
“It’s two. One male and a female. One of them is a cadet.”
Hearing that, Wei Yan similarly let out a sigh.
“… That thing is far from being human.”
A sacrifice. It was a jargon of the demons, and referred to the victims used in keeping their desires under control.
“You may go. I’ll take care of the rest.”
“…”
There was no response.
“What are you doing. I’m telling you to go.”
“Are you planning to keep him at Lair, sir?”
“Why would you ask that?”
“The lord feels uncomfortable about it.”
The lord referred to the head of Undetectables, the organisation of demons.
“I’ll take care of it.”
“There has been an order. To get rid of as many unstable elements as possible.”
“Oi.”
Wei Yan’s voice changed.
“So what.”
His previously gentle tone was long gone.
“…Sorry?”
“So what, huh. Oi you impertinent guy. Are you my lord or something?”
“That’s not the case, but.”
“But, what.”
“But the lord is feeling displeased about it so I was just trying to warn you…”
As his words continued, Wei Yan’s body in response started trembling heavily, as if he was in a seizure.
“You damn… guys…”
His eyes facing the ceiling of the basement fluctuated unstably.
“Who do you think…”
Soon, his gaze fell down and reached the demons.
“Youarefuckinglookingat,huh? Areyouaskingmetodigthemout? ShouldIsliceyourgutsoutaswellandhangthemonatower? Huuuh—-!!!?”
A large bellow shook the entire basement while the surrounding mana shook as if it had gone insane.
Slash–!
A whipping sound soon followed suit, which was then followed by the sound of blood being splashed on the floor. Only then, did Wei Yan’s trembling body come to a stoip.
“Sorry… But still, we should respect superiors, right?”
“…Yes.”
“Go on. I’ll take care of the rest.”
Seeing two demons walking towards him, Yu Jitae hid within the darkness. The woman had her cheek torn apart and the inside of her skin was in display but things resembling tentacles came out from the surrounding skin and were healing the wound.
Yu Jitae etched their faces into his head.
He then once again climbed down the stairs. He could hear the sounds slightly clearer. There was the growling noise of a beast, a scream continuing onto silence, and the sound of rustling clothes.
“Minsung-hyung.”
Furs, claws, tentacles and others all added into one – the teaching staff, Oh Minsung had turned into something resembling a beast. He was digging his head into the ground, indulging himself in something.
“Minsung-hyung. Let’s have a chat.”
Wei Yan tapped Oh Minsung’s head several times with his foot but Oh Minsung did not move. Behind him, there was a body of a man which had long turned into a corpse.
The faint gasps of breath that could stop at any second was coming from beneath Oh minisung and when Yu Jitae looked closer, he found a bare skin covered in blood.
“Look at me, hyung. Let’s have a chat, yes? A chat. Stop… stop fucking eating that shit and look at me.”
Bam!
Wei Yan kicked Oh Minsung’s head with his foot.
Due to that, Oh Minsung was pushed away. Hiding within the darkness, Yu Jitae could finally see the thing that had been under the demon.
A blonde hair,
Just like a baby chicken.
…It was a girl.
She had become a mess of blood, with several parts of her body having been devoured by the demon.
“Aigo. My brother, were you that angry?”
“…”
The beast huffed while staring at Wei Yan.
“That’s Ha Junsoo, and this is Yu Kaeul huh? You must’ve tried hard looking for them. But, I told you right. I told you to not touch cadets since it makes things annoying.”
Wei Yan then tapped the blonde-haired girl with his foot. The child was wearing cadet clothes.
She wasn’t Yu Kaeul; she was merely someone that resembled her. It seemed that she had been wandering around this area before being abducted.
“…”
“Well, whatever. Anyways, what should we do with you? To have this little patience… our lord is telling me to expel you.”
“…”
“I’m trying to do a good job taking care of you because you are an acquaintance from my human days, but it’s not easy. It was just a little judge position. How can you get upset so easily?”
“…”
“I told you to just wait three months right. After three months, I would be stepping onto a Seat myself… huu, seriously.”
Stepping onto a Seat?
Yu Jitae formed a frown.
Seats in the organisation of demons, referred to the four selected demons of the organisation. Unlike normal demons who would act by themselves, the ones that have rose up to these Seats form their own troops.
Plus, they are given the highest rank of strength amongst demons, the power of a ‘catastrophe’, just like the demon that had forced Yu Jitae to despair in the second round of regression.
However, Wei Yan had never taken a Seat within the repeating regressions. Never.
It happened while he was in doubt.
[The authority, [Vintage Clock(EX)] reads the hostility sent from the other side of the Horizon of Providence.]
[The authority, [Vintage Clock(EX)] observes an existence that has escaped the boundaries of time.]
[Opponent: [Demon, Wei Yan]]
[Explanation: There has been an interference from the existence outside the world’s timeline, who holds dissatisfaction about the regressions. From the repetitive flow of regressions, the demon Wei Yan is partially dislocated.]
[Wei Yan of the Seventh Iteration: Wei Yan of this iteration, exists while having an accumulation of the strongest weapon, greatest connections and the best luck of the six previous regressions.]
A message floated up on Vintage Clock’s status window.
Yu Jitae’s chin turned tense.
At a far, distant place, outside the Horizon of Providence, there was an existence that belongs somewhere in the midst, who holds a dissatisfaction about his regressions. Its interference was proven by the evidence called Wei Yan.
He felt irritation soaring up inside.
What kind of bastard is this.
What sort of bastard was this, that it was trying to make him eat shit.
What was it so dissatisfied about.
Yu Jitae thought back on the best of everything Wei Yan had in each of the past regressions. Indeed, if those elements were to all get added, it was possible for Wei Yan to rise to a Seat.
“Anyways, I don’t think you can stay inside Lair, hyung. As soon as I finish organising stuff, I’ll move you outside. Until then, wait here quietly. Two days should be fine.”
“…”
“Hyung.”
“…”
“You know how much I like you, right?”
The demon did not respond. Leaving the sound of laughter behind, Wei Yan turned around and walked outside.
Yu Jitae had been planning on leaving Wei Yan alive until the end-of-the-year event where he would utilise all the demons under him. However, the situation was different now. If he grew up till he rose to a Seat, killing him would become a tedious task.
Within those that were currently positioned on a Seat, there was one who distributed its life to ten different demons. Even if nine were to die, he could stay alive as long as there was one remaining alive.
That was how annoying the Seated demons were.
Therefore, he had to cut off Wei Yan’s limbs – every limb until the day of the event.
As soon as Wei Yan left, Yu Jitae revealed himself from the darkness. This place appeared to be a location where demons let go of their instincts and satisfied their desires. He could see corpses locked up inside cells after walking deeper in.
They were humans who had been killed after the demons finished satisfying their desires.
Growl.
Oh Minsung let out a low growl after finding Yu Jitae. Instinctively, it realised that Yu Jitae was an enemy and thus attacked him without a single hesitation. Like a beast, it dashed at Yu Jitae on four legs.
However, its charge was blocked by one movement. Yu Jitae had held Oh Minsung, who had turned into a beast, by its chin.
He put strength into his grip.
Crack.
The jaw bone started crumbling.
Oh Minsung attempted to scream but its lungs had already been excessively emptied out by Yu Jitae. Within the ever-so quiet basement, a beast continued its struggle in mid-air.
[Shapeless Sword (SS)]
He bisected the two legs and arms of the beast.
After a struggle, Oh Minsung ended up on the ground.
Walking up, Yu Jitae held the beast by its hair and started bashing its head onto the ground.
Kung. Kung.
As the shock continued after another, Oh Minsung’s face was caved in and his skull had been deformed.
This was a sort of habit – a habit that did not allow demons to have an easy road to their afterlife. Just like that, Oh Minsung slowly began dying.
Yu Jitae closed his eyes for a short period of time.
His heart thumped heavily whenever he was killing a demon. As if it was the purpose of his life, his heart raced against the rib cages to signify its presence.
At the same time, every strand of his hazy sensations rose up. Quickly, he let out a deep breath to drive out the accompanying pleasure.
He looked at the crumbled face belonging to Oh Minsung and deciding that it was time to let him go, Yu Jitae slowly pierced the Shapeless Sword into his head.
Ripping through the skin, the killing intent demolished the forehead and entered Oh Minsung’s body. The beast pissed itself and writhed in agony and Yu Jitae watched it die with an indifferent gaze.
In the first place, he had been planning to kill him.
Since he was a low-ranked demon, killing him did not make the organisation of demons cautious. He did not need to worry about them hiding like cockroaches.
However, Yu Jitae now had a different trail of thought.
After killing him, he decided to look for and kill some of the high-ranked demons as well. It didn’t matter even if that ended up having others be more careful with their actions. Before Wei Yan could grow any further and rise to the position of a Seat, he deemed it important to crush anything that could be beneficial for Wei Yan.
All of that, was to make sure he could kill Wei Yan in an easier way at Melissa Ballroom during the end-of-the-year event.
“…Go and wait. I’ll send a few down after you.”
As soon as his words ended, the beast’s corpse laid down powerlessly.
Just like that, Oh Minsung died.
When the stimulus disappeared, his sharpened senses were immediately lifted. His eyes turned hazy, his ears lost its edge, and his sense of touch became dull. This was how he always felt.
For the first time in a long period of time, the Regressor felt a suffocating feeling but even then, it was something that must be withstood.
[Eradication (S)]
He placed his thumb next to the index finger and ran them against each other.
Click.
With the click of his finger, a black flame appeared on the body which would consume everything without leaving behind any traces.
“…”
That was when a soft voice was heard.
Turning his head around, he could see the dying blonde-haired girl staring at the ceiling. Her small body seemed to be trying its hardest to hold onto the dwindling breath.
Ignoring that, he walked up the stairs. His task had ended already.
…But after walking up, he came back down.
No matter how much he thought, he couldn’t find the reason. Why did he himself come back down? Perhaps he had felt pity for this girl who he did not even know the name of.
However, he couldn’t help her in any way. The man only knew how to kill, and did not know how to save a failing life.
Yu Jitae crouched down in front of the child. Her eyes had already lost focus.
On the girl’s neck, there was an identification tag of a cadet. Carefully, he pulled it out and took it with him.
Leaving the restricted area on the way back to the audition venue, he placed the identification tag into a lost property collection box.
After that, he forgot everything about the girl.
From what he remembered, death was a common occurrence.
Chapter 33: Entrance Ceremony
The audition came to an end.
– Let me announce the supporting declarers
The combination of a black silkie and a selfish producer was amazing. Unexpectedly, the two supporters they decided on were candidates who had not even been in the top three.
“…”
At the end of the audition while the applicants either laughed or cried on their way out, mixed within the crowd, Gong Juhee glared at Kaeul. She was glaring forth with deep displeasure when Kaeul turned around and looked back at her.
Kaeul’s eyes were dark and dead. Startled, Gong Juhee clenched her teeth and turned her head away.
‘What kind of person is that?’
Was the innocent look from before an act? She thought that Yu Kaeul was a sly fox with a black heart.
Gong Juhee then threw a glare back in rage but this time, her eyes met Yu Jitae’s while he was on his way back into the hall. This person made her feel even more uncomfortable. Despite the short period of the eye contact, she felt as if the depths of her heart were being read in full.
She unconsciously let out a gasp, before quickly turning her head away again.
“…Juhee?”
The guardian belonging in the Gong household was surprised and looked at his cadet.
“Are you alright?”
“…I’m going to have some fresh air. Don’t look for me.”
While letting out little sobs, she replied. Then she separated herself from her guardian and walked off.
It was then that a red-haired girl with both of her hands stuck inside the pockets of her tracksuit approached Gong Juhee. After that, the girl bent her back and stared directly at Gong Juhee’s face.
“What you looking at. First time seeing a person cry or something?”
“…”
“Get lost.”
In response, the redhead spoke with a nonchalant voice.
“No? That’s not it. I’m not trying to watch or anything and just wanted to cheer you up.”
“…”
Gong Juhee made a frown.
This voice, and this tone. She understood who Yu Yeorum was imitating right now – it was the same tone she herself had used at Kaeul.
“Try your best. There’s next year as well.”
“There is no next year for entrance ceremonies. Go away!”
“Hey… isn’t that too much to say to someone that’s trying to cheer you up? Aung, I’m fine with it, but others might hate that you know?”
“Do you want to die for real?!”
Gong Juhee contained her trembling, but looked as if she could dash in at any moment. Only then did Yeorum distance herself with a grin, and whisper something with a melody.
“My sister~ only prepared it for a week~”
Hnn~ One week~.
Eyes filled with killing intent faced Yeorum, who then thought to herself.
‘I’ll have a damn good sleep tonight.’
***
Kaeul remained indifferent despite having been selected as the declarer. When Bom asked in doubt, “Aren’t you happy?”, Kaeul responded.
“…I am.”
But the expression on her face didn’t support her claim.
Her immersion was still there, despite returning to the dormitory. She wiped Yeorum’s sword clean, and started organising her room morbidly. The mysophobia of the past Yu Jitae was being reflected through her.
During that, something irritated the sight of the blonde-haired black silkie.
Click clack.
The protector was starting to get used to its life in this place. Perhaps it was due to Yu Jitae having removed the Demon Count’s seal from him, but after regaining its free will, the protector pondered on methods that could allow an efficient workflow.
‘…Is there a need to wash the dishes after every meal?’
In the dorms, there were lots of people that had meals. It included Yu Jitae, Bom, Yeorum, Kaeul as well as Gyeoul, who recently started eating rice like others. Plus, there was also the clone who had his meal before work.
Although they didn’t need to, they still took their meals whenever it was time to.
Plus, they would usually take their meals at different times of the day and thus plates gathered realtime. And because it had to wash the dishes every single time, the protector had to wear rubber gloves twelve times a day!
Putting rubber gloves over steel gauntlets was a daunting task and the rubber gloves being ripped with a slight mistake was a problem.
‘If I do it after delaying it, I could do it once a day.’
It was a revolutionary line of thought and thus, the protector postponed dishwashing and took care of everything at night.
“Oi, are you not going to wash the dishes?”
Sometimes, the clone asked with a glare.
“I am planning to.”
Even then, the protector held its ground. It would be a different story if it was Yu Jitae’s order, but there was no reason for it to listen to the commands of that faulty clone.
That wasn’t the end.
Every housework was the same and none of them had to be done every single time. Letting them build up for a while wasn’t even obvious so the protector could take its time with cleaning and taking out the rubbish.
That had been the case but…
“…Mister Cleaner.”
With golden, yet dark sunken eyes, Kaeul called it.
“Ah, yes my lady.”
“There are, lots of dishes to wash.”
Yu Jitae of the past had discerned the reason of existence by necessity and empathising with that state, Kaeul doubted the protector’s raison d’etre.
“Ahh, that’s…”
“Are you not going to.”
“I am planning to postpone it and do it all at once.”
The protector tried its best to appeal how it would efficiently take care of the tasks without going through a cumbersome process. But what returned from Kaeul, was unexpected.
“…There’s a thing my mum said. If you are going to delay today’s tasks to tomorrow, you are better off postponing it till your death.”
“Sorry…?”
“It seems, that she meant we should do it only once in our entire life.”
“Ahh, that, the… isn’t that a bit of an overstatement? If we delay it more than a day, there won’t be any cutleries left in the house.”
“In that case, I will buy more cutleries for you. You know, I actually have a lot of allowance saved up.”
The protector became flustered.
“No…!”
“Delay it. Delay, delay and delay so that you just have to do it once before you die. I will help you.”
“I, I’m sorry.”
The protector had to wash the dishes in sorrow.
That wasn’t the end. The crazy silkie then provoked the red boar.
“Why do you, always harass me unni?”
“…?”
Yeorum turned her head.
“What?”
“Does it feel good to harass a weak being like me? If you live like that, is it fun?”
“Have you gone mad?”
Wearing a frown, she stood up from her seat but when she did, Bom opened her mouth from the living room.
“Yeorum.”
“…I know. I know what state she’s in.”
But oblivious to the thoughts of the unnis, Kaeul continued adding oil to the fire.
“My mum said, that harassing the weak is something trash humans or pig nobles do.”
“…”
“In that case, which side would unni fall in.”
After several flinches, Yeorum barely let out a breath before forcing a smile.
“My dear sister… youuu. Let’s wait till that finishes and see what I do with you okay?”
“Look; look at this. When words don’t work, you go straight to threats. Unni is always like that. So simple that it must be fun.”
Yeorum twitched a few times before leaving the house.
Looking on from the side, Yu Jitae found Kaeul’s state to be a bit worrying and thus, he decided to ask Bom, about how long that would last.
However, Bom’s gaze facing himself wasn’t very friendly either.
“What’s wrong.”
“…Who knows.”
After saying that, Bom turned her head away.
Why’s she like this now.
Although Yu Jitae wasn’t very knowledgeable about the emotions of the daily lives, he still realised something after deep contemplation. It seemed that she had become sulky ever since he left her behind with some harsh words on the day of the audition.
For him, this was a perplexing situation. He did not know how to make a sulky dragon feel better.
“Here’s your food.”
That night, Bom gave him a dish with a pouty look. It had cucumber, carrots, a head of a fish and an unidentifiable crustacean. It was an otherworldly dish.
Even the smell itself was shocking.
“I didn’t ask for any food though.”
“Are you not going to eat it?”
“…Thanks for the food.”
Yu Jitae slowly appreciated Bom’s dish.
Its flavour…
Perhaps this dish, had flown here from the other side of the Horizon of Providence. It was so horrendous that it made him think that.
After indifferently finishing the food, Yu Jitae raised his head back up. Bom was directly looking at him, with eyes bent into faint crescents and was evidently in a slightly brighter mood.
“Why.”
“Yes? Nothing.”
Why does it look like she’s in a better mood.
Yu Jitae couldn’t understand, but it seemed that Bom was feeling better.
“Ahh, by the way ahjussi. I don’t think you need to worry too much about it.”
“Huh.”
“Kaeul will probably get better soon.”
“How?”
“Naturally.”
Apparently she had seen something through Providence and thus, Yu Jitae decided to not worry about it too much.
*
Time flew rapidly until the day of the entrance ceremony.
“Can I read this book?”
Bom spent her days idly while reading books or listening to music and Yeorum played games on consoles.
“Hey, do you have anything on today?”
And on days without anything to do, he had to be an opponent for Yeorum’s games. Since he had no talents in gaming, Yeorum liked Yu Jitae.
“Wow you’re so good?”
“…”
“Where did you learn how to play games? Your master must be an amazing person.”
He was insulted by Yeorum.
Kaeul was either called for the rehearsals or had to move around busily in order to meet the related personnel. Yu Jitae had to follow her as her guardian.
And Gyeoul spent her days clinging onto him like a koala.
Sometimes, he would look down after feeling a gaze but whenever he did that, Gyeoul would fidget with Yu Jitae’s clothes and look away at a distant place.
That was the same as before, but her feigning-ignorance skills were getting more natural as time passed.
Although it had been less than a month since she was born, he could feel her weight changing. It was safe to assume that her brain was developing at a similar rate.
*
Just like that, time passed until the day broke on the day of the entrance ceremony. Wearing cadet clothes, Bom and Yeorum entered the grand hall while Yu Jitae watched them from the guardian seats with Gyeoul in his arms.
Dozens of large cameras faced the stage.
After more than a thousand new cadets took their seats, the entrance ceremony began. An award certificate was presented to the cadet with the highest marks, after which a musical performance was held as a commemoration.
When those ended, Kaeul, who was still in her immersed state stood on the stage alongside two supporting declarers.
And soon, the declarations of the new cadets began.
*
In front of the mic, the first words of Act 3 escaped Kaeul’s mouth.
[I declare for the everlasting prosperity of the human race.]
For a long time, she felt like she was walking through a thick fog. She felt anxious, sad, exhausted and couldn’t even sleep during nights. Despite standing still, her heart raced and the tips of her fingers trembled.
Yu Kaeul thought that she was feeling nervous because of the approaching entrance ceremony.
[…This is a duty we face from the time civilization began; from the moment history was recorded; and from the time existences constituted a society.]
But after keeping those emotions for several days,
Yu Kaeul could finally understand.
As she continued with the pledges one by one, she reflected on the emotions she received from Yu Jitae – the miserable state of a fallen, destroyed person; the sorrow that had to be felt as the weak; hatred of everything in existence and detesting oneself more than anything for inability to protect loved ones.
Empathising herself with that person, she felt sorrow trembling her body. It was so pitiful that Kaeul wanted to console him. If he was here in this place, what would he say? Kaeul closed her eyes, as a drop of tear flowed down her cheek.
A friend of our ahjussi, who I don’t know the name of.
In his memories.
[…In this place, I vow.]
*
[…Regardless of death, in this place where we hope for progress, we vow by the fallen blood and sweat for this oath.]
She continued without a single mistake. The expression and atmosphere behind her declaration was enough to subconsciously draw a story inside one’s head.
It was a performance that made Ha Junsoo unconsciously form a tight fist.
[…In hopes that it would remain in this land forever, until the children of the distant future may remember our names.]
There, Kaeul stood.
“…Wahh, this year’s declarer is no joke.”
“…Seriously insane. It’s the best of the best.”
He could hear murmuring voices.
Kaeul successfully finished the declaration.
After the entrance ceremony came to an end and all the remaining procedures had been taken care of, Yu Jitae was waiting for her outside the building when the baby chicken walked out with a deeply excited expression.
Both of her cheeks had deep red flushes.
Perhaps the experience of the declaration was too intense but like what Bom had said, Kaeul’s immersion had naturally been undone.
“…”
The baby chicken slowly walked up to him. There were wet tears hanging on her wide, circular eyes.
“Ahjussi… Did I, do a good job…?”
Yu Jitae replied by placing his hand on her head.
“You did.”
“Thank you…”
On the verge of tears, Kaeul approached and hugged him tight. Soon, albeit late, Yu Jitae hugged her back.
One experience was enough.
Today will remain in the corner of her memories and will stay alive forever.
Chapter 34: Gaze (1)
“Oh my, my dear sister?”
Yeorum licked her lips with the end of her tongue and gave a coquettish smile.
“U, unni. H, hello…?”
With a frightened expression, the baby chicken looked around. She was in the small dorm, and there was nowhere to hide.
It seemed that the time she spent in her immersive state also remained in her memories.
“You look fine now don’t you? That’s good. Then should we have a little chat?”
“A, ahjussi!”
Yeorum took a step closer while the baby chicken freaked out and turned around. Her eyes facing Yu Jitae seemed to be screaming S.O.S. and after hearing her shout, Yeorum also looked at Yu Jitae.
They seemed to be waiting for a response and soon, Yu Jitae nonchalantly opened his mouth.
“Do what you want.”
There was no saviour for Yu Kaeul.
After the permission was given, Yeorum walked a step closer.
“Yu Kaeul.”
Her voice dripped with coldness.
“Mummy…!”
Kaeul hid behind Yu Jitae’s back. When Yeorum quickly dashed in and arrived behind Yu Jitae, the baby chicken threw her body to his front. And when Yeorum went back to the front, the baby chicken hid behind his back yet again in fright.
Yeorum made a frown.
“Come here.”
“Uahh, don’t wanna!”
“Thirty if you come by yourself, and forty if you get caught.”
“I, I don’t want either…!”
They went around Yu Jitae three to four times.
In the end, Kaeul became a victim of all sorts of wrestling techniques after being caught by Yeorum, and the house was filled with echoing screams. After the baby chicken collapsed in tatters, Yeorum then stood up with a satisfied smile hanging on her face.
“You asked if I enjoyed harassing you, right? It’s actually not that fun.”
When the baby chicken turned her teary eyes at herself, Yeorum let out a moan, “Haang…”
“It excites me.”
There were lots of people looking for Kaeul.
– Uh… Mister Yu Jitae, what about just once?
Although he completely ignored the phone calls of others, he still picked up the call from Team Leader Yong of the PR team. She was the person who had given a chance to Kaeul, who had been oblivious.
“If you’re talking about her being Lair’s public model, no.”
– I see. Is there perhaps a reason?
“There are circumstances.”
– Ahh…
What could she do after hearing that? Team Leader Yong was extremely regretful.
It was natural. The person she was looking for was the main declarer herself, who had excelled so much that the media called her as the best of the best. This was the best opportunity for Kaeul to give a great change to Lair’s image.
– Aigo. That’s so unfortunate.
“Sorry.”
But he remained obstinate. Yu Jitae had also checked the reactions from the public on the internet.
Yu Kaeul.
That name had entered the top trending topics of Korea’s web portal and related reports as well as comments had exploded out.
Most of the comments had been complimenting Yu Kaeul’s appearance, or her declaration. However, there were seldomly some negative comments and a few of them had vulgar language as if they were swearing at a sworn enemy.
The issue was that she was being mentioned too much. Although there were tens of thousands of compliments, there existed thousands of insults as well.
This, was the borderline.
Taking a step further from here would make things bothersome.
– In that case, what about just one interview?
“An interview, huh.”
– Yes. If you express that she wouldn’t be appearing on television there, wouldn’t it be possible to better convey the thoughts of the Yu household?
That much would be okay. But her offer was most definitely not out of pure kindness.
“…Are you thinking of an exclusive interview from the PR team.”
– Aht.
Team Leader Yong flinched but soon gave out a gentle laugh. It was the cunning laugh of a middle-aged woman.
– In exchange, we will also provide help when needed.
“That would be good. But not from the PR team.”
– Sorry?
“When needed, if Team Leader Yong can help us privately, we will agree to the interview.”
PR team’s help and a private aid from Team Leader Yong Dohee were different. There was a connotation that the latter was a bit more secretive.
– Okay. That would be good. Although it’s been some time since I washed my hands of it, that used to be my field of expertise in the past.
Washed her hands?
– Back in the days, I used to be a paparazzi.
He had a feeling that she would become a decent ally.
*
Q: Hello, Cadet Yu Kaeul.
A: Yes, hello!
Q: Currently in internet communities, Cadet Kaeul’s declaration is going extremely viral right now. I’m sure you know that already?
A: Yes yes.
Q: There are lots of positive comments about…
“Ah, one second.”
Team Leader Yong intervened and stopped the interview.
“Sorry?”
“I told you to get rid of those things as much as possible, right?”
“Ah… yes, I got it.”
After being scolded by Team Leader Yong, the interviewer fidgeted with the script.
Q: There are many people curious about how Cadet Kaeul spends her day. What do you do usually?
A: I eat delicious food! Macarons, chicken, red velvet cake, chocolate, ice cream, churros, jokbal, bossam, and… uh… and chocolate… (etc).
Due to leaving out all the sensitive and provocative questions, the result was a trivial interview, which Kaeul innocently continued giving answers to. Nothing was problematic until that point and it was exactly the same as how the interview had been planned to be like.
Finally, it was time for the long-awaited final question.
Q: Do you, by any chance, not plan to appear on TV programmes?
Kaeul stole a furtive glance at Yu Jitae and he returned a nod.
The night after the declaration ended, he had asked Kaeul whether she would be okay with that or not. In response, Kaeul gave a nod and said, “It’s alright. We made a promise right?” before closing her mouth shut for a long time.
A: Yes. There aren’t any plans.
Q: I’m sure everyone will agree that that’s a shame.
A: Hehe.
Q: Is it possible to ask you why?
A: Uh, umm… my mum… Ah, never mind! Can you edit this out?
Mum told me to treasure and keep promises, just as I would with my life.
Kaeul swallowed those words in.
***
Fall semester.
It was the first day of school.
Bom, Yeorum and Kaeul were wearing short-sleeved cadet shirts.
Haytling was slowly getting colder and there was a need to get prepared for the upcoming winter. He should buy warm clothes and a thicker blanket. Although no-one would really need it, that was still the thought that popped up in his head.
“What lessons are you taking unni?”
Kaeul asked during breakfast.
“Un. I’m studying superhuman studies, humanities, magic studies, societal studies, aesthetics…”
Bom had mostly chosen non-combat subjects. Of course, there were some compulsory combat subjects she was taking.
“What about Yeorum-unni?”
“PE, swordsmanship classes, barehanded fight classes, combat experience, military science, history of wars, gender and growth, criminal psychology…”
Yeorum spoke while chewing on her sandwich. Her subjects were mainly focused on combat.
“What’s gender and growth?”
“Sex. What else would it be.”
The baby chicken looked at Yeorum with a sour expression.
“Then what lessons are you taking, ahjussi?”
“Ahjussi is our guardian.”
“Guardians don’t take lessons?”
“Un. He will probably visit and observe during lessons.”
Just like what Bom said, guardians had the right to freely visit during the lessons of the cadets.
In Lair, the title called a guardian had a rather unique position.
Taking care of children was a given, while they would also form connections with other households, families and guilds. Even Yu Jitae had received a few letters from professors due to Bom, and had received several phone calls from study groups asking for Yeorum.
After Kaeul stood on the entrance ceremony, it became even worse. Even right now, there were messages hitting his watch periodically, every five minutes, from agencies, management team, A&R staff members, large guilds and renowned households.
Yesterday, he had also received a message from a social gathering of guardians. Apparently, it was a place where various data were shared in order to nurture the top 1% of cadets.
He didn’t return a reply as he was planning to wait and see for the time being.
Due to that, he might be busy during the semester.
He was busy during the day as the children’s guardian, and there were numerous things to take care of during nighttime as well.
“Let’s go to school.”
After finishing their meals, he was about to leave the house.
That was when a pitiable gaze approached and pierced through the back of his head. No matter what, he judged that it wouldn’t be possible to take Gyeoul along today and thus, Yu Jitae crouched down and met his line of sight with Gyeoul.
“Let’s stay with that cleaner over there for today.”
“…”
“Are you fine with that.”
She formed a startled expression and hesitated.
Gyeoul’s thoughts were complex.
She didn’t want to be separated from Yu Jitae. Therefore, she wanted to shake her head and insist on following along, but didn’t want to be a nuisance to him at the same time.
The blue-haired child was caught in a dilemma.
“Have fun.”
With an anxious expression that was moments away from breaking out into tears, Gyeoul nodded her head. Yu Jitae took the unnis out and cold-heartedly left through the door and left alone, Gyeoul sat down in front of the door and hugged the blue teddy bear with her two arms.
She then watched the door for a long time.
“Umm, my lady. Should I read you a fairy tale?”
After finally reading the mood, the protector came up with a fairy tale in its hand. It was thinking of imitating Bom, who would sometimes read a book to Gyeoul.
But Gyeoul did not even spare a glance at the protector.
“Umm… my lady?”
“…”
“Then, I will get on with the fairy tale.”
“…”
“The name of the book is, ‘My dad is a fairy!’.”
But after hearing the title, Gyeoul looked back at the protector with a slightly intrigued expression. With the voice resembling the screeching sound of metal, the protector started reading the book.
“A long long time ago, once upon a time… It seems that it is set before the era of the demons. Anyways, Dolsun was living with her father… Hmm, it appears that her mother is dead.”
“…”
“Before going to sleep, her dad told Dolsun old stories… Interesting. Before the era of demons should have been the great war of the primeval forest. Anyways, Dolsun would listen to her dad’s stories before happily going to sleep… Dolsun must have been a war addict.”
“…”
“But the next morning when she woke up, her dad wasn’t in the house… Ahh, did he go looking for a new mum? I heard that there was a culture of making prisoners of war into concubines back in the days. Anyways, so Dolsun…”
The protector stopped its words. It was because it could feel a terrifying gaze.
Carefully lifting its gaze from the book, it found Gyeoul glaring at itself. As if she was looking at a detestable thing, she appeared greatly upset.
“…What happened, my lady? Did you perhaps not like the book?”
Gyeoul, who had been hugging the teddy bear with her two arms, reached out with one of her hands. She was demanding the book.
When the protector handed the book over, Gyeoul hid it behind her back. She then pointed at a location with her finger.
“…?”
Following the tip of her finger, the protector looked at the place she was pointing at before turning back to her in confusion.
The baby’s expression was serious.
Her finger was pointing to the corner of the living room, where the protector stood still like a statue whenever it was night.
The protector, was banished.
*
The Yu household entered the academy district. They were unlucky in the sense that none of their first lessons were shared in common. Their rooms were different and they had to therefore separate and go their own way.
In front of a crossroad, they stopped their feet.
From this point onward would depend on themselves.
“See you later.”
“Yess!”
“Call me if there’s a problem.”
“Okay. What will you do, ahjussi?”
Since it was the first day, he decided to follow Yeorum.
“What? Why?”
What do you mean, why.
“I don’t cause any problems. I’ve been pretty docile recently right?”
“…”
“How shocking. Is that how you see me?”
“…”
“Don’t follow me! It’s annoying.”
Yeorum walked off first while grumbling and he stood on the spot, all alone.
Thinking back, she did change a little. Even when reporters followed her, she avoided them after swearing for a few seconds and when someone picked a fight with her, she would stick to profanities without relying on her fists.
Wouldn’t it be fine to leave her alone?
It was when he was about to change his plans.
Yeorum, who had been walking up, threw a glance behind. When their eyes met, she gave a frown and continued walking forward, but soon glanced at him again.
“What are you doing? Will you take responsibility if I’m late?”
You told me not to follow.
After some contemplation, Yu Jitae’s thoughts led him to a reasonable suspicion. It was a suspicion that she might not know the way to her class.
He stood next to Yeorum, but when he did, Yeorum faced him with a frown.
“The guardian should be taking the lead!”
It appeared that she was clueless.
Chapter 35: Gaze (2)
First lesson.
After following Yeorum, Yu Jitae sat down on the guardian seats prepared at the very back of the lesson room. There were many guardians present, perhaps because it was the first lesson of Lair.
“I am the teacher of swordsmanship classes, Kai.”
An ordinary first lesson began.
To be honest, it wasn’t much.
It was similar to a university lecture; the old man clamoured, while the kids were bored. Unexpectedly, Yeorum didn’t fall asleep or fidget. Although the sulky look on her face reflected her boredom, she still listened to the lecture.
He wasn’t even expecting her to write anything down and considered it to be fine as long as she didn’t fall asleep straight after the beginning of the lesson.
If she appeared unable to tolerate the boredom, he thought of having her quit Lair and heading to an underground arena in Mexico, but despite the poor behaviour, Yeorum listened to the teacher.
Yu Jitae asked after class.
“You were listening well. Wasn’t expecting that.”
“I need to try my hardest until I can smash that bastard.”
She seemed to be talking about Javier Carma. In truth, she was the most diligent despite being within the scope of daily lives. Yu Jitae remembered how Yeorum spent a few hours everyday in training centres.
“Ah… it’s boring. Seriously.”
But when the boring lessons were repeated three times, Yeorum made a frown.
“And how long are you going to follow?”
“At least the whole day today.”
“Why?”
“Because I’m your guardian.”
In response to his words, Yeorum rolled her eyes in boredom.
“You are still boring.”
When he didn’t give a response, Yeorum lamented her situation.
“If a kidnapper was some interesting kidnapper, how good would it be? You looked like a super bad bastard so there was this thrill, you know? I was expecting this and that to happen and yet there’s no such thing either.”
The Regressor returned a random nod.
“Your atmosphere is like the worst person in existence, so why do you act so nice? Your actual nature and actions seem inconsistent. Isn’t it boring to live like that?”
“Even then, I need to live.”
“That too. Why would you continue living if it’s a boring life?”
Yu Jitae shook his head.
“Because life continues, and giving up isn’t an option.”
Yeorum, who knew nothing about his inner thoughts, let out a sigh.
“…Whatever. So, what’s my next lesson?”
“It’s a free period.”
“Ohh, really?”
Hearing those two words, interest surfaced in her crimson eyes.
“Then do you want to go to that place with me?”
As if in direct contrast with the expression from before, she had a bright look on her face.
“Where is ‘that place’.”
“The shooting range!”
Recently, she had been watching a drama related to World War I. While watching a sports drama, she would exercise all day and after watching a drama of a war, she seemed to be itching to shoot a gun.
She walked at the front with excitement. It made Yu Jitae realise again that she too was a hatchling, in the middle of an Amusement.
But there was a person who ruined her mood.
“Huh? You’re Cadet Yu Yeorum, right?”
On the way from the academy district to the entertainment district – at a place which did not prohibit the entry of outsiders, a reporter found Yeorum and dashed in.
“Ha, fuck.”
She, who had previously been surrounded by reporters a few times, let out a curse.
Heaving out a sigh, she lowered her head and continued walking forward. Then, the reporter ran up to her and walked backwards while matching his pace with Yeorum, and shoved the mic forward.
“Wahh! Cadet Yeorum. Hello. This is the public broadcast team TTA, from Taiwan! Would an interview be okay?”
Without replying, she walked faster but the reporter followed her pace while walking backward.
“It won’t take long! There won’t be many questions! Cadet Yu Yeorum!?”
When Yeorum picked up her speed, the reporter found it difficult to keep up while running backward and thus turned around before following her.
“Cadet! Cadet Yeorum!”
There was a problem and it was that the reporter’s voice was too loud. Unfortunately, the road Yeorum was walking on had a cafe nearby which was frequented by reporters.
“What? Cadet Yu Yeorum?”
“Where?”
Hearing the voice of the Tainwanese reporter, reporters from all around the world kicked their poor seats behind and dashed towards them. It was because of the recent event with Kaeul resulting in the rise of the Yu household’s fame worldwide.
“Excuse me! Cadet Yu Yeorum! Is it possible to have an interview about Cadet Kaeul?”
“Wait a second please! We are from Korea! KSB!”
“What did you mean when you shouted sex in the Azure Dragon study group’s interview?”
Reporters ran in like zombies and blocked the front. There were more than ten reporters present.
Unable to ignore and evade them anymore, Yeorum stood still on the spot. Then, she raised her head up.
“Cadet Yeorum? If you agree with the interview…!”
“…Did you mean that you would be having a sexual relationship at the study group?”
The questions continued building up.
Yeorum turned her head around with a flick and stared at Yu Jitae. In return, he shook his head. Using fists wasn’t allowed.
Seeing that, Yeorum heaved out a sigh but soon, her eyes bent into crescents as if she thought of something.
“Okay. Line up in front of me. I’ll answer one question each.”
Although it was a strange, incomprehensible request, that was the image of Yeorum that had been spread to the media. Despite feeling dumbfounded, they still made a queue in front of her.
Yu Jitae, who had been quietly watching the situation, opened his mouth.
“Yu Yeorum.”
“Ahh, it’s fine. I’ll take care of it. Now! Your questions please!”
“Hello I’m Zai Xian from China’s CCTV. Do you perhaps know the reason Cadet Yu Kaeul rejected appearing on TV?”
“I don’t know! Whether that yellow monkey appears on TV or not is none of my business. Why ask me that?”
“None of your business, yellow monkey… by using those expressions, do you mean that there is a discord inside the household?”
“What? Discord?”
“It seems that you are not in a good relationship with other cadets of the household.”
The questions were obstinate and stubborn. It was the best topic to use for people who were interested in gossip about the cadets of Lair.
It was important to give a prudent response.
“There is. Whenever that bitch acts stupid, I can’t hold myself back from slapping her butt.”
“S, sorry…?”
“But her butt is very bouncy. It feels good to touch once in a while when I’m bored. Is that okay for an answer?”
“…So you mean there is discord?”
“Slow-witted as heck.”
“Yes?”
“So what if there is; why do you care? Go away if you’re done with the question. Next!”
The reporter was about to say something back in response to Yeorum’s violent language, but was pushed away by another reporter.
Even now, a video footage was still being taken. Thus, Yu Jitae started contemplating.
Should he stop this? Or was it okay.
The reason for his pondering was because of the regulations concerning Lair’s enrolment. Using vulgar words that damaged the dignity of Lair would result in penalty points to the student.
“Yes. This is Park Kangho from Jeju Daily News. What did you mean when you shouted sex back in the Azure Dragon study group?”
This time, the question was even more blunt.
Yeorum took a step closer in and shoved her face forward. Startled, Park Kangho pulled his neck back with a red face, but they were close enough to have their breaths touch each other.
With that short distance between them, Yeorum opened her mouth.
“Mister reporter.”
“Yes?”
“Do you want to have sex with me?”
She licked her lips.
In that instant, Park Kangho from Jeju Daily News was turned stiff in surprise. As if she found that reaction boring, the smile disappeared from Yeorum’s face and she distanced herself with irritation filling her face.
“…that’s the sex I meant. How long are you going to make use of something you know already? It must feel good to make a damn living by nitpicking on what others say. Next!”
Frozen stiff, Park Kangho was shoved away by other reporters.
“I am Japan’s…”
Around the time the next reporter was starting to open his mouth, Yu Jitae made a decision. He moved his body and after blocking Yeorum’s mouth with one hand, he picked her up by her waist with the other and carried her by his side.
It happened in an instant while the reporters were puzzled. Yeorum attempted to resist in a fluster but couldn’t fight against Yu Jitae’s strength and immediately after, he disappeared from that place.
“Uhh?”
“They disappeared! Where are they!?”
The reporters were lost as to what to do.
***
Unlike what he had expected, Yeorum wasn’t offended. Although she found it regretful that she couldn’t go to the shooting range, she didn’t make other complaints after coming down from his side.
During dinner, she opened her mouth.
“It was good that you cut me off there. I might have lost my temper and smacked them.”
“Why did you do that. You could have avoided them.”
“Like, it’s been more than just one or two days. I don’t really care about what others think, but they bother me every single time so how would I stay sane?”
“You could get expelled by doing that.”
“Hmph. Whatever. Anyways, since I pretty much directly told them my thoughts, they wouldn’t come again.”
It seemed that Yeorum had spouted such words simply because she found the reporters obnoxious. But Bom, from the other side of the table, deeply stared at Yeorum.
“Why? What’s funny?”
“Things might not go the way you think.”
“…What do you mean. Did you see something?”
When Yeorum made a frown, Bom gave an awkward smile.
“Un.”
*
That night, Yeorum’s news flooded the internet. It started from the fingertips of the reporters that had been present during the scene.
[A superhuman cadet requesting a sexual relationship with a reporter?]
[Sex! After being asked why, she…]
Most of the news reports had such provocative titles. Like always, these appeared appealing and gained more clicks while the actual report itself would be about something different.
‘Dude, like who would believe this…’
One of the online viewers clicked the link for the benefit of the doubt.
‘Huh?’
And after reading the article, he was surprised.
The protagonist of the news article was none other than Yu Yeorum – that cadet who let out blunt remarks against every reporter worldwide. This article too contained a dumbfounding content.
Lair’s community, as well as a fan community of superhumans started burning up with comments.
– Crazy kekekekekek
– Seriously must be crazy. Her temper is no joke lol
– Which household supports someone like that lol
– I love crazy people like that kekekekek
There were ones who showed positive reactions.
– Uhh. Not my style;;;
– Isn’t she actually crazy? That’s a disgrace of Korean superhumans.
– This is unpleasant. How spoiled must she have been at home to be like that with that age…
– She sounds very loose..
While there were also displeased reactions.
A media critic referred to Yeorum’s behaviour as ‘a raw delight and repulsion’. Just like what he said, there was a clear distinction between those that liked her way of speech and behaviour, and those that disliked it.
Fortunately, the aftermath wasn’t too big, as it was a rough remark of a nameless superhuman cadet.
But thinking that there might be a problem, Yu Jitae gave a call to Team Leader Yong, of the PR team. It was because he judged that the PR team would have started taking actions if it was deemed negative to Lair’s image.
– No. It’s not that serious. It should die down after being mentioned for a few hours.
“Is that how it is?”
– Yes, but wow… Cadet Yeorum is like fire isn’t she?
The middle-aged woman giggled as if she was enjoying it.
– Actually, there had been a call from the education department.
“Did they say anything.”
– Well, they said this much was fine. There’s the fact that the reporters were a bit annoying. Ah, there were some people who liked Cadet Yeorum for her words being straightforward.
“It was a blunt remark, and yet they like it?”
– Fans of superhumans, who got a bad image after being disliked by reporters – well, people like that. These days, the reputation of reporters are just way too bad.
“I see.”
Team Leader Yong Dohee made a bitter smile.
According to her words, it wasn’t a big issue, nor was it an extremely negative situation. It was when Yu Jitae was about to end the call with a thanks.
– Ah, did you hear that by the way?
“Yes?”
– I heard that a personal fancafe for Yeorum was created.
Chapter 36: Gaze (3)
[TLN: [s]zzz is like lol in Korean.[/s] Will change to kek]
++++++++
[Yu Yeorum owning a reporter. Video]
[Likes: 5812 / Dislikes: 1172]
– kekekekek it feels so refreshing.
– I wanna live like that as well lol.
– Look at those fucking trash reporters blocking the road.
– Even the questions are damn rude. Lol
– I would be mad as well if they nitpick on what I say.
– It’s about time to let Hyangdan go… T.T Summer must have come to my heart…
∟kekekekek Same lol. I’m dying from heat.
∟For real lol. I love her.
++++++++
Seeing the reaction on the internet, Yeorum’s expression crumpled.
“…Did they all go crazy?”
[Q. There are lots of people looking for Cadet Yeorum all of a sudden. How does it feel?]
[Yu Yeorum: Feels pretty shit.]
– kekekek. Ah
– Love it T.T
– lololololol
– I’m gonna be reborn as shit in my next life.
[Q. Did you hear that a fancafe had been made? Would you like a word for your fans?]
[Yu Yeorum: Crazy.]
– kekekek We crazy for you!!
– It’s great for our fanclub name. Crazy ones lol.
– Yeorum and the Crazy ones lolol
– Haak haak. In this life, I will be crazy forever.
[Q. Cadet Yeorum. The name of the fancafe has been decided to be ‘People crazy for Yeorum.’ Is it to your liking?]
[Yu Yeorum: I don’t care. You crazy lunatics.]
– Oi T.T our master is calling us.
– Swear at me more please…♥
– Ahh, I’m damn jealous of that reporter. I wanna get swore at as well T.T
– Swear at me! Hit me! Aang…
[Q. Cadet Yeorum. Among the fans that really love you, there are people that want to get swore at. If it’s okay, can you swear at them just once?]
[Yu Yeorum: (Walks away)]
– Oi you retarded reporter. Of course she would run with that question. Fuck. Return Yeorum for us!
– I’ll swear at the reporter instead. —-Fucking stupid, seriously.
– Where are you going Yeorum T.T Swear at me please…
– Insult me. Quickly call me a damn pig. T.T
Seeing the article, Yeorum’s eyebrows flinched.
She couldn’t understand the internet culture.
***
Today’s dinner menu was a delivery from a Chinese restaurant.
The dark black bean noodle was Kaeul’s, and the spicy noodle soup was Yeorum’s. Two plates of fried rice and a dish of sweet and sour pork was placed in front of Yu Jitae and Bom.
Putting a spoonful into her mouth, Kaeul munched it with admiration while Bom spoon-fed Gyeoul, who was sitting on her lap. The small mouth could be seen chewing on the food.
“Yeorum. How about you just go back and forth from the house to the academy district for the time being?”
Bom said.
“Isn’t it good if there are lots of people looking for you!? I heard from somewhere, but the superhumans eat off of popularity apparently?”
That was from Kaeul.
Until then, Yeorum didn’t say anything. While mixing the soup and the noodles a little, she opened her mouth with a frown.
“It’s damn annoying. I don’t even care how they think of me but I just find it annoying to have my path blocked.”
It was her honest complaint.
“Plus I spoke blunt, and them liking that is also annoying! Like, why on earth would you like that? I’m swearing to make them feel shit though? Do they feel good to get swore at? They are seriously crazy.”
As Yeorum trembled in anger, Kaeul let out a chuckle. But after receiving a glance from her, she forcibly made a smile.
“Then how about you follow her when she goes to play around, ahjussi?”
Yu Jitae nodded in response to Bom’s words.
In fact, today, he started forcing back the reporters who approached Yeorum. Until now, he hadn’t interfered because it was something for Yeorum to solve on her own, but after seeing the reporters gather every single day over the past few days, his thoughts had changed.
They had crossed the line.
“By the way.”
That was when Yeorum talked to Yu Jitae.
“That thing – how did you do it?”
“What do you mean, that thing.”
“That, you know. When you glared at the reporters, they all deliberately opened up a path right?”
Yeorum thought of what happened during the day today.
After the end of the lesson on the way back from the academy district, she had gone to the commercial district in order to buy something and had faced the reporters. Yu Jitae, who would usually stay back with his hands behind his back, stood in front of her today.
He then stared at the reporters.
That was when something mysterious happened. The reporters that had been walking up all stopped their feet at the same time. As if they were staring at a terrifying beast, some of them lost balance and fell on their bums.
“It was you that threatened them right?”
“It wasn’t a threat.”
“Then?”
“They were annoying, so I did think that they were a bit irritating.”
Back then when Yu Jitae took a step forward, the reporters naturally formed a path like the red sea being divided.
Thinking back on that, light flickered in Yeorum’s eyes.
“That, was pretty sick. You didn’t say anything and yet the reporters were scared stiff right? Those retards.”
“Really?”
“Well, that’s a must for someone that’s my guardian.”
“…”
“So you know, can you teach me that?”
“What?”
“That, gaze attack. If I learn that, wouldn’t I be able to chase all the reporters away?”
A gaze attack?
“Hnn? Teach me please.”
“It’s nothing that great.”
“How did you do it though? There should still be a method right.”
“I looked into their eyes.”
“And?”
He hesitated on the answer.
Killing intent was a weapon which the Regressor sharpened over the six regressions. Facing the reporters that blocked his path, he thought of killing them.
Of course, there was no reason for him to tell her everything.
“…I thought, I want to punch them.”
“That’s all?”
“Yes.”
“Hmm.”
Placing the chopsticks down, she threw her glance over to Yu Jitae. Then, she glared at him with the sinister gaze – the symbol of the red race.
“How is it? Is it frightening?”
“Who knows.”
“It’s not?”
For Yu Jitae, it wasn’t scary at all.
Then, she started glaring at Bom and Kaeul with the same expression. Although they could definitely feel that it was an unpleasant gaze, it wasn’t particularly scary as there wasn’t any killing intent behind it.
“Not scary? Yu Kaeul.”
“Nn? Nn. It is scary but…”
“Hmm, damn it. Then you try it. I don’t get scared easily anyways. So just think of wanting to hit me.”
“Whatever. Just eat your meal.”
“Why? I’m going to go to the entertainment district a lot from now as well and you can’t follow me every single time right? You have stuff to do so just do it once. I’ll remember that gaze perfectly.”
It did make sense.
Being a dragon, perhaps she might be able to imitate it perfectly after seeing it once. Persuaded, Yu Jitae placed the spoon down on the table.
Seeing that, Bom blocked Gyeoul’s eyes.
“…”
As a strange sense of tension filled the dining table,
Yu Jitae looked into Yeorum’s eyes. It was the same hazy gaze as before.
‘What, it’s nothing much,’ thought Yeorum but it was then.
In an instant, the air suddenly felt heavy.
Sound began dying away. As she was about to lose her mind to that hazy gaze of his, the surrounding scenery was pushed away to the side.
Then, Yeorum felt a suffocating feeling.
As if the eyes of a large beast was right before her, Yu Jitae’s gaze had a fierce strength within. With a gulp, she subconsciously swallowed saliva.
That was when Yu Jitae retrieved his gaze.
“Was that enough?”
“…Yeah, that was awesome. I almost pissed my pants.”
She excitedly stared at Yu Jitae.
“Just then, you thought of hitting me right?”
“Similar.”
“I got it.”
As if she came to an understanding, Yeorum gave a faint smile.
***
Before long, an opportunity arrived before her.
Yeorum wore a cap and a pair of sunglasses while walking around, but couldn’t hide her red hair. When she was leaving the cinemas, reporters who knew that Yeorum would frequently appear in the entertainment district that had been lying in wait, walked up to her.
As always, random questions befell her. Most of the questions were about Yeorum’s previous way of speech and attitude while there were occasionally some questions about the fans.
“Cadet Yu Yeorum! This is a live recording! Please look this way once!”
Among those, there was also a youtuber.
Today also happened to be a day without Yu Jitae following behind.
Heaving out a sigh in irritation, Yeorum took her sunglasses off. She then glared at the reporters just like how she had learnt from Yu Jitae. Closing her eyes, Yeorum thought of Yu Jitae’s gaze from the day before and was certain that she could imitate it to a certain extent.
These bastards. I wanna punch them so bad.
She faced the reporters with that resolve embedded within her gaze. Then, something strange happened – the reporters started sweating in nervousness.
Although Yeorum didn’t know, that was a situation based on [Fear] of the dragons. The gaze filled with rage of a higher level of existence caused an instinctive fear to rise within them.
After seeing what happened, she walked past them in satisfaction. She then stared at the youtuber who was in the middle of a live session.
“Hey you mister. Did you say it was a live recording?”
“Ah, ah… yes! Right now, there are lots of your fans present, Cadet Yeorum.”
The youtuber glanced at the comment section of the video. After Yeorum took a step closer in, there was an explosive reaction from the comments.
– Wow holy shit. She’s suuper pretty.
– Her hair is so red.
– Yeorum T.T
– Wow shit. Talk to her a bit more.
– Tell her to swear at you.
The youtuber was about to open his mouth, but Yeorum stopped him before he could.
“I’m not interested in something like that. More importantly, you know the movie Daystar, right?”
“Ah, yes…! Of course.”
He quickly got rid of his nervousness and forced a smile. Daystar was currently the top trending movie and it was presumed to easily reach ten million views in just Korea as well.
But why was she suddenly talking about that…?
“The protagonist’s sister is the final villain.”
– ?
– ?
– Ah fk I didn’t watch it yet.
– ?
– I was gonna watch it today;;;
– Oi this is a bit—
“Ah, umm… I, I see.”
“And also, the protagonist of the series dies.”
“Ah, ah…!”
“The girl he thought of as a girlfriend was actually an underling of the villain…”
After firmly sharing all the spoilers she could about the most popular movie, she turned around.
She felt refreshed.
‘After doing this much, they won’t follow anymore right?’
***
But Yeorum’s thoughts were off the mark yet again.
[Today’s superhuman! Yu Yeorum.]
That night, articles started coming up on the internet. Although Dragon Fear was terrifying, it wasn’t visible on the photo and the only thing remaining after excluding the Fear was Yeorum’s gaze.
[Melting the hearts of reporters with a deadly attractive gaze!]
And the day after, Korea’s largest superhuman news website [Superhuman Mecha] had the picture of Yeorum glaring at the reporters uploaded. Although the reporters had been tensed up due to her gaze, they had still uploaded the photo inside their camera with a positive comment.
There were dozens of compliments calling her pretty.
“These crazy bastards…”
Yeorum trembled in rage, while Bom and Kaeul chuckled from the side.