“Does it hurt?”
“What, why. You saw everything so why are you coming now.”
“Then what should I have done.”
“If you were going to come, come earlier! Otherwise, just don’t come…”
Unlike her crude words, Yu Yeorum’s anger appeared to have settled slightly. Yu Jitae’s lips faintly rose up.
At the start, he wasn’t planning to chime in and was planning to become a bystander of the event. As a procedure, he would have come once they called him, but inwardly, he wouldn’t have cared whether Yeorum could solve the problem or not.
The reason he intervened despite that is because Yeorum’s heartbeat turned a lot louder than before.
Human’s mana arose from the Mana Hall but for dragons, the structure was a bit different. They had complete control over the Lower Hall, the Middle Hall, and the Top Hall (heart). In other words, Yeorum couldn’t endure her frustration just then, and was about to gush out her powers as a dragon.
Once things turned out like that, it wouldn’t be a small incident, so he had interrupted before the situation could turn any worse.
“Let’s go.”
They headed towards the office first. Inside the small white office, a small desk and stiff chairs were placed.
He leaned his back on the backrest. Silence enveloped the two for a short while but before long, Yeorum, who hadn’t opened her mouth till now, abruptly opened her lips.
“You know… do you also think I made a mistake?”
Yu Jitae turned his head. Red hair had flowed down and was covering half her face.
“Why.”
“F*ck, I think, I might have made a bit of a mistake.”
Perhaps she thought back on Wei Yan’s words that had been talking about her household. It was his first time seeing an expression like that on her face and apparently, the time he made her spend with others had meaning, considering how a red race was being worried over another.
Shaking his head, the Regressor made a hazy smile.
“No, you did well.”
“Huh?”
“Next time, kill them at a place with no eyes.”
Chapter 16: ■■■ (3)
Soon, Mihailov, Wei Yan and the referee from during the spar entered the office with the referee having changed into a different clothing. The office was filled with a tense atmosphere as Mihailov crossed his arms and sat on the other side of Yu Jitae, next to the square desk.
While Wei Yan ordered his assistant to brew some coffee, Yu Jitae sat still and imagined crushing Wei Yan’s head.
A demon referred to a human that received mana from the abyss. If an animal received the exact same thing, it would turn into a monster. A common aspect between monsters and demons was blind rage and killing intent towards humans, as well as their intense lust.
The world had faced a large threat due to these beings. So in the first and the second round of his regressions, without even the time to consider dragons and whatnot, Yu Jitae was led around by the demons. Memories from back then were clear in his head despite close to a hundred years having passed.
To him, all demons were beings that must be killed and was one of the large elements hastening the approaching Apocalypse.
It was when he was imagining crushing Wei Yan’s head and wondering what to do next after seeing the protruding bones in his head. Raising a cup of tea, Wei Yan opened his mouth.
“Hah this. I don’t know where to start from. First off, I am very regretful and am sorry to both guardians and cadets for such a thing happening during an interview of the Azure Dragon study group.”
A soft voice, and a way of speech that calms people down.
His eyes appeared depressed, as if he was appealing that he fully understood his responsibility in the matter. That voice which incited crowds countless times to satisfy his own desire was still the same despite the world being turned over.
Yu Jitae got rid of stray thoughts as the matter in hand was more of a priority.
“What is fortunate, is that there hasn’t been a huge problem that could cause an irreversible relationship. There has been a contact from the hospital, and fortunately, it ended with just bruises and fractures.”
Wei Yan furtively glanced at Yu Jitae to read his mood.
“So, I’m wondering if there even is a need to turn it into a bigger problem, or get angry over this… Since both of your children had desired to enter the Azure Dragon study group, how about we end it on a good note? As long as you two consider it positively, I will take care of all the other procedures.”
Unlike how demons usually showed their nature easily, Wei Yan’s patience was outstanding. To put this in comparison, it was similar to living 24 hours in abstinence in a period of time where one’s sexual desire bursted like crazy.
This was to increase his fame, in order to look for a bigger prey.
Right now, it was the same as well. His gaze that seemed to be naturally glancing across the room stayed longer on Yeorum. It was a tiny bit longer.
Her appearance as a dragon, and the overwhelming fighting ability amongst the reserve cadets meant Yeorum was the ideal member of Azure Dragon study group.
Wei Yan was coveting Yeorum.
“Mihailov.”
“I’m Yu Jitae.”
“Before receiving an apology, let me apologise. Sophia is still young and immature. Just then, her emotions seemed to have taken control of her. So…”
“I won’t receive your apology as a guardian.”
Having been interrupted in his speech, he twitched his eyes.
“What?”
“What meaning is there to an apology that borrows the mouth of another.”
“…With both of us being in the position of a guardian, I wish you would receive it with goodwill. An apology is an apology, and there’s no way you don’t know where I belong to.”
“We are not in the same position. Is that the way you apologise at the place you belong?”
Hearing his words mentioning RIL, Mihailov’s expression crumpled and the assistant that had stood as the referee was likewise slightly flustered.
“Hah, your attitude is a bit disrespectful. I started my words with goodwill and you reacting in this way confuses me. Then what do you say should be done? Should I bring a sick child and let her apologise?”
“If you want to apologise, then you should do that.”
“…Look here. Isn’t your arrogance a bit over the top?”
“Yourself as well.”
“This guy…”
Mihailov stood up, but Wei Yan quickly interjected.
“Calm down Mihailov. Let’s just sit down first and share a slow conversation. Mister Guardian Yu Jitae, I also wish you could be less thorny. If things turn out like this, I have no choice but to hand this over to the Disciplinary Office.”
There was still a video remaining and once an investigation started, it would become bothersome. Mihailov let out a deep sigh and spoke to Yu Jitae.
“Sophia is nineteen. It was a young child acting slightly immaturely. Once we start an investigation, it would be more of our fault and it’s true that her stimulation was the cause. I wish you could tolerate it as a child’s mistake. And to be honest, there’s nothing your side did well either, right?”
Yu Jitae shook his head.
“That is none of my business.”
“What?”
“The reason I called you over for a conversation, isn’t because of that girl that ran in with a sword in hand. And that’s why I’m naturally not planning to receive an apology.”
Who was right or wrong did not matter in the slightest to him. That would be a completely meaningless debate.
“What I’m curious about is this – why didn’t you stop the child that unsheathed a dagger and ran in? I called you over because I wanted to ask that.”
“What are…”
“That child, her eyes weren’t sane. When I looked up, there was not a single relation with our child. That means that running towards an opponent she’s seeing for the first time with frustration from a defeat as the reason is her personality. You, as the guardian, should know that right.”
“Back then, it was a sudden turn of events!”
“Is that why you couldn’t stop her? Because it was sudden?”
“…!”
“If you can’t even control that, you shouldn’t be letting her go to school. She’s not a hairy beast or anything. And if you can’t even control that, you shouldn’t be a guardian either.”
Mihailov felt his fist trembling. Yu Jitae’s words were wrong over and over again, but he couldn’t call out his mistakes. Back then, he definitely could have held Sophia back, but didn’t.
It was an emotional issue. He was also frustrated that his child was defeated helplessly and the fact that the redhead was provoking them in an unsightly manner was another factor.
Whatever the case, the redhead wouldn’t die, and because he himself was there, Sophia would be safe as well. Since there was RIL behind him, he would be able to ignore some small rumours. As long as he could show how scary the world was to that annoying kid… that was where his thoughts were at.
“Calling yourself a guardian despite having no skills, raising a hand to an opposing cadet, and getting hit on top of that.”
Hearing Yu Jitae, Yeorum blocked her mouth and giggled, as if she remembered what she had done.
“What. Why.”
When eyes gathered on her, Yeorum reacted indifferently.
Mihailov carefully chose his words. Yu Jitae’s words were exquisite with ill will. They pricked at his pride that usually wouldn’t have held itself back but if he were to correct it, his inner thoughts would be left in the open.
“And yet now you’re saying, ‘Sophia is young and immature’… Aren’t you embarrassed for blaming a young child for your own shortcoming?”
Yu Jitae continued provoking him. In fact, he did not have a single emotional discontent against Mihailov. He was just saying whatever he wanted, as if he was giving advice while watching over a game of chess from the side.
Even then, Mihailov’s expression was gradually becoming more ugly. He was distressed enough to feel displeased by the troubled gazes Wei Yan and the referee were facing him with.
In the end, he chose to change the topic.
“…So what are you trying to do? In a small world, are you trying to oppose RIL? It’s my first time hearing a household called ‘Yu’ though.”
He believed in RIL, as well as his power and position. Mihailov himself was a soldier that had entered RIL before the war, and threw himself for it during the past 20 years.
What about the guy in front of him? From what he looked up, both his name and household were things he had never heard of. Everything would be solved once he was pressured. That was what he thought.
“Why are you talking about households here?”
“I’m trying to say that nothing good will happen in the future by provoking me. Do you think Lair is a wide place?”
MIhailov forced a smile on his lips.
Yu Jitae was familiar – too familiar with that sort of expression. There were many that told him the same thing. They were ones with a lot of possessions, and were those that were used to suppressing others with force. In the end, half of them were dead, and the remaining half wished for death.
“Well, I’ll stop here as well since it was our mistake…”
Mihailov, who was continuing his words in confidence, slurred the end of his words.
Eyes.
His eyes were looking at him.
Those eyes that appeared strangely hazy until now were clear and suppressed him. Something heavy could be felt suffocating his heart.
“Before you go, let me look at your dagger.”
Before he could realise, there was a dagger in Yu Jitae’s hand. It was Mihailov’s. Despite having just left an artifact sheath with ‘cleansing’ spell casted, there was Yeorum’s blood remaining on the blade.
With the sleeves of his shirt, Yu Jitae started wiping the blood away.
He then reached the sword back towards the flustered Mihailov, who received the sword and unconsciously took a few steps back.
The things that had just happened were outside his comprehension. Did he just touch my waist?
His condescending heart vanished in an instant.
Thinking back, it was the same before as well. When he walked in through the dimension gap, Mihailov couldn’t understand it and had given up on comprehending it.
Squeezing the last bit of his pride, he opened his mouth.
“I will admit that it is completely our fault and will be responsible for it. Since you deem an apology unnecessary I’ll stop here. But… it will be better for you to be more careful. With that attitude, you might get hurt some day.”
Then, he regretted his words as soon as he finished them. At the end of that clear gaze was his own self. He felt tiny like a child standing before a beast, as cold sweat travelled down his spine.
Around the time he felt that the surroundings were oddly quiet, Yu Jitae opened his mouth.
“Use crowded roads.”
Words turned into a sticky poison and enveloped him. He could feel large thumping noises in his heart, enough to have it touch the ribs with a cold feeling. “If money… compensation for the situation is required, send it via a letter.” Without even knowing what he was saying, he spouted random words and quickly left.
It was because he had a thought that he didn’t know what would happen if he were to stay there.
There’s no way such a thing would happen with that many eyes watching. He’s a young dude.
His consciousness vehemently rejected the emotion called fear but fear, which had eaten up his emotions, selfishly caused him to imagine a future that hadn’t even occurred. His breath quickened, as he carried his uncontrollably trembling hand to touch a cigarette.
If he didn’t leave just then, he would have been dead.
Chapter 17: ■■■ (4)
Killing Jo Hosik’s group helped him out just then. Without that, the urge to follow Mihailov as he left the room in a hurry would have been overwhelmingly burdensome.
But that Russian soldier was neither an element hastening the approach of the Apocalypse, nor a demon. Except for the fact that he annoyed himself, there was no reason for him to die.
This was a process of him escaping the usual slaughter. In order to get closer to a daily life, the Regressor settled his heart that had been filled with such thoughts.
That was when something tapped his arm. Turning around, he found Yeorum gesturing with her eyes, and despite saying nothing, he thought she was enjoying it more than usual due to the flushed cheeks.
At that point, there were only three people, Wei Yan, Yu Jitae and Yu Yeorum, remaining inside the office. Suddenly, Wei Yan’s watch received a message.
“There has been contact from RIL’s Legal team. They want to talk about reaching an agreement.”
He had noticed the situation flowing in a strange direction, as well as Mihailov leaving as if in an escape. Wei Yan’s voice was more cautious than before as his subtle gaze seemed to be assessing Yu Jitae.
“There’s no need for that. And we don’t need compensation either.”
“…Does that mean you wish to send it over to the Discipline Department?”
“Please do as you like. It doesn’t matter as long as there’s no downside for us.”
“Yes yes. I understand. I will take care of it to reduce rumours as much as possible. Thank you very much for ending things on a good note.”
Wei Yan gave a bow.
Since everything had been taken care of, Yu Jitae raised his body.
“Then we’ll be on our way. Yeorum, we’re going.”
“Un.”
They were about to stand up when Wei Yan quickly interrupted with his words.
“Ah by the way the interview for study group members was aborted, you see.”
“Yes.”
“But an incident is an incident while an interview is a different story. I’m asking this out of curiosity, but Cadet Yu Yeorum wished to enter the Azure Dragon study group right?”
Yu Jitae stared at Yeorum.
As if she had lost all interest, she crossed her arms, as well as her legs and was looking outside the window. Below the bob hairstyle consisting of crimson hairs, her white nape could be seen.
Now that it was mentioned, why did she attend an interview for a study group?
Yeorum remained silent.
“There were many reserve recruits but there was no-one who reached Cadet Yeorum’s level in terms of… how should I say this. Should I say expectations for the future? There weren’t many other students with that.”
“Yes.”
“When I scanned through the freshmen profiles, it seemed that there were three reserve cadets that would be joining Lair from the Yu family… If you don’t mind, would it be possible for the Azure Dragon study group to make a special offer for the three?”
He had nicely hidden the desperation behind his voice. Wei Yan’s gaze that resembled a gentleman was filled with a fluttering expectation.
Hmm… Yu Jitae touched his chin as if in contemplation and felt a rough texture of his beard. He had no intention of bothering himself by sending them to a worthless place. Thinking that, he was about to reject it but on another note, it felt like he could make use of the situation if handled properly.
“Not sure about that. I don’t know much about Lair and the Azure Dragon study group you see. To the children, it will be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and time in Lair, so I’m not sure if there’s any reason for me to persuade them to stay in a study group for years.”
“If it’s regarding that, I would like to say that you can trust me with that.”
Wei Yan then started his explanation. He talked about the likes of support scholarship from the study group, recommendation from various professors, as well as his position in the media and the influence his PR team had.
“In addition, I am thinking of having Cadet Yeorum be the main face of the Azure Dragon study group, if you help us out a little. Let alone her outward appearance, her skills had also been verified to some extent, after all. Also, I have quite the power amongst the teachers and have a connection with the deputy principal, so it won’t be difficult to undergo a large-scale promotion either.”
Ma Namjoon, the deputy of Lair, was someone Yu Jitae also knew of. Being the largest education association in the entire world, countless superhumans visited Lair.
The reason was simple. Some wanted a prey, some desired fame, while there was also a social gathering of demons. Due to that, there were quite a number of demons that settled themselves at Lair and Deputy Principal Ma Namjoon was one of them. He was in fact a big shot within the large organisation of demons.
“It will be difficult to find a similar opportunity elsewhere.”
“You’re very generous.”
“That’s how much value there is inside Cadet Yu Yeorum.”
His subtle gaze connected onto Yu Jitae, who then thought for a bit.
He knew about Wei Yan outside of Lair. The actions he will carry out and the time and occasion were all things Yu Jitae remembered off his heart but he did not know about how Wei Yan was inside Lair.
Thus, he decided to ask.
“I understand Azure Dragon study group’s future. But before allying myself with an organisation, I tend to first view the people that make up the group.”
“Ah, I see.”
“What situation are you in, professor, and why are you so desperate?”
In response to his words, Wei Yan closed his lips. Then, he interlocked his fingers and buried himself in deep thought.
“It is a bit of a sensitive topic…”
“You can just tell me the things you are allowed to.”
“Hmm, with the end-of-the-year event this year at the centre, there will be a huge change.”
End-of-the-year event referred to a large ceremony which every cadet of Lair was required to attend each year.
“What sort of change is it?”
“I can’t tell you the details but… it is an extremely large change, while also being a great opportunity. Around that time, every study group and organisation within Lair will start competing against one another. I became a war hero at a very young age and a professor despite being young, but am still a hungry man. I wish to grasp that opportunity with my own hands.”
It will probably be a plan to devour the cadets. He wasn’t interested in a dream like that.
End-of-the-year event huh… thought Yu Jitae. A staff member, who had stayed at Lair for a few years, calling it large must mean that it was a relatively large event, and was something he had to look into.
Like always, a pandemonium will occur with approaching opportunity and with tons of eyes, it will also be a decent spot to decorate one’s last breath.
Wei Yan carefully asked.
“Then, can I see this as the Yu household’s agreement of a later contact?”
“…Who knows.”
“Sorry?”
“It appears good to me, but I think the opinions of those directly involved are more important. I am but a guardian, after all.”
“Ah, haha. That’s true. Then, our dear Miss Yeorum. Can you help this professor out a bit?”
“I don’t want to.”
It felt like a bucket of icy cold water had been emptied.
“…Eh? You don’t want to?”
“Why should I bother persuading them? I’m not even going to be entering myself.”
There was still a faint smile on Wei Yan’s face, but Yu Jitae also felt something cracking inside his heart.
“Ha, haha. Why did you suddenly change your mind I wonder…”
Making the same expression made by kind people when they were troubled, Wei Yan scratched his hair, along with his voice going, “Haha, haa… seriously”.
“……Wait, ahh, I got it. Is it because of Sophia?”
“What?”
“If you are being mindful of spending time with Sophia Vorkova together at the study group, nn, this professor understands as well. There was also a statement from that side wishing for a good result, but if you want to enter, although regretful I can postpone Sophia till later.”
Regretfulness dripped out of his voice. Although Sophia was less skilled than Yeorum, she had quite the fame due to her association with RIL despite her appearance as a cold beauty. He was saying that he would give up on a person like that for Yeorum.
However, Yeorum was stern.
“No. That’s not it so you can just accept her in.”
“Wait, wait. Then why did you come for an interview in the first place?”
Yu Jitae was also curious about this. Well, for some reason, he thought that the answer would be obvious without asking.
“I was lying on my bed.”
“Yes, and?”
“And got bored… so I wanted to fight a bit.”
And it was as expected.
“…No, think, think one more time at least. This is an opportunity, a huge opportunity!”
“…”
“Usually guardians lower their heads and carry bags of gifts with goodwill. Cadet Yeorum, think well. Look. Even right now, it’s the same outside.”
Wei Yan pointed at the door, most likely talking about the outside of the building.
“There are reporters there. To hear a few words of my opinion regarding the incident today, a dozen or so reporters from different countries are in wait, and it’s been more than thirty minutes since we chatted inside the office right? Those people are waiting just for a few words from the Azure Dragon study group and I, Wei Yan. This is a place like that. Do you understand?”
“Ah, whatever. I said I’m not going to do it. Whatever~”
“You, you. Later, you will regret it for sure. Frankly speaking, do you think you will ever receive a spotlight like this again while living in Lair?”
His voice turned slightly louder, and Yu Jitae interjected.
“It is unfortunate. We will be on our way then.”
“Ah, wait, mister guardian. Let’s have a bit more chat. If you’re like this, it will become difficult for us to help each other throughout our time at Lair.”
Since sweet words didn’t work, he was relying on a light threat. When Yu Jitae stood up from his seat, Yeorum followed suit and as if chasing after them, Wei Yan walked alongside Yu Jitae.
“Here, is an integrated world. With those people outside right now, I can say one more good word to the reporters, and also might not.”
“I see.”
“You know the media is about image right? When you’re still not known, you need to build up your image at the start to make it easier to move around later on, you know? Although it might sound like I’m boasting, you can feel what it’s like judging from how they came to visit me right?”
“I know very well.”
“Sorry?”
While Wei Yan was making a blank expression, Yu Jitae walked forth and pushed the door open.
“Ah, they came out!”
“This is CT France. Regarding the bloodshed that occurred two hours ago…”
“KBC here! You have entered the trending topics of the day. Are you really a proud citizen of Korea?”
“A simple interview at least…!”
But something unexpected occurred. Reporters, who Wei Yan thought were for himself, surrounded Yeorum and started asking a barrage of questions.
“What’s wrong with these people?”
Despite seeing reporters for the first time, Yeorum was not nervous at all. In fact, it appeared like she was angered by the reporters that approached in an oppressive manner.
“Step aside!”
But the reporters remained aggressive.
“A question from NSS! Was there an animosity with Sophia Vorkova from the start?”
“Is there perhaps anything you would like to say regarding this incident?”
It seemed like they formed a tent, as they blocked Yu Jitae and Yeorum front the front.
“Ah, what’s wrong with you people? Don’t block the road and go ask there!”
Then, she pointed at Wei Yan. When Yu Jitae threw a stealthy glance, he found Wei Yan forming a frown as if he couldn’t understand what was happening. Was that the expression of a fisher that let a huge catch escape in front of his eyes?
Seeing that made him feel quite pleased.
Walking in front of Yeorum, Yu Jitae gestured with his hands to have the reporters move off but those who had seen Yeorum’s face from up close lost half of their mind as they blankly ignored Yu Jitae’s gesture, regardless or gender.
That was when a camera with a fluttering Korean flag approached right up close next to her face.
“Miss Yu Yeorum! Currently, Miss Yeorum’s interview session is going viral on Korean internet community and the likes! Why did you apply for the Azure Dragon study group, and what are you planning to do there?!”
Yeorum, who was startledly forced to a sudden stop in the middle of her walk, crumpled her expression in the blink of an eye. Her expression that appeared to be seconds away exploding soon calmed down. Her lips, that murmured, “What am I planning to do there?” were bent into a mischievous smile.
Yu Jitae, who knew the facial expressions of the red race, was pondering whether he should block her mouth or not, when she mischievously shouted.
“Sex!”
He should’ve blocked her mouth.
Chapter 18: Baby Chicken’s Dream (1)
On the way back to the dormitory, Yu Jitae and Yeorum did not share much of a conversation.
In the season of falling leaves, the sky was blue and the cool breeze was comforting. Yeorum’s red hair fluttered in the wind.
The road was filled with street stalls, as bakeries and takoyaki stores lined up. It was a relatively famous street market district in the Academy City, and it would perhaps be a good idea to bring Kaeul here when she had time.
Soon, they entered the residential area and arrived before their dorm. Being automatic doors, the officetel’s main entrance opened by itself as the pair of male and female reached it. Without going in, Yeorum stayed still in front and because she was blocking the way, Yu Jitae had to stop as well.
She seemed to be either deep in thought, or in hesitation.
When the automatic doors were about to close, she threw her hand in between and pushed it open again. Then, she resumed carrying her feet and slowly climbed the stairs, as Yu Jitae followed from behind.
As they reached the entrance of their actual house, Yeorum once again stopped where she was and stood still without opening the door.
“On the way here, I thought a bit.”
Different from the voice that usually left her husky mouth, it contained a clear timbre. She turned her head and stared at Yu Jitae.
“I don’t have anything. Well, you probably knew already after hearing from unni, but there was a bit of a problem while leaving my home. In other words, I had to chuck everything I had before leaving.”
Yu Jitae quietly listened.
“After leaving on my Amusement, the only thing I did was to go around throwing my fists so the only thing I have is my body. If I knew things would turn out like this, I should have robbed their pockets or something.”
“And what.”
She scratched her head.
“So, there’s nothing to really give you.”
“What would you give me.”
“I can’t, okay? Because I don’t have anything.”
“Why would you.”
“That’s, well. Because there are things I received from you? Though I look like this, I’m not a shameless bitch.”
Yu Jitae shook his head.
“It’s fine. It’s not like I’m having a transaction with you.”
“No. It’s embarrassing enough for me to die that I received help. Like I said, I do have my sense of shame okay?”
She glared daggers at Yu Jitae with her red eyes.
“So tell me. Is there anything you need?”
He shook his head.
“Anything you want to have or earn? Hobbies? Anything.”
“I don’t.”
“You don’t look like you’re interested in a female body. Then what. Should I give you a massage? I’m good at labouring. Or is there anything you wish from me?”
Yeorum’s words saying that she would give him something was greatly unexpected. However, he shook his head. The only wish he had, was for her to not die.
Not receiving a response, Yeorum made a faint frown.
“Ah this is frustrating. So annoying… You, what in the world is your drive to live?”
“Who knows. Just go in already.”
“No, wait. Even for you, there should be something you enjoy in your life. It’s not like you’re living everyday because you can’t die, right? It can be anything simple. Is there anything you want?”
Yu Jitae, who closed his mouth for a while, soon heaved out a sigh.
“I have one now.”
“What is it?”
“Going inside.”
Yeorum’s beautiful eyes formed a frown.
“Don’t come in.”
Kkwang!
She entered and shut the door behind her. Left alone in the corridor, the Regressor was a bit dumbfounded. It was when he was staring at the door for a bit, before touching the door knob a second later.
With a click, the door was locked from inside.
***
Next day, Yeorum’s name spread across the internet.
An issue was that there was a freelance reporter belonging to an internet community present, and that he had approached right up close to Yeorum with the intention of streaming an interview realtime.
There were a few reasons this had gone viral. One was due to a news report of a heavy injury of a ‘Russian elf girl’, Sophia, who was quite popular in Korea, and the other reason was the girl that defeated Sophia being an eighteen year old Korean. There were news reports with a few connotations as a result.
And the otherworldly – which was in fact true – appearance of Yeorum was like oil being added to fire. Although it was a small event that would soon go back under the radar, Yeorum’s name had still entered the viral list in Korea’s largest superhuman community.
Unlike the media packaging the incident with words like [Lair Reserve Cadet Yu Yeorum blunt remark controversy] and [A sturdy girl’s advice towards reporters. Human right concerns of Lair cadets], the video uploaded on the community was the raw version of the video itself.
Even Yu Jitae, who was usually uninterested in media and news reports, thought that there was a need for him to look it up. If it were to have a negative influence on the remaining time at Lair, he deemed it necessary to have a separate conversation with Yeorum.
– Se LOL x LOL
– Lmao Succecss! zzzz
However, the reaction from the community wasn’t normal.
– I don’t really like it. My first time seeing her but she sounds very loose.
– Agreed
– Whoa but she’s hella pretty lol.
– For real;; To be honest, it’s thanks to the camera right?
– Did the reporter get paid to photoshop?
– What are you all on about. Everyone! Scream! Se1x!
– Uaah Se1x! The thing we all want to do but cannot!
– They’re doing that again. Admin please shut these guys up;;
– Like, she is pretty for sure, but it’s a bit surprising. At a glance, she doesn’t look like a gangster and yet says whatever she wants to. Like what?
– I looked up some other videos but her character is definitely an original lol. It’s like a younger version of a swearing grandma
– I hate it. Looks like a local crazy bitch. Who says something like that in front of a camera? She must have chucked her common sense away.
– The person above me is a know-it-all scholar lol. I just found it funny zzz. Didn’t you see her expression change? She was angry at the reporters blocking the road.
– That’s because you’re also a barbarian. Who are you calling a scholar? You wanna die?
– ? Why you talking shit to me??
– Retards, don’t fight and have se1x
– zzzzzzz f*cking lol zzzz
– Are you crazy? LOL
– zzzZzzZzzZzz
Depending on the nature of the communities, the element of the video they focused on was different, as well as their likes and dislikes. It was fortunate that there were positive reactions but some of the negative comments were extremely insulting. Despite all that, the Yu household – they were being referred to by that name before they realised – had a dry reaction.
“So what?” Yeorum was the type of person that didn’t care much about how others viewed herself and Bom merely patted Yeorum’s hair while saying, “Interesting. Yeorum will be famous now.”
“Uwah, Yeorum-unni you’re the best!”
And Kaeul, who was still unaccustomed to spoken and written language, didn’t understand half of the bad words and just enjoyed it. She sometimes asked what ‘barbarian’ and ‘know-it-all’ meant, and Bom gave kind explanations whenever she did.
“Then what is sex?”
“…”
But there was no response to that question and without replying, Bom just gave a small smile.
“Do you want me to tell you?”
Yeorum opened her lips with an indifferent voice.
“Nn? Do you know unni?”
“Of coursee dear Kaeul, you are curious, what sex is…… right?”
A degenerate smile hung on her lips, which Yeorum’s tongue soon licked. When she walked up with a strangely amorous expression, the baby chicken that sensed something ominous started retreating.
“Uh, uh… Can you just forget that question…?”
“Why, you’re curious right?”
“No, it’s okay. My mum told me there was no need to know too many things in life…”
“Well, this is something you need to know.”
“D, don’t want to.”
“A sex, you see, is”
“Uwaahhh–!”
The baby chicken blocked her ears and ran, while Yeorum excitedly chased after it and poured out words that shouldn’t be put into words. Those were extremely explicit and greatly distorted information.
“…Mum!”
Death throes belonging to a baby chicken echoed in the officetel.
Except for events like this, there weren’t any aftermaths causing a problem in their lives because it was before the start of the semester, with less interest in school affairs. A few reporters were curious about the situation and wanted to have an interview with Yeorum, but she who had settled most of her desires laid down on the living room sofa watching TV all day. Thanks to that, she was able to minimise her contact with the media, as reporters were prohibited from entering the residential area of Lair.
But when she did enter the town albeit rare, reporters ran in with fire burning in their eyes.
“Uh? It’s Yu Yeorum!”
“Where? Where? Ah! There!”
“Cadet Yu Yeorum! If you don’t mind, can you spare some time for an interview?”
Every time that happened, Yeorum avoided them with a frown. It appeared like she wanted to wreak havoc with profanities, but she would, for some reason, glance at Yu Jitae and read his mood before closing her mouth.
“Cadet Yu Yeorum! There are viewers curious about your childhood! What did you do most of the time when you were young?”
“Seriously annoying… these insect-like suckers.”
“What? You used to do soccer?”
Her small fist trembled like crazy and Yeorum slowly built up patience.
Lastly Yu Jitae.
As Yeorum’s guardian, there were quite a number of people he had to meet. He had to see various people from the Disciplinary department, as well as contacting RIL’s legal team. Even though it was limited to around two hours a day, that was bothersome enough for him and he couldn’t make his copy do it either, as it was working during the day. Since this was the result of telling them to take care of most of the things, he would have had more tasks if he were to handle everything himself.
However, he started feeling something unfamiliar from that process.
“You’re the guardian right?”
Hearing someone call himself, he turned his head but realised that it was targeted at another guardian. The fact that he was certain of that having been directed at himself, came to him as a faintly strange feeling.
In the past, there were words identifying himself. He had been a squad leader in the past, a centurion, a regiment commander. After that, he was called a mercenary, the wanted criminal, ranker and other names before eventually being called a hunter of demons.
He hadn’t cared too much about mere titles but the words regulating himself were always along the lines of such words.
But now, it was different.
“Sir Guardian, Yu Jitae.”
He had become a guardian. For some reason, he thought about his own title, and felt that it really didn’t match himself.
Yu Jitae didn’t like the title, guardian. Why didn’t he like it?
That might be due to an obsession he got while crawling through the depths of hell. Having something to protect, was in the end, a weakness and was an element he had to dispose of as someone that lived in the dirtiest places on earth.
But despite the bitter aftertaste it left, the world still regulated him as a guardian.
If he thought deeper about it, it wasn’t anything significant, and was even a rather boring title but he didn’t hate everything about it. With this, did I take another step closer to a daily life, he would ask himself.
Returning back home, Yu Jitae stared at the blue egg left in the living room. Even today, Bom was in the middle of carrying out a prenatal education.
As time passed, the egg grew bigger and bigger. At the start it was slightly bigger than an ostrich egg but now it was so large that it required Bom to hug it with her two arms. The flowerpot had long become too small for it and barely even held it up.
It meant that it was close to hatching.
That was when Kaeul ran out of her room with a watch in hand.
“Uwah, unni! Look at this!”
“Nn?”
Showing the screen of her watch to Bom who was squatting down in front of the blue egg, she bursted out into laughter. Seeing the screen, Bom also grinned. It was extremely rare for Bom to smile like that.
“It’s so weird right?”
“You’re right.”
What were they talking about.
Soon when Yeorum left the bathroom, the baby chicken hid the watch behind her back in shock. No matter how one saw it, it was super suspicious.
“Why are you so excited?”
“Nn? N, no I’m not?”
“What’s going on. You hid something, didn’t you.”
“No?”
“What do you mean, ‘no’. Hand it over.”
Her retaliation was meagre. The baby chicken got suppressed in an instant and buried her head on the ground and cried “Uanng!” while Yeorum stole the watch and checked the screen. When her eyes reached the screen, they twitched.
“Ehew. Do they have nothing better to do?”
Casually chucking the watch, she turned her body around and headed back to her room. The watch fell before Yu Jitae, and he saw the screen. There, he saw Yeorum wearing a soccer uniform.
A marvelous composite photograph was being shared across communities.
“Unni, unni. When did you learn soccer?”
But not knowing that it was a fake photo, the baby chicken asked with a ‘hehe’ smile. Along with the thud of a closing door, the door was shut and she was ignored.
“Hing.”
Chapter 19: Baby Chicken’s Dream (2)
“Kaeul, are you ready yet?”
Bom spoke facing the door.
– Mmm.
“Ahjussi is waiting for you.”
– One second!
A few minutes after they waited in front of the entrance, the baby chicken finally poked her head out between a small gap created behind the door.
“You see, ahjussi. I think I’m prepared.”
“Yeah.”
“After three, two, one, tell me what you think straight away. Okay?”
“Right.”
“Don’t hesitate. You have to say ‘pretty’ or ‘not pretty’ straight away. Do you agree to that as well?”
“…”
He gave a faint nod. Getting rid of the frown on her face, the baby chicken heaved out a sigh. Soon, she left the room and revealed herself, while throwing her arms wide open.
“Tada.”
Socks covered her ankles and there was a pair of white legs above that. Once again going above that, a blue tennis skirt was seen and the white long-sleeved shirt sticking to her skin had been tucked inside her skirt.
For him, he did not understand what sort of clothes those were, nor the meaning behind the combination of clothes. So, he automatically said some pre-prepared words.
“It’s pretty.”
“Uwah, no hesitation!”
Only then did Kaeul make a bright smile. She was concerned about choosing pretty clothes from around thirty minutes ago and Yu Jitae was bored of the wait. He probably would’ve said the same thing even if she wore a paper bag but oblivious or not to his thoughts, she jumped up and down in excitement.
“Let’s go.”
Yu Jitae headed to the Lair headquarters with Bom and Kaeul behind. Usually, he would have gone to restaurants or the arcade but now was the time for a field trip. They were dragons, and would inevitably be the target of attention in Lair. Since they would be frequently visiting the headquarters, he was planning to have them see it beforehand.
“It would have been nice if Yeorum-unni came along.”
“You’re right.”
Yeorum seemed to have been engrossed in dramas recently and didn’t leave her room. He checked it with a glance and realised they were gory dramas.
The headquarters had been built with the colosseum in mind and tall buildings forming a long, circular donut shape welcomed them. On top of the donut-shaped building was a large magic stone with its diameter being around 15 metres, floating in the sky.
“Uwah, unni. Do you see that?! It’s enormous!”
Kaeul raised her arms up.
Despite still being a holiday, countless staff members, professors and cadets were walking around as Bom and Kaeul watched people with interest.
“Uh? Aren’t you Cadet Bom, by any chance?”
That was when a woman in her late thirties walked up with a smile. Her blue name badge, proving her status as a staff member, had her post, ‘Lair PR Team 3 Team Leader’ written next to her name, Yong Dohee.
“Do you know me?”
“Yes yes. I heard from Professor Myung Jong. Wahh, you look prettier in real life. Did you dye your hair?”
“Ah, yes. Thanks.”
“This lady here is your younger sister? Wah, the power of DNA…”
The amicable woman approached without shying away.
“Hello, sir Guardian. I am Yong Dohee from the PR team.”
Her nature reflected on [Eyes of Equilibrium] was a fairly bright ‘good’ so Yu Jitae did not stop her. It seemed that Bom and Kaeul were likewise not that wary of her.
“I’m Yu Jitae.”
“It feels like your cadets will be meeting the PR team quite frequently. In fact, I had been thinking whether I should visit you for a greeting or not but what a surprise. I’m pleased to meet you.”
“Me too. Please take care of the children.”
Team Leader Yong then started talking about unimportant things with the kids. Fitting her position as a PR member, her stories revolved around Lair’s gossips, which Bom and Kaeul listened to with interest.
In the middle of that, Team Leader Yong suddenly clapped her hands as if she was reminded of something.
“Ah, now’s not the time for this! There’s a dry rehearsal of the entrance ceremony today. Would you like to head there and watch it together?”
A dry rehearsal?
Kaeul gave a positive answer while Bom turned towards Yu Jitae.
He nodded his head.
*
Entrance ceremonies of normal schools wouldn’t have anything to watch but this was Lair – a school gathering boys and girls with exceptional talent from all around the globe. Lair was the foundation of the world’s military force, and was thus a place that gathered the eyes of the entire world.
People had something close to a fantasy towards it, and Lair knew how to make use of it.
Due to that reason, every event within Lair was of a different scale. Lair’s entrance ceremony was an enormous occasion that was transmitted to the entire universe via public TV so its international influence was impressive.
They arrived at the auditorium.
There was an extremely enormous stage as well as countless large and small cameras placed nearby. Since it was a building used as a concert hall, there were dozens of thousands of seats placed in an arch shape.
Overwhelmed by that sheer massive size, Kaeul widened her eyes and blankly stared at the hall. It was so large that it made people feel smaller in comparison.
“Is it that impressive?”
“Yes.”
She then whispered, “My mum’s lair is around this size”.
When the rehearsal began, people moved in a strict order as spotlights constantly moved their focus. In that process, the directing staff members shouted and ran everywhere.
In doubt, Kaeul asked.
“By the way, who’s going to stand on the stage?”
“Ahh, they are the cadets.”
“Yes?”
“The mc, performers, helpers of award ceremonies, the declaration reading members etc. They are all cadets. There’s also an audition for that.”
“Aha.”
With a slightly empty gaze, Kaeul stared at that place.
“Cadet Kaeul is pretty and has a good balanced body so if you took the audition for being an award giver, you might have made it through.”
“Ah, no. I’m not particularly…”
The baby chicken swallowed her words.
That was when the camera meaninglessly facing the audience seats focused on Kaeul as the rehearsal continued. She shrunk her body in surprise before quietly looking back at the camera and waving her hand.
– Hello, Miss cadet over there with a blonde hair!
A staff member acting as the host of the rehearsal spoke through his mic and his loud voice echoed in the enormous concert hall.
“Yes! Hello!”
With a smile, Kaeul replied.
– How did you come here, Miss cadet?
Conversations like this seemed to be a part of the rehearsal. It was because the entrance ceremony was similar to a concert than a rigid, traditional entrance ceremony.
“I came to watch!”
– Ahah, you came to watch? Not anyone can come in here though? Only handsome and pretty people can come in.
The staff member said as a joke. Kaeul blinked her eyes, and tilted her head.
“How did you come in?”
“Uhaha” Laughter escaped the crowd of people watching the rehearsal and despite not knowing the reason behind their laugh, Kaeul copied with a ‘hehe’ smile. Their conversation lasted a few more words and she continuously made the staff members and the audience laugh with her innocent words.
Around that point in time, Bom, who had been watching over with a content smile, asked Team Leader Yong.
“By the way, is it not possible to take the audition now?”
“Yes?”
“The contested positions won’t be possible, but I was wondering if there was an empty spot for an award giving helper or something.”
“Ahh, that would be a bit…”
The team leader made an awkward smile.
“Will it be difficult?”
“It will probably be a bit troublesome. There is a lot of competition for the spots and the first auditions have already all ended today.”
“I see…”
Although unfortunate, there was nothing that could be done about it and soon, the rehearsal came to a close.
On the way back home, Yu Jitae felt Kaeul’s heart beating louder and faster than usual. It was to the point he could hear it without even trying to.
“Kaeul, was it fun?”
“Nn! It was the best.”
The baby chicken replied to Bom’s question with flushed cheeks and seeing that, the Regressor entered contemplation for a brief moment.
It seemed that what was to come, had come.
***
After the rehearsal ended, the directing staff rewound the tape of the day and watched it all and the same was for the overall directing producer, Ha Junsoo. He, whose value increased every day as the best producer of Korea, was called out to Lair twice a year to take control of directing the entrance ceremonies.
Like always, the schedule given by Lair was packed. The first audition of cadets as well as a rehearsal held to decide on the general procedure of the ceremony – these things which usually would require three days had to be reduced down to one day.
“But this year’s freshmen are all quite decent.”
“I know right? They’re handsome, pretty. And they also seem more mature.”
“How was that girl from India? I thought she was quite capable.”
“I’m more into Ailesh than her.”
“Ah, you mean that person directly under Britain’s royal family… that girl?”
“She was insane. Damn her body could kill someone…”
Hearing that, Ha Junsoo erupted in anger.
“Kill my ass. I’ll kill you instead! Are you not going to focus?”
“Aigo, mister producer. We are already dying.”
The members whined, saying “My back is broken” and “My eyes are dead” but it had no effect toward Ha Junsoo and his steel nature. When he opened his eyes wide open and glared, the members gave awkward smiles and turned their heads.
There was always a brave one in the mix though. One of the team members glanced at him and read Ha Junsoo’s mood before opening his mouth.
“In any case, what’s your opinion, producer? Don’t you think this year’s entrance ceremony will be quite the spectacle?”
“Gunyoung.”
“Yes?”
“Stop spouting nonsense and work. Work!”
In the end, they were forced to focus on work in silence.
‘It is quite decent.’
Ha Junsoo, was in fact relatively satisfied. Compared to last year, this year’s new cadets looked better and the overall picture of the entrance ceremony was something to look forward to.
But as always, there were no perfect performances and everything was always slightly lacking for him. ‘Isn’t there anything closer to perfect somewhere?’ A thought closer to an ideology remained in a corner of his head but others could not comprehend his perfectionist way of thinking.
It had been around twenty years since he started working in this field and frustration was a common feeling. He had now learned how to be satisfied in the midst of average, decent things.
To put it in good terms, it was a non-greedy mind and in bad terms, it would be self-compromise.
It was, until…
‘Huh?’
While watching the video of the rehearsal, Ha Junsoo’s eyes were attracted to the main screen, as the camera focused on a blonde-haired cadet amongst the audience seats.
– Only handsome and pretty people can come in.
– How did you come in?
– Uhaha!
Rewinding it back, Ha Junsoo played the video yet again and around the time the girl’s part was about to end, he rewound it again.
He felt something strange. Ha Junsoo was watching the face hanging on the screen inside the video. The quality wasn’t good and the colour was out of place as well, and yet it felt like he was being oddly absorbed into it as he watched.
What is happening? Why was he feeling in this way?
Was it because she was pretty? That was indeed true. The blonde was so pretty that she even gave off a repulsive aura, but her beauty wasn’t the end it seemed.
He had directed countless concerts as a director and had seen a numerous number of pretty and handsome people. Among them, there hadn’t been anyone that sucked his gaze like she did.
Curiosity overflowed his limits.
There was a desire to see her in person.
“Mister Namjoon.”
“Yes?”
“This girl, which audition did she apply for?”
“Who?”
The person in charge of auditions walked up and saw the screen. Then, he rolled his eyes in thought.
“Who is this?”
“You don’t know her, Mister Namjoon?’
“She is pretty… but there wasn’t anyone like this in the audition.”
“What? Are you sure it’s not a mistake?”
“Hmm. I don’t think I would…”
He meant it because he wouldn’t ever forget a face like that if he had seen it.
“Can’t you like, find her, in any way? Hmm?”
“Mhmm…”
Even when he brought the other staff members, there was no-one that knew who it was and in the end, the staff that had acted as the mc was scolded for some reason, for not asking her name.
That was when someone shouted.
“Wait!”
“Why? Why?”
“Producer. You see this, at the back of the screen – that blue thing. Isn’t that the name badge of a staff member?”
“Huh, you’re right. You’re right!”
Ha Junsoo made a clap.
“Contact her immediately.”
Chapter 20: Baby Chicken’s Dream (3)
It was around when the sunset started painting the sky orange. Here in the floating island, one could see further off into the horizon.
Kaeul had been watching videos of celebrities through a hologram of her watch and had just fallen asleep. She would sleep like a human, perhaps because she was younger than the other two.
Yu Jitae stared at the blonde hair behind her head, with his head muddled in thought.
“Can I sit next to you for a bit?”
That was Bom’s voice.
He nodded. She walked up to the sofa till she was next to Yu Jitae. Usually, they would have watched TV together without saying anything but it seemed like there was something she wanted to talk about today.
“Is there something you want to say?”
“Can I?”
“If you want.”
“It’s a story about us…”
She threw a glance at Yu Jitae before opening her mouth.
“We were unlucky.”
In an indifferent tone, she started her story.
“Around the time we left, Askalifa had become a bad place for Amusements. Due to a great famine, there was nothing to eat; pandemics covered the continent and there was no end to wars.”
For him, it was a story he hadn’t been interested in during the previous regressions but now, it was necessary for him to listen.
“It had turned into a world that didn’t allow a good experience and the adults wished for us to cross over to a nearby dimension for our Amusements. Fortunately, there had been dragons that had gone to a close world for their own Amusements and we left for ours after having received a bit of their memories.”
“Was that when the dimension became disjointed?”
“Yes. That was something even I couldn’t predict. Due to coming to a dimension too far, we couldn’t return.”
When he gave a nod, Bom continued her words.
“We had quite a hard time because all the things we took with us had been lost. Dolls that can act like humans, as well as Protectors that should be protecting us all disappeared. So we couldn’t mix in with humans as well, and had faced danger.”
Up to there was also something Yu Jitae knew of. He decided to ask something that had been on his mind.
“Why aren’t the adults looking for you.”
He didn’t expect a good answer, because all the dragons in the previous regressions gave a consistent answer of ‘I don’t know’. However, this time around, Bom hesitated a little, as words escaped along with a sigh.
“They can’t.”
“What?”
“Dragons are mentally connected. It’s like being connected by several threads, for example. But on the way here, a few of those strings had been broken. I can’t tell you the details but… that’s why we were anxious. I was like that, and I’m sure Yeorum and Kaeul were too.”
She spoke with a depressed expression before raising her tone back up.
“But after coming here, they are getting better slowly. It feels like our lives are getting stable. Thank you ahjussi.”
Bom’s words reached Yu Jitae in the form of a consolation, as it meant that the direction he chose this round wasn’t wrong.
“By the way, ahjussi.”
“Yeah.”
“Can you send Kaeul to the entertainment industry?”
“…”
It was an abrupt question, but was also something that had to be talked about. Yu Jitae held his words in.
“You see, after coming for our Amusement, I helped Kaeul start streaming on her own because I knew she would like it.”
“And?”
“She wasn’t that popular it seems, for a few months.”
This was a bit questionable for him.
Although he didn’t know much about streaming and the entertainment industry, Kaeul had turned into a successful celebrity a number of times already in the previous lives. There probably wasn’t that big of a reason behind it. It must have been because she was pretty.
And yet, her stream wasn’t popular?
“So right when we were pondering what to do, she was scouted by someone in the streets. There, they started ordering her to do strange things by using the contract.”
“What did they make her do?”
“Kaeul didn’t say anything regarding that so I’m not too sure either.”
That must be why she had run to the amazon, and took poisonous mushrooms.
“If you could get rid of the bad people, ahjussi, wouldn’t it be possible for Kaeul to become a celebrity?”
Shutting his mouth, Yu Jitae closed his eyes.
Around that point in time, Kaeul’s breath changed, as well as her heartbeat rate. She had been listening to the conversation while pretending to be asleep. Thus, a careful response was what was required.
To the Regressor, it wasn’t a great situation to be in.
Every few rounds, the Gold Dragon had become a celebrity, either as an actor, or a singer. To a daughter of the Gold race, which was the closest race to human society, it might perhaps be a natural thing.
What would happen if he let Kaeul be here? As if imitating the previous rounds, she would grasp enormous wealth and honour. She would also be loved more than she ever expected.
And that would be troubling.
In a certain previous round, Yu Jitae had asked a psychologist about Kaeul’s story, about why a person loved by the mass would break apart and die in despair.
‘…It’s because the expected value of love becomes higher.’
The explanation was that excessive amounts of love would become poison in some areas of life. Since everyone had their own tastes, there were bound to be disjoints and clashes and would inevitably give birth to some hostility. Kaeul’s pure personality also played a part.
Since she always received an excessive amount of love, when misaligned interest approached her as a curse, her young conscience resembling a child couldn’t withstand that sense of loss.
Depression and a sense of emptiness, or even a sense of loss driving it crazy. Due to all that, the Gold Dragon started bouncing around like a rugby ball. In some rounds, she was more so than the Red Dragon.
“I can’t allow that.”
To the Regressor, it was a future that must be avoided and for that reason, he shared his thoughts with Bom and Kaeul. He could see the blonde hair flinching in the middle of its feigned sleep, as it must have been greatly disappointed.
Even then, it couldn’t be helped.
“…”
However, it seemed like Bom hadn’t given up her will, as if she had expected it from the start. With a pleading gaze, she matched her line of sight with Yu Jitae’s.
“Is it really not possible?”
“No.”
“Without any room for discussion?”
“It is something I can’t handle.”
With twitching lips, Bom asked again.
“Is it impossible even if it is just one year of experience?”
She was trying to reach a compromise after hearing his determined answer. He decided to let go of his stubbornness and thought for a bit.
No, even then, one year was too long.
“No.”
“What about six months?”
He contemplated the amount of time and remembered how the Gold Dragon broke in the mere span of six months. Thus, six months wasn’t allowed either.
“How about one month? She will just do it for a bit and give up if it goes wrong. Isn’t that fine?”
Yet again, he shook his head. One month was too long, and was enough to invite misfortune. After being rejected over and over again, Bom bit her lower lips a little. Then she turned her head slightly to the side and murmured to herself.
“Stubborn.”
Yu Jitae didn’t give a reply.
“Okay. Then what about just once?”
“Once?”
“Just once. Help Kaeul stand in front of people just once.”
How would this turn out to be?
Dragons did not forget. One experience could be imprinted into their brain as a good memory as they reminisce it forever. Although love and interest of humans causes addiction, just one experience should be fine right?
“Can you be satisfied by experiencing it just once?”
Bom did not respond as it was a question toward Kaeul.
“I, I, I am sleeping.”
A fluttered voice escaped.
“I get it so just give me an answer. Can you be satisfied with just one experience?”
Golden eyes slowly showed itself as she raised her body.
“Mmm, hmm, uhh…”
Then, she spoke after a bit of hesitation.
“Umm, back then. There were lots of seats there right?”
“There were.”
“So it means that all those seats will be filled with people. Thinking of all those people watching me, like, makes me nervous.”
She hesitantly continued her words.
“And expectant.”
Her voice was so soft that it was crawling but Yu Jitae did not give a response. When the silence got longer, she glanced at his face and added more words.
“Ah, ah! But that doesn’t mean I can stand on the stage during the entrance ceremony right? I’m not asking for anything that big. Even if it’s a small place, if I could stand in front of people at least once, it would be awesome.”
“…”
“It, it’s okay! It’s fine even if I can’t.”
Silence befell the area yet again. Waiting for his reply, Kaeul faced Bom with an uneasy look but Bom returned a nod gesturing that it was okay. Soon, Yu Jitae finally opened his mouth.
“Right. I understand.”
Surprised, the baby chicken covered her mouth.
“…Really?”
“As long as it’s just once.”
Slowly but surely, a bright smile was drawn on her face. Screaming “Unni!”, Kaeul hugged Bom with excitement while Bom hugged her back and glanced at Yu Jitae. Her gaze seemingly reflected her gratitude.
That was when Yu Jitae’s phone started ringing.
– Hello. This is Mister Yu Jitae, the guardian, I’m talking to right?
It was a familiar voice, belonging to PR Team Leader Yong Dohee.
“Yes. Is there any matter?”
Team Leader Yong’s words continued. It seemed that the directing team would love to see Kaeul at least once and told them to come for an audition if they so desired. He had thought that it would be naturally impossible to get a spot, but there was apparently a sudden change in the situation.
If she heard it, the baby chicken would probably get so happy that she could faint.
The situation seemed to be flowing in a perfect order, even giving off a feeling that it was manmade. In that instant, he remembered the fact that the green race could read the future by relying on Providence..
In doubt, he raised his line of sight to face Bom and when he did, Bom turned her eyes away slightly and avoided eye contact.
Yu Jitae made an empty smile.
This kid…
*
“…”
Seeing Kaeul from the front, PD Ha Junsoo was silent for a long time.
“Is anything wrong?”
He remained silent even after Kaeul’s question. As if he was looking at a piece of art, he blankly looked at her face again and again. That was when he felt a sharp gaze from somewhere – it was the guardian’s.
Quickly realising his mistake, Ha Junsoo looked away and waved his hand.
“Ah, ah. My apologies. Cadet Yu Kaeul, was it?”
“Yes yes.”
“After around one week, there is a final selection for the declaration reading member position of the new cadets. It is like the final audition.”
“Ah, yes.”
“I’m sure you’re aware, but this ‘New Cadet Declaration’ is the highlight of entrance ceremonies and Cadet Yu Kaeul’s image was a perfect fit. You’ll be a bit short on time, but would you like to prepare for it?”
Reactions varied per person.
Kaeul made a bright smile while going, “Yes!”, while the directing staff members that knew the usual, selfish Ha Junsoo, shook their heads while whispering, “Aigo… PD is doing it again…”
The overall atmosphere of the staff excluding Ha Junsoo wasn’t positive.
What kind of thing was the New Cadet Declaration? It was an event that gathered the most number of viewers amongst all the events. Countless number of reporters focused on it and people would compare them to the readers of previous years and compare them to evaluate superhumans.
In other words, they would become the face of the cadets of that year.
When Kaeul left the room alongside her guardian, sighs escaped their mouths.
“Aigo. Mister PD is being stubborn again.”
“True. Even if she starts now, there’s no way she could even be compared to the ones that started preparing ages ago. They aren’t playing around either.”
“I know right. The public speech academies in Haytling are all booked out yeah?”
They were all expecting a negative result. That was when the youngest member of the directing staff carefully asked a question.
“Why? Wasn’t that cadet super pretty?”
“What? That’s not the important part. Being pretty or not is a secondary issue and they need charisma.”
“Charisma?”
“Because a person appearing in public for the first time has to grab the attention of cadets present in the entrance ceremony, as well as the viewers on the other side of the camera.”
“Ahh…”
Only then did the young member remember last year’s declarer and come to an understanding. With a tall height and a voice lower than the echoes of a cave, he grasped the audience with a tone overflowing with charisma.
He had quit Lair and was currently an active actor in Hollywood.
That was the level of impact required.
“I see…”
“And that child is too bright and young. She is cute but her image isn’t suited. Can a girl like that become the spokesperson of soldiers facing enormous threats and the despair of those that lost their loved ones?”
Is that how it is?
Yu Jitae, who had been standing on the corridor till now, slowly began carrying his feet. He came back in half-doubt and had received a fairly decent clue.
Dragons could assimilate themselves with others’ feelings and memories. Thus, he thought he could provide some help to Kaeul.
*
“Sorry? You will be helping the audition?”
“Yeah.”
“You, ahjussi?”
“…That’s how it will be.”
“Ah, in that case, there’s this word I don’t know. Explain this word please.”
Kaeul shoved the script at him.
Just like that, Yu Jitae sat together with Kaeul and focused on the script while Bom watched them from the side.
It was then.
Yu Jitae raised his eyes and looked forward and before long, Bom and Kaeul’s head turned at the same time, to the same place.
Their eyes were fixated on the blue egg.
Crack–
Cracks started being formed on the egg.
Chapter 21: Gyeoul / Winter (1)
The last ‘birth of a life’ he saw wasn’t that pretty.
In a certain round of regression, 15 kilometres to the East of the Gaza district, Palestine.
Following down the railway that had not even a road nearby, one would end up at a shanty town called Dyrrel. It was a place where those with no possession and those with nothing to gain gathered and sold whatever they could while avoiding conflict.
Yu Jitae, who had visited that place to find something he needed, coincidentally discovered a pregnant woman painted in dirt and blood, giving birth in the middle of an empty plot of land during broad daylight.
There was not even a proper sewage system, and the roads were filthy and contaminated while it was a conflict zone where refugees weren’t even allowed to dig up wells. With hollow cheeks and not even a sign of fat on her thin thighs, the pregnant woman wailed and screamed. Giving birth was a second priority as she cried in pain for help.
Although there were many onlookers, there was not a single one approaching her. Her appearance as she screamed from the depths of her lungs with an extremely thin body resembled a devil and the ignorant ones watched from a distance while treating her like a pandemic.
The only one that approached her was a sick, hungry wild dog, tilting its head and wondering when this will become its food.
He didn’t know why.
Following the strange feelings he felt inside, he threw some money to a midwife with lots of experience located in a nearby brothel and tried to help the woman giving birth. However, the experienced midwife saw the woman’s appearance and rejected the money, saying that she wouldn’t be able to give birth.
Yu Jitae did not take the money back, and told her to try it since it was okay to fail.
The door of the pregnant woman, that wasn’t properly opened, occasionally retched as if it was about to vomit and appeared to be seconds away from having something large escape it but she lacked strength at the last minute. In the end, her breath that barely held on soon stopped.
But when the woman stopped her movement, a baby flowed out along with a discharge of blood. In surprise, the midwife received the baby, but the baby was already dead for some reason.
A dead woman gave birth to a dead baby.
Without blaming the midwife, he walked away.
It wasn’t a great experience and he had never been reminded of that incident ever again. But…
Crack. Crackk–
Why did memories of that time resurface in his head while seeing the cracking egg of the Blue Dragon? It hadn’t happened in the previous round.
Crack…
The hatch was slow and the crevice slowly continued cracking in the shape of a cobweb.
“U, unni!”
Kaeul went and called Yeorum.
Sitting silently in the living room of the dormitory, Yu Jitae waited until the dragon could leave its shell on its own. Next to him was Bom hugging her knees while watching the egg and even Yeorum remained quiet in a time like this. Kaeul, who had been restlessly talking about how she would be having a younger sibling when the cracks first began, now held her breath and watched over the birth of a life.
Drop.
A fragment of the broken egg fell on the ground.
Soon, a small head of a reptile soared out from the hole. With a swollen face and eyes that couldn’t even open yet, the baby dragon slowly turned its face over to the surroundings.
Gyeoul, had been born.
*
By the time he returned from a nearby department store with powdered milk and a baby bottle in hand, the children were sitting in a circle in the living room, watching Gyeoul.
“Uwah, she’s moving! Uwahh… Look at her wings. Was I this small as well?”
Kaeul watched Gyeoul, as if she found her intriguing. A small kid was saying that while watching an even smaller being.
Bom hugged the not-so-small blue dragon and cleaned the unclean parts of the dragon with a wet tissue. Her hand movements were quite natural.
“Did you learn that?”
“Ah, this is what my mother did to me in the past. Normally you would lick it off though.”
Do they even remember things like that? Thinking that, Yu Jitae merely watched.
“Would you like to hold her?”
“I’m fine.”
When Yu Jitae rejected, Kaeul ran in.
“Me! Me me me! I want to!”
“Her skin’s still soft so you need to be careful.”
“Nn!”
Kaeul struggled to hold the blue dragon and looked at its face.
“…”
After that, she remained stiff for a long time, with a blank expression and a slightly open mouth. Soon, she handed the dragon over to Yeorum as if giving away the responsibility.
“What. What are you doing.”
“Hold her once. Unni, this, this is really like…”
“I’m not interested though?”
“No. Just hold her once okay? Wahh, this feels really… Uhh, ehh, ahh, just take her!”
“Have you gone mad? I said I’m not interested!”
Today, Kaeul was unusually forceful. Yeorum, who received Gyeoul with a displeased expression hugged the dragon with a dissatisfied look on her face as if she wasn’t inclined to do so.
After scanning the dragon up and down a bit, she lowered her head and laid her nose closer to smell Gyeoul. Starting from the dragon’s white stomach, she smelled up towards the chest, and then the wings, as well as the head. Then, she used her tongue to lick the dragon’s small horn.
As for the meaning behind that gesture, he had no way of knowing it.
“Well, she is pretty. You hold her as well.”
“I’m fine.”
“Here you go okay?”
Yeorum handed the dragon over in a throwing motion. Having no other choice, Yu Jitae held Gyeoul up.
She was heavy. Whenever it wriggled its body, its movement clearly reached him through the blue skin and when he held it into his arms, he felt the loud beating of its heart. The small dragon heart embedded in the small body was already carrying out its task.
“Hehe.”
What are you looking at.
“No, no, no. It’s a bit interesting. This just looks strange. Ah! Can I take a picture?”
You can’t.
He was about to say that but Kaeul had already turned on the camera app on her watch.
“Ah, Kaeul, wait.”
“Nn?”
Right when Kaeul was about to take the photo, Bom held her hands together and fidgeted. Soon, dirt was created out of nothing, after which a small flower showed its head. She created a flower with magic.
She picked the flower up and placed it behind the dragon’s ears that resembled the wings of a bat.
“How does this look?”
“Uwah… so pretty.”
After saying that, Kaeul went “nn? Nn?” Something seemed to have popped up in her head.
“Ah, Bom-unni. Give me one more flower please.”
Around the time he oddly began feeling worried, Kaeul received the flower from Bom and walked up to Yu Jitae before placing the flower behind his ear. Then, she started laughing out loud like a baby chicken while Bom and Yeorum both seemed to be laughing as well.
Yu Jitae’s dark expression despite having a beautiful pink flower was like a painting.
“I’ll take the photo then!”
“…”
Click!
Taking a few more pictures, they showed it to each other and laughed. Meanwhile Yu Jitae remained still while hugging Gyeoul.
Soon, the Blue Dragon’s eyes quivered before being carefully lifted up.
It stared at Yu Jitae.
And Yu Jitae stared back.
*
It was late at night.
Since Bom volunteered to take care of the child, Yeorum returned to her room and Kaeul went back to her room with the declaration script and a regretful expression.
He heated the milk until it was warm and poured it into the baby bottle. When he asked ‘what do baby dragons eat?’ Bom replied by saying they don’t need to. But when they do eat something delicious, they would enjoy that feeling, it seemed.
In curiosity, he tried tasting the powdered milk and realised that it tasted like a plain version of milk. He wasn’t sure if it would suit the baby’s taste.
“Ah, I’ll do it.”
Bom received the bottle from him.
Gulping the milk down her throat, Gyeoul stared back and forth between Bom and Yu Jitae. Although he had no talent in reading the expression of dragons, the dragon’s favourability when checked through [Eyes of Equilibrium] was a continuation of ‘like’, ‘like’ and ‘like’.
It meant that Gyeoul enjoyed it.
Late at night, when he was about to return to his own room, Bom asked if he could stay a bit longer.
“Why.”
“It will start getting busy after the semester begins, but we have some free time now right? I was thinking of doing a magic transference for Gyeoul.”
“Magic transference?”
“Yes. She will get bigger and bigger as time goes and she can’t stay in this form for a few years so I wanted to teach her how to polymorph.”
He asked not because he didn’t know what it was.
[Magic Transference] proceeds with the life force of the caster as a mortgage and uses a tremendous amount of mana. It could be compared to the process of cutting up one’s own flesh and having someone else eat it.
It wasn’t as extreme as sacrificing half of their remaining lifespan or something but those he knew of would stay in bed for a few months with a weak body after completing magic transference.
“Will you be alright?”
“Yes. I think it would be better for this child as well if she could gain interesting experiences together with us as fast as possible.”
“Got it.”
Although she would be safe as long as she stayed in the dorm, she was asking him to stay nearby regardless because she would be in a completely defenceless state during the process of a magic transference.
He sat on the sofa.
“Gyeoul. You can’t move from now on okay.”
Perhaps having felt Bom’s feelings, Gyeoul straightened her body stiffly.
After hugging Gyeoul, she placed her forehead on the Blue Dragon’s forehead. Since the ritual and the communication of emotions occurred from a brain to another, it was a required contact.
Soon, mana started flowing through from Bom’s forehead over to Gyeoul’s. Without a word, Yu Jitae kept his seat until the transfer ended.
Magic Transference didn’t end with just once. It lasted around six hours a day, for two days, before continuing on to the third day. Meanwhile, Yu Jitae helped Kaeul prepare for the declaration audition, while waiting for the polymorph to work.
On the fourth day, Bom’s face drastically turned muddled in exhaustion. With a sunken face and a pair of unfocused eyes, she blankly ate the sushi Yu Jitae bought, a tiny bit at a time.
“Are you okay, unni? You almost look like a zombie.”
“Yeah, a bit tired.”
“Is there still a lot left?”
“I think today will be the last.”
“…That sounds like a lot of trouble. But at the same time, I’m a bit jealous. I want to touch Gyeoul as well.”
Kaeul found it regrettable. Gyeoul slept for over ten and a few hours a day and received magic from Bom whenever she was awake. Due to that, there was no room for Kaeul or Yu Jitae to approach her.
Fortunately, Bom’s hard work wasn’t betrayed. By the end of the night on the fourth day, right before dawn, Bom drove her head in the wooden tile like a fermented spring onion kimchi after having completed the magic transference.
“Are you done?”
“…”
The back of the head placed on the wooden floor gave a faint nod. She used up all her power to the point she couldn’t take care of her own body. Raising her up, Yu Jitae brought her to her bed.
“Take a good sleep.”
“I won’t be sleeping for that long.”
“Why.”
“Kaeul still has her audition so… I’ll sleep just a few days… and wake…”
Her voice stopped in the middle of a speech as she started dozing off while snoring. Yu Jitae placed a blanket over her and left the room but the moment he did, something he was seeing for the first time entered his sight.
A back of a head and hair resembling the colour of the ocean could be seen. The curly long hair was in an unkempt, messy state.
Other than that, a small body, a small head, and an even smaller shoulder, as well as a diaper he bought was seen beneath the tiny back. Bom seemed to have made the child wear it despite there being no need to.
That was the appearance of Gyeoul in her polymorphed state.
The child that took the form of a human was sitting on the floor tilting its head in every direction. Yu Jitae quietly approached the child and crouched down before calling it.
“Hi.”
Gyeoul turned around.
There seemed to be exhaustion and sleepiness hanging on her large, clear, blue eyes but the moment they found Yu Jitae’s eyes, a smile instantaneously flooded her expression. Making a bright smile, Gyeoul moved her lips but stuttered, perhaps because she didn’t know how to speak yet.
Yu Jitae raised the child up on her two feet. She already appeared like a three year-old human child and could stand on her own feet. Dragons in their polymorphed state grew extremely rapidly and kept their youth for thousands of years. Thinking back on the previous rounds, the Blue Dragon was ought to grow up and be like others before long.
When he raised her up, he realised that she should wear something so borrowing a shirt from Kaeul, who had a shorter height than others, he put it on the child.
Feeling the lower ends of the shirt reaching her legs, she seemed intrigued. But it was late at night, and Gyeoul appeared exhausted from the aftermath of the magic transference.
“Let’s go to sleep now.”
As Yu Jitae was about to raise Gyeoul up for a hug, she threw her arms wide open towards Yu Jitae. When he remained still, she leaned forward and held Yu Jitae’s two cheeks before pulling him towards herself.
Thinking that it might be thinking of a peck on the mouth, he attempted to turn his head away when a small forehead reached and touched his forehead.
In that small distance with touching foreheads, the pair of blue eyes blinked and looked directly at Yu Jitae.
He made a faint smile.
It seemed that the child thought of this as a way of expressing affection.
Chapter 22: Gyeoul / Winter (2)
Lair was pretty cold during the dawn, despite Haytling’s protective walls stopping the chilly air of the stratosphere. Today, the sky appeared taller than usual.
That morning, Yu Jitae walked outside alone in order to create an identity for Gyeoul. Adding one more child to the virtual Yu household that had already been formed wasn’t a difficult task. However, the processing speed of the underground wasn’t as fast as himself and by the time he was returning home, it was already midday.
On the way back, a strange yet hazy wave could be felt by his senses. Sensing that, Yu Jitae stood still and looked up at the sky. There was a fissure being created in the sky, as something crawled out through the gap.
Are they coming already? It’s a lot faster than other rounds.
With such thoughts in mind, Yu Jitae carried his feet.
He visited a toy store on the way home and bought a small doll. It was a blue, ugly teddy bear. It’s name was apparently a ‘blue bear’ and he chose it because Gyeoul’s hair colour was also blue.
Taking care of everything, Yu Jitae returned to the dormitory. Leaning on the guardrail of the window, Yeorum was having a smoke.
“…”
When their eyes met, she let out a gush of smoke.
“What is that?”
Staring at the teddy bear, she asked.
“A gift.”
“What about mine?”
“There’s none.”
“Give me mine.”
“Is there something you want?”
“Un.”
“Use your own money.”
“…”
Smoke gushed out of her two nostrils.
That looked a bit like a red dragon.
Yeorum spitted on the ground and it landed right in front of his feet. When he raised his head back up, she was already long gone.
“Welcome back.”
When he walked into the dorm, he found the baby chicken welcoming him while wearing a wide smile on her face with half her body still inside her room. Meanwhile, Yeorum was on the sofa watching TV without even sparing him a glance.
Four days ago, he had applied for Haytling’s public speech academy with Kaeul and they would head there everyday around this time.
“Are you ready?”
“Ah, yes. I mean no. Wait. I don’t like these clothes so let me change into something different!”
Her room door was then shut. He pondered whether he should wait outside, but decided to walk into the dorm.
He felt a gaze from the other side of the corridor. Turning around, he found Gyeoul carefully walking up with a nervous expression.
For some reason, it seemed like she was trying to read his countenance. With tightly sealed lips, she stared at Yu Jitae’s face and would stealthily turn her eyes away whenever their eyes met.
When Yu Jitae turned his head away, she would stare at him once again, before carefully treading one step after another, as she hesitantly approached him.
That was when Yeorum, lying down on the sofa, opened her mouth.
“Was waiting for you.”
“Huh?”
“That kid was waiting for you. Ever since I woke up in the morning, she was sitting in front of the door watching it.”
Chewing on the remote, she added a few more words.
“Like a dog looking for its owner.”
He didn’t think much of it. Walking up to Gyeoul, he rested his hand on her head and shared a simple greeting by saying, “Did you sleep well?” Gyeoul did not say anything in response, and merely closed her eyes tight.
The moment he retrieved his hand, Gyeoul raised both her hands and carefully caressed her own head, with widely opened circular eyes.
“It’s a gift.”
Yu Jitae handed the teddy bear in his hand to Gyeoul and turned around.
“How’s Bom.”
“Still sleeping.”
Yu Jitae headed to Bom’s room and found Bom curling her body in like a prawn in a deep sleep. Placing a hand on her forehead, he felt it almost reaching boiling temperature.
Her fever was extremely intense but when he asked Yeorum, she replied by saying that it wasn’t that big of an issue in dragons’ standards.
“You’ve been watching that drama for a few days now.”
“Yeah, this is interesting. It’s an American drama where they fight with swords and spears but there are like seven seasons to it. I was bored to death.”
He couldn’t understand whether it was interesting or boring.
But that expression on Yeorum’s face was that of a red race before running out of their home and making trouble so Yu Jitae left some words telling her to not cause trouble. Her response, “Am I a kid?” pierced through his ears.
“Ahjussi! I’m ready!”
“Okay.”
Before long, Kaeul left her room along with a ‘tada’.
The children received three types of clothing as they entered Lair, with them being a school uniform, a ceremonial dressing and clothes to wear during battles. Currently, Kaeul was wearing a ceremonial dress that was worn during festivals and events. With a blouse on the top and a h-line skirt beneath, there was also a laurel tree brooch – the symbol of Lair – attached on her chest.
“How do I look?”
“Pretty.”
“Good!”
Yu Jitae was about to take Kaeul outside when a miserable gaze entered his sight. It was Gyeoul, hugging the teddy bear with both her arms.
“Do you want to go together?”
A flower bloomed on her hesitant expression and with a tightly sealed mouth, she slowly gave a nod. When Yu Jitae reached forth with his hand, she slowly started walking which gradually got faster, until she toddled her way into Yu Jitae’s arms. Raising Gyeoul up into his arms, he took Kaeul outside.
During the way, Kaeul continued fidgeting with the script that had been worn out in the mere span of a few days. Even without doing that, it would remain in her memories, and yet she examined the script endlessly regardless.
***
After finishing the declaration, Kaeul slowly closed her mouth.
“Hmm…”
Inside a lesson room of the public speech academy, the owner, Ahn Kimoon made a frown as wrinkles filled his forehead that had been revealed in an M shape.
“…”
Touching his chin, he thought back on the current situation.
Four days ago.
A guardian suddenly showed up and wanted to make their cadet pass the audition that would be happening in around one week. On the outside, he was so young that he barely looked like someone reaching thirties but there was still an atmosphere around him that made it difficult to reject.
Even then, what was impossible was impossible and Ahn Kimoon downright rejected it.
“I’ll give you ten times the normal lesson fee,” the man said.
…At least Ahn Kimoon was planning to reject it but the amount was too large for that.
“In return, please give her as many lessons as possible.”
Thus, Ahn Kimoon decided to accept the offer first. He said a successful pass couldn’t be guaranteed but the guardian replied by saying that didn’t matter.
That was how Ahn Kimoon started teaching the student.
And after just one day, he became dejected. Compared to those that learned how to orate from childhood and those that focused on preparing for the declaration for a few months, she was horrible. The cadet didn’t know anything including how to use tone properly, nor the way to express emotions.
“Cadet Kaeul. Today is the fifth day since we started having lessons together. And there are four days left till the audition. Right?”
A heavy voice resonated and Kaeul opened her mouth in tension.
“Yes.”
“You will receive a fat zero as a lesson student.”
“…Ah.”
Kaeul lowered her head, but Ahn Kimoon waved his hand and added more words.
“If every student was like you, how would I earn money?”
“…Sorry?”
Her melancholic expression immediately turned brighter.
“Ah, thank you.”
“You’re getting better extremely fast. Do you even sleep? Haha.”
Watching that from behind with Gyeoul in his arms, Yu Jitae knew that those words had coincidentally hit the mark. During the five days after registering for the public speech academy, Kaeul did not sleep a second. She watched every video of the previous declarations that had been given by the owner and repeated the declaration thousands of times.
It was possible because she was a dragon.
In that moment, the owner’s smile suddenly vanished and he heaved out a sigh in seriousness.
“But you see. You’re following better than I thought but you can’t be all too happy yet.”
“Yes?”
“Vocalisation, breath, rhythm. Everything’s perfect. It’s all good but there aren’t proper emotions embedded inside yet. So what if the skills are all perfect when it doesn’t ring the hearts of the listeners? Do you want me to be more frank? You are like a machine reading a declaration right now.”
“Ah…”
“You need emotions. The sorrow of a lamenting one and the desire to fight and win. Right now, you’re merely imitating it.”
The owner’s nitpicking continued for a long time. Sensing the atmosphere, Gyeoul glared at him but a baby’s gaze wasn’t that threatening.
“You’ve done well until now. But you need to practise more and do better than others because you started off later than others. That’s what you yourself wished for, okay?”
“Yes…”
After the lesson ended, the three remained in the practice room and Yu Jitae observed Kaeul. He thought she would be feeling depressed, but she was reading the declaration script with an unexpectedly calm expression.
“Are you okay?”
“Yes?”
“Are you fine.”
“Ah, yes. I’m okay.”
A short silence filled the room.
“…Umm.”
“Yeah.”
“This, I don’t understand very well.”
“Which?”
“I understand how the script should be expressed but I don’t really understand how the feelings should be. Especially from this part.”
She handed him the script.
+++
Moonlight to daylight; herbivores to carnivores; labourers to the rich; macroscopically speaking the entire universe and at a microscopic level, the microorganisms crawling between fingers. The weak have always been hunted by the strong leaving no traces behind, and had to depend on acquiring skills to keep their lives going.
+++
It was a segment that shared the sorrows of humans for their defeat against monsters.
“I have never felt a sense of danger like this you see…”
That was understandable. Even though she appeared like this, she was a dragon.
Dragons, the short-tempered beings, have always been the predators and were mostly selfish so would definitely be unable to understand the emotions of the prey.
What should be done, then…
As a soldier, as a superhuman, and as a commander, he remembered how meagre humans were in front of countless hazards. Originally, he had been planning to share a bit of his memories and emotions with Kaeul from the get go.
But Bom said, “If Kaeul directly felt those emotions, it would be a great shock to her,” so he wasn’t planning to do it but,
With only three days remaining, there was no other way around it.
After some contemplation, Yu Jitae placed Gyeoul down on top of the table. With the doll in one hand, she tried to grab Yu Jitae with the other hand but when the distance became too large, she regretfully closed her fingers.
“How close do you need to be for dragons to receive emotions?”
“Hmm… touching the clothes is fine.”
“Grab it.”
“Ah, yes.”
Kaeul carefully held Yu Jitae’s wrist. Closing his mouth, he contemplated for a short period of time before slowly opening his mouth.
“This is a story of my acquaintance.”
That was the story of a man, that worked as a centurion of Korea’s superhuman soldiers, who lost half of his subordinates, plus an arm and an eye, before ultimately being held captive by the organisation of demons.
“It was a cold day. Their toes would freeze every morning.”
He started the story of his second round of regression.
Chapter 23: Those who protect (1)
“That winter, that friend took the position of a commander of a hundred men.”
A life that began with the memories of the first regression.
The man acquired all sorts of hidden treasures worldwide before others, monopolised skills and blessings while keeping the required people next to him. Thanks to that, he was able to become a commander of a hundred men at a young age despite hiding half of his strength.
“He had a hundred subordinates, and they were all people who had their strengths acknowledged.”
Thinking back, even their faces were hard to remember but they had been as precious as his own life in the past. He couldn’t remember the feelings he had towards them though. Like a black silhouette appearing behind a hazy fog, he could only remember the fact that there had been such a thing in the past.
“Back then, wars were breaking out around the country as organisations of demons began moving.”
To him, the small and large battles weren’t of any threats. He had hidden a part of his strength and going to the dungeons and battlefields was like a job he merely had to fulfil.
In that period of time when everyone started acknowledging him and he continued building up a career, he was satisfied by the second opportunity he was given, and longed for such happiness to continue forever.
“While going through various battlefields with his subordinates, that friend met a woman.”
Ha Saetbyul.
Being a superhuman of a rare operator position, she was a woman that had taken care of children at an orphanage before the war, before awakening as a superhuman.
The ability she awakened with was a [Danger-sensing Eye]. It was an ability that suited the position of an ‘operator’ that served as a person suggesting the direction of the troop, and after a partial destruction of the Chungcheong district, she had voluntarily entered the army.
Despite not receiving a proper military education, the Korean government’s policy was rapid. The woman who cleaned floors and sang lullabies for children at night until the day before, was forced onto the battlefield immediately.
“She was a really faint-hearted woman.”
Ha Saetbyul was a coward. She feared the battle and whenever a war broke out, she was the first one to hide and would later hear an earful from the man. Due to her fear of blood, she couldn’t even stare properly at a wounded soldier.
There was a time when she had been at the back as a noncombatant member, and had an arrow scrape past her leg. In front of others, she acted composed but when she was with him, she whined tremendously and exaggerated the pain.
Perhaps it was natural because the battlefields were too horrendous for those that lived daily lives.
Did a sight like that stir up the protective instinct within him? Although it was something he could hardly understand now, the man from back then slowly fell for the woman. Who other than me would help a coward like this – it was probably a naive thought along the lines of that.
“As the war continued, the woman slowly opened her heart to the man as well.”
In a place destroyed by the anti-aircraft bombardments, when the two were the only ones remaining inside a hole, the man spoke to the woman casually out of the blue. And the woman replied.
Perhaps because they both required a place to lean on, they quickly got closer and the soldiers congratulated them.
“The two promised their future. When the war ends, they would draw their future together.”
A good place for a honeymoon, and the number of kids as well as how they should be nurtured – the two spent their time pondering such things.
‘Jitae-oppa, can I do something that difficult?’
‘It’s like taking an egg out of a nostril, right?’
‘Gives me goosebumps just imagining it.’
Her voice that conveyed her fear of giving birth to a child seemed to have faintly remained in his memories despite a long time having passed by. In the midst of their time together on the vast wasteland, they stuck closeby to fight the cold.
“The night sky they watched together was very pretty.”
‘It most likely was’, he thought, but now, it was a memory that did not make him feel anything in the slightest.
“But the good times did not last that long.”
The state of the war began changing. Demons suddenly got stronger, and their tactics as well as equipment were leagues apart from what they used to be.
“In the battle, there was an enemy the man did not know of. It was extremely strong and evil. The enemy had been building up its strength at a hidden place.”
Thinking that the demons were all similar was him being complacent. The ‘real ones’ that did not even show themselves in the first regression existed there.
“Although classified as demons, there weren’t many that knew their true identities. Those amongst demons that exceeded a certain boundary of strength were like living catastrophes. That dim-witted guy discovered that way too late.”
Lords of demons, the so-called ‘catastrophes’. As they entered the battlefields, the situation drastically changed.
“Due to having a lot of victories, the man became a target. His troops were involved due to being under him, and his subordinates started being killed.”
Half of the subordinates that travelled with him for half a year returned to the earth in the mere span of three days.
“He tried but couldn’t protect them.”
Facing absolute strength, the man was powerless. Despite holding the hands of the dying soldiers, he couldn’t do anything but to wish for a good afterlife. In front of a failing life, the most the man could do was to blabber a few words.
Due to consecutive defeats, the troop had been pushed over and over again. And when they were pushed into a corner.
“It had finally appeared – a demon of a catastrophe level.”
An absolute power which, at the time, could not even be fathomed.
“The demon was strong.”
To the point that all those years of holding a weapon felt meaningless, the battle ended in a bland manner.
“And was brutal.”
The captured ones did not die. But instead, they were tortured for no reason.
“As the tortures continued, many of his subordinates were killed.
“The man lost an arm to a saw.
“And the timid woman had her two eyes skewered by a hook.
“They all thought they were about to die like that, but the demon that enjoyed playing with human lives said on the spot.”
– I’m quite a benevolent person and I can let all of you live.
– But the commander can’t. He was more annoying than a baby mosquito so he must die.
– …But you see.
– I heard your squad was very affectionate? Apparently the commander threw his body to protect his soldiers.
– If you received something, you must return it or you can’t be considered a human right? That’s the difference with demon bastards like us, isn’t it?
– So, is there anyone that would like to die in the commander’s stead?
With his neck grabbed by the demon, the man wobbled like a doll with all its strings cut. The squad was silent. In front of an exceedingly enormous fear, rage cooled down and vengeance hid itself. All they could do was to tremble and pray to the gods.
In that quiet wasteland, a woman’s voice was heard.
‘…Me.’ She said.
Losing both of her eyes and blood covering her cheeks, the woman took a step forward. That faint-hearted woman was stepping forward with her own feet.
The demon broke out into a huge laughter. He had the ability to control people.
“The demon manipulated the man and made him kill the woman after torturing her.”
Just a few days ago, he said he would protect her.
But the man raised his sword and approached the woman. Despite having no eyes, the woman sensed the man approaching her.
She was a woman that feared fighting.
She was stabbed by a sword.
A woman that feared getting hurt the most. All her fingers and toes were broken. Every joint was snapped and her skin was sliced. Despite that, her life force as a superhuman was stubborn, and the slow torture served no threat to her life.
She hated seeing blood.
Her entire body had turned into a mess of blood.
The wintery night was long. Her screams that started from the setting of the sun stopped by the time the sun started rising back again. However, the torture continued despite no voice escaping her lips and the man, whilst crying, could not stop his hands.
Right before her breath ceased, Ha Saetbyul told him one thing at the last second.
‘I’m… cold…’
Ha Saetbyul who would be living somewhere in Korea right now, turned into something beyond recognition and died.
It was him, that killed her.
What emotion did she feel? Kaeul’s grip holding Yu Jitae’s wrist hardened but Yu Jitae continued his explanation indifferently.
“After the woman died, every remaining soldier had their two eyes and tongue cut off and the man had lost two legs and an eye. On the way back, there were many legs but there was only one eye that could see the front. They were all severely injured and couldn’t fight even after being healed, and turned into beings that would hinder the movements of the remaining troops.”