She suddenly ran up to him and hugged him. Although the Regressor was taken aback for an instant, he gave a light embrace back.
And behind her, Yeorum with the same moody complexion as before entered the living room.
The same watch Kaeul had on was also hanging on Yeorum’s wrist but that wasn’t the end. On her waist, there was a sword he was seeing for the first time – it was an artifact. He immediately understood what $40000 had been used on, because most Level 1 artifacts had the same cost as a car.
Around the time Kaeul separated herself, Yeorum slowly walked up to him. Then, while dodging his eyes, she suddenly held the sword up and held it up for display.
“This, I bought it outside. I lost my sword so…”
That was because Yu Jitae threw it away somewhere in the desert.
“That was your money right?”
“Yeah. Do you like it?”
“Well, just… I used it once.”
Yeorum halted her words. Then, it seemed like she wanted to say something, but soon formed a frown.
“……it wasn’t much.”
Leaving such words behind, she entered the room, while holding the sword artifact with a tight grip.
Chapter 9: In a Certain Daily Life (1)
As darkness coloured the night sky and stars shined within, a man lying on the sofa opened his eyes.
The starry night sky visible through the window was beautiful. Since that’s what everyone else says, that must be the case.
However, he could not sympathise with that thought as for him, the stars hanging in the night sky did not make him feel anything.
Every night, the man tried to sleep but that was merely a matter of formality. In order to recover the lost daily lives, and to understand the emotions of ordinary people, he would close his eyes at night and induce his physical movements to a state similar to sleeping.
But, he did not fall asleep. To be exact, he could not fall asleep.
Spending time like a person with insomnia, he would occasionally feel like his body was being buried inside darkness. Like letting a drop of blood into a clear lake, the boundaries between his body and the darkness would become fainter and whenever that happened, his five senses buried in darkness likewise turned hazy.
As if he was watching someone else’s life from the side, he himself was there, but at the same time it felt like there was something else apart from himself.
It wasn’t a great feeling.
Currently, he was sensing his senses becoming fainter. Even then, things were better off in this round because it only happened during night. In the previous rounds, there was no such thing as day and night.
And such senses of his would become clear again when killing an enemy. The ‘enemy’ mentioned here referred to those falling under his perception of an enemy.
There were several regulations he followed when discerning an enemy.
If there was any possibility of them hastening the Apocalypse, or had a history of doing so, or was a demon… plus individuals, groups, concepts and phenomena that could not be left alive.
Whenever he killed those enemies, and felt the Apocalypse visibly furthering away; only then would Yu Jitae feel his scattered sensations gathering and becoming clearer. Because he found his hazy sensations unpleasant, a not-so-small pleasure followed him when killing an enemy.
It was dangerous, to feel joy from killing humans. As he had felt throughout his life while seeing all sorts of entertainments, the joys coming from these sorts of entertainment were short-lived, and became smaller as its frequency increased, and would result in a self-destructive form when addicted. Thus, ever since a certain round, Yu Jitae restrained himself from unnecessary violence and murder.
Even then, there had yet to be a round as peaceful as this one.
Therefore, the Regressor was slightly anxious.
He thought he needed to immediately run out through that door and massacre those that had to be killed. His history of failure continuing on for hundreds and dozens of years became a stamp, sealed in a corner of his brain and made him uneasy.
“…”
While lying down, Yu Jitae turned his head and stared at the wall of the living room. On the other side of the wall, three dragons would be sleeping on his bed.
A peaceful house, dragons as individual selves, and himself as a guardian.
Suddenly, he had a thought that this place wasn’t suited for himself, like a flower garden of natural colours having a hideous rock within. The mere fact that he was imitating a person’s sleep despite his inability to was a proof.
However, the things he had to do wouldn’t change just because he felt that, and that was just another addition to the sense of distance he had to persevere.
Once again, he closed his eyes.
In that moment, a small voice was heard whispering away. He didn’t have an interest in voyeurism or eavesdropping. The fact that he could still hear something, must be because one of the dragons directly increased their own presence.
It most likely was Bom.
– That, is a macaron… un…? It’s not a macaron…?
Then, Kaeul talking in her sleep was heard.
– Then…? A, a fatcaron…? Twice as fat…?
His sixth sense caught Bom’s hand caressing Kaeul’s hair in her sleep.
– Yeorum, are you going to sleep while hugging that?
The next voice he heard belonged to Bom.
– Yeah, I think I’ll have a deep sleep.
– You must’ve liked it. But swords aren’t meant to be hugged while sleeping.
– I’m going to masturbate with this as well though.
Then, the last voice he heard was Yeorum’s, which was brighter than before.
– But still, it’s good that you like it a lot, Yeorum.
– …Hey.
– Nn?
– Are you really going to call me that? ‘Yeorum’?
– Nn. Why? Do you not like the name?
– Well, it’s alright but.
Bom made a faint smile.
– Yeorum, you need to call me unni as well.
– Me? Why?
– This is Korea, and I am actually older than you.
– …You, are you really thinking of living here?
– Nn.
– Why?
– Hmm… At the start I was going to live here because I wouldn’t be able to run away in the first place, but now, it’s quite fun staying here. What about you? If you wanted to leave during the day, you could’ve. Why didn’t you go?
– Well, I also thought it would be difficult to escape and until I grow up strong enough to smack that bastard’s skull, I’ll stay here.
That bastard – it probably meant Javier Carma.
– Are you going to become ahjussi’s disciple?
– No. I’m not interested in that.
– Then?
– Just, just…
Yeorum hesitated, unable to find an answer.
– I don’t know either.
– Hmm…
– Whatever, let’s just sleep.
– Yeah. Good night.
Their conversation came to a stop.
Soon, Yeorum’s calmer voice reached his ears.
– You too, unni.
***
Opening the window, he could hear the chirping sounds of birds. On the next day, Bom was busy from the morning and inside the curved kitchen, sounds of a knife chopping things were heard.
Yu Jitae looked for his copy, but it had already left for his job.
“Everyone, come have your food. When you’re feeling down, you need to eat something delicious.”
What Bom had made was similar to a thick soup.
…To be honest, he had no idea what it was.
In doubt, Yu Jitae tried putting his spoon in and mixed it. Fortunately, the metal spoon turning yellow or melting down did not happen.
“Wow, did unni make this? It’s been so long!”
Kaeul ran up with excitement and Yeorum, having an expression a lot better than before, sat on her chair.
“Thanks for the food.”
The long-awaited meal time. Kaeul raised a spoonful of the soup-like stuff and turned stiff.
Then, it suddenly made a bright smile.
“Kuu, as expected…”
…?
“Bom-unni’s food has its own unique charm. Humans’ foods are all super delicious as well, but they don’t have this thing, right, unni?”
It was a question for Yeorum, who also obediently gave a nod.
“Not bad.”
She then started binging through it.
Yu Jitae stared at the two of them for a while, before trying a spoonful himself, thinking that maybe the previous dishes had just been failures.
However, the moment it entered his mouth, it felt like his tongue was being stiffened. It was still extremely salty and bitter… in any case, it was all over the place.
With that, there was another new fact the Regressor got to know about dragons. The dragons’ tongue was, although very similar to humans, was fundamentally broken somewhere.
Despite that, they all ate well.
In that place where quiet noises of cutleries were the only sources of sound, Yu Jitae thought about the life hereafter. In this round, the first step he had in mind was to gather all of them to one place without relying on force, and that had succeeded.
Thus, it was about time to go for the next plan.
In every round, the deaths of the dragons were the causes of the Apocalypse. Although it was mostly due to outside forces, they had also ended their own lives a few times. An example was the previous round, when Yu Jitae had completely locked them up.
Thinking back, it must’ve been because they weren’t happy, and because they judged it would be better to just die compared to keeping those unhappy memories for a few thousand years – that must have been the reason. So to stop the Apocalypse, they had to be happy.
He had a deep contemplation without a word. Bringing them here was good but what if he locked them up here and stopped them from doing what they wanted? That probably wouldn’t be much different from the days they had been confined within the underground labyrinth.
They had to do what they wanted to and he had to lead them until they could feel happiness from that process. For their eternal memories that would never be forgotten.
Therefore, he decided to have them start school at ‘Lair’, the academy city where lots of superhuman teenagers got involved with each other. There, it would be easy to regulate them for five years, which was the minimum number of years for enrolment and would also help with their self-realisation.
So he looked it up, and fortunately, it was currently the application period for admission applications.
After the meal, Yu Jitae said to them.
“You guys, let’s go make ID cards.”
*
“Uwah, the air is so good!”
Kaeul shouted.
The place Yu Jitae took them to was none other than Jeongseon region of Gangwon-do. Not far from the Portal Bureau, there was a shabby residential area.
There were shops here that accepted requests from politicians, businessmen, foreigners and even hunters to launder their identities, or fabricate certificates. In easier words, it was the largest identity laundering area in Korea.
Walking through the gap between the small fences, he walked towards the basement of a villa that contained not a single signpost, but it was unexpectedly bustling inside. All sorts of superhumans were there and like waiting for tellers at a bank, they had tickets in their hands and waited while doing their own things.
As soon as Yu Jitae and the three dragons entered the place, a ripple was formed.
“Uh…?”
“Haah…”
Without an exception, the people all threw glances. Murmurs of admiration were heard, and whispering chatters could also be heard. Those were gazes Yu Jitae had felt a lot while staying with Bom.
Sometimes, there were undisguised glances mixed within, but he did not care too much.
Every dragon had an authority called [Transcendence (S)]. Against existences that did not reach a certain level, it constantly spread an aura that made them difficult to approach.
So even though they would stare at them for a while, they would soon feel strangely burdened and turn their eyes away. That was the reason these young girls without any knowledge on worldly affairs did not fall into trouble despite carrying around such beautiful faces.
[152]
On the screen flashed their waiting number.
Yeorum and Kaeul took their photos as Bom already had an identity. Around the time he submitted the documents in, Bom asked him a question.
“Can we go outside and play a bit? There were a lot of interesting things outside.”
In any case, it would take some time until the cards were issued out. Yu Jitae nodded in response, but Kaeul hesitated.
“Unni, can I just stay here.”
“Nn? Why?”
“Feels like I came to a suspicious place, and I feel like I became a bad person too!”
The baby chicken made the face of a ‘bad person’, but it wasn’t bad at all.
“Okay. Stay with ahjussi. Then, can we play around first before going home straight away?”
“Alright.”
It was when they were left behind on the application booth, with Kaeul sightseeing humans and Yu Jitae waiting for the ID cards.
A few gazes started irritating his senses. Compared to the faintly explicit gazes from before, they contained a lot dirtier desires.
He turned towards Kaeul.
She was wearing the tennis skirts she bought yesterday while shopping. Underneath the pink checkered skirt, two legs were spread out far and wide. But, from some time ago, two middle-aged men with large builds were persistently staring at Kaeul’s legs.
The fact that they could stare at a dragon with such eyes, meant that they were superhumans at a decent level.
“Un? Why?”
Perhaps feeling a change in Yu Jitae’s atmosphere, Kaeul blinked her eyes. Yu Jitae shook his head.
“It’s nothing important.”
Despite having said that, the Regressor’s gaze faced the middle-aged men and their eyes met. After looking into each other for a while, the two avoided eye contact and whispered at each other.
Is he her boyfriend? Is he loaded with money with something? He must be eating her everyday?
Such vulgar words were being shared. They perhaps thought they were whispering only to each other, but Yu Jitae had sharp ears.
Kaeul, perhaps out of thirst, walked up to a water purifier and started filling her cup with water. That was when one of the two approached Kaeul.
“Hey missy.”
“Yes?”
“What’s your name?”
“I’m Kaeul! Yu Kaeul!”
“Ah, Kaeul. That’s a pretty name. Where did you come from?”
“My house!”
“Where’s your house?”
“Mmm… Seoul, Nonhyeon-dong xx-…”
When Kaeul started going through the address, the middle-aged men gave out empty laughters, as if they found it absurd before asking back.
“Then what about that person there? Is he your boyfriend?”
“No? It’s our ahjussi!”
“Ahjussi? O what, so it’s not a boyfriend, uncle or anything like that?”
“Yes.”
Hearing that reply, smiles appeared on their lips and one of them asked with a subtle voice.
“Then do we ahjussis have a chance as well?”
“Sorry?”
“Do you want to play with these ahjussis today? We have a lot of money. We’ll make you happier than a bastard like that.”
Around that point, Yu Jitae raised his body up. Throughout the repetition of his lives, there were surprisingly large numbers of people like that, and their next actions were obvious as well. There was no need to wait and see any longer.
“Kaeul.”
“Yes ahjussi!”
“You know our house’s spatial coordinates. Go back first.”
“Yes? But…”
She, who seemed sad because of wanting to stay there a bit more, saw Yu Jitae’s expression and cautiously gave a nod.
*
Behind the streets of a quiet residential area, around the time the sky turned into a night sky and dusk settled down, the street lights were flickering and flashing.
Everytime the light flashed, a man’s body wetted with blood appeared from within the darkness before disappearing again. The head was crushed, and the dead body was ruined beyond recognition. Its neck that had just been opened had a flush of blood pouring out.
Yu Jitae, who found the light unpleasant, moved his killing intent and smashed the street lights. And soon, within the alleyway that had been completely devoured by darkness, the man stared at one of them that was still alive.
“Hu, huuk… p, p, pleas…”
He had wetted himself out of fear and was letting out tears and snots. After clearly witnessing his friend’s death, he got on his knees and rubbed his hands like a fly.
“S, s, sorr…”
There weren’t any words Yu Jitae wanted to hear from him.
However, while he was venting his anger, there was a doubt that hit his mind.
Why was this guy wearing something like a human mask over his face?
Yu Jitae grabbed his face with one hand, and with a tough grip that could crush refined steel, he squashed the man’s face and lifted it up.
“Kuhuk, kuha…!”
As the man was oppressed by the killing intent and suffocated, gasping for breath, Yu Jitae stared at his bare face that had been revealed.
It was a familiar face. It had been within the memories that had been brought by his copy.
He rummaged through the man’s pocket and took out a wallet before checking the ID card.
[Jo Hosik]
Ah – and only then did he remember.
This guy, he was that human trafficker that the Lair’s local police force were searching for, day and night.
Chapter 10: In a Certain Daily Life (2)
It’s him, right?
‘Exactly, my lord. It matches the information within the files checked back in the office.’
The copy was certain of it.
Yu Jitae searched his memories. Deadline for the investigation was just around the corner and as the information about the human trafficking group was revealed, all traces of Jo Hosik had vanished from Lair.
He had literally disappeared into thin air.
Since the case was bigger than expected, pressure given from the Haytling city and Lair was reduced but the atmosphere was replaced by hopelessness due to the case becoming more difficult to resolve.
‘I had actually been planning to go out and catch him myself sooner or later, but things do happen in interesting ways.’
It truly was a strange coincidence.
But thinking back, it did make sense. A human trafficking group targetting superhumans and the largest identity laundering place within Korea – the fact that Jo Hosik was in between those two parties, might even be considered natural.
In any case, it was a good thing.
Heaving out a deep breath, the Regressor crouched down in front of the man and looked directly into his eyes.
“P, please don’t kill me… p, please…”
“Do you want to live?”
He, who had been heavily trembling, widened his eyes when words escaped Yu Jitae’s lips for the first time and smacked his head down onto the ground. Perhaps he saw something similar to hope.
“Please, please let me live… I, I have a family waiting for me at home…”
“Family?”
“Ye, yes… I got married three months ago. My single mother is old, and I have a, a wife, and there’s a child inside her stomach…”
“And?”
“They only have me with them… if I’m not there, they’ll all have trouble living… p, please just let me live…”
He cried while shaking like a leaf.
Yu Jitae wasn’t interested in whether those words were true or not, and he also did not ask him a question along the lines of “If you have a family, how could you do something like human trafficking?”. Such words were meaningless.
He only waited with his mouth closed.
It was because right before he was about to crush the head of the other person, Yu Jitae had seen Jo Hosik place his hand on the watch. He must’ve sent an SOS or the likes, and currently, something must be approaching this way.
“Please, please…”
…And this guy was trying to buy time while acting his heart out.
That was a good thing.
Sure enough, soon, signs of life neared in from the other side of the dark alleyway. Just like how Jo Hosik was at a decent level in human standards, they were the same and their footsteps did not create noises while them unsheathing their swords did not break the silence.
“…”
Clack.
Without saying a word, they took out their respective cold weapons.
Compared to what he had gone through up until now, this was comparatively an insignificant thing. There were no injured dragons and it wasn’t important enough to have an impact on the Apocalypse.
He could have resolved it with words. If he wanted to, he also could have handed the situation away to others without saying a word. Such choices existed.
Even then, he deliberately induced a situation like this and remained standing.
The Regressor made a hazy smile.
A person’s mind was hard to please. While wandering around endless hell, dripping with blood, he had desired to escape it as quickly as possible but now that he was strolling around a flower garden, there was a sense of emptiness within.
Now, he even wanted to crush and kill a bug that approached the flower.
[Shapeless Sword (SS)]
Killing intent formed a shape on the Regressor’s hand.
Pat–
At almost the same time, they moved. Each cold weapon had their own rhythm depending on their lengths. Those perfectly attacked from the left, right, front, and back – all sides of Yu Jitae. Blades contained acute forms of mana and their jointed attack could instantly kill anyone with decent skills.
However, the next second, they all came to a stop.
The man moved his arm. It seemed to turn hazy for an instant but swords and spears were cut, and the heads of those nearing him fell.
That, was just one slash.
“…!”
There were those being baffled into a stop but those that were slower in terms of recognising the situation raised their swords yet again and ran in toward Yu Jitae. Once again, their heads were slashed and soared into the sky. Like an everyday event, Yu Jitae walked and killed anyone that approached him.
The Regressor’s killing intent was sharp – sharp enough to rip dragons’ leathers apart and crush the head of an archduke of the demon world. Since there is no shape or form, there is no limit. Because there is no limit in distance, it cannot be dodged.
They, who did not know that fact, quickly turned away and started running, but Yu Jitae wasn’t planning to let anyone escape.
“Kuk…!”
A person who had been gesturing like the leader collapsed on the ground mid-escape. Soon, his body divided into two and was torn apart.
Yu Jitae turned his gaze away. Between buildings, above certain villas, or between the trees in nearby parks, there were people running away. When he swung the sword like a whip, the killing intent extended off and chased after their backs.
If desired, the killing intent could reach over thousands of metres. The flying shapeless sword quickly neared their backs and pierced through their back bones, straight into their hearts.
An annihilation.
Standing in that place, devoid of all signs of life, Yu Jitae felt his senses becoming clearer, although faint. He closed his eyes and raised his head up. The light, shallow sense of pleasure revolved around his body a few times and numbed the tips of his fingers and toes.
Thanks to that, the suffocating feeling he had been feeling, seemed to have disappeared a little. Although enjoyable, it was a sensation he mustn’t become addicted to.
Heaving out a deep breath to chase the pleasure out, he clicked his fingers once.
[Eradication (S)]
It was a skill he earned after killing a black dragon he did not know the name of. Being one of the mightiest skills out of the powerful S-class skills that belonged under the destruction attribute, it could even go against the laws of physics to completely combust its target.
Enveloped in black flames, the corpses started firing up without leaving anything behind.
After taking care of the situation, Yu Jitae returned to where he had been and stared at Jo Hosik. As if he had gone insane, his eyes were hollow and pants were wetted. He frowned due to the odour before withdrawing into the inner alternate dimension.
Inside the [Shallows of the Abyss (S)], Yu Jitae ordered the hands to bring him a liquid potion. From the darkness, a small glass bottle was soon handed over.
When he returned back to reality, it had only been moments after he had entered. He grabbed the face of the trembling Jo Hosik and put force into the hand grabbing onto his chin.
“Uguk, ugu…”
His mouth was opened.
Yu Jitae placed the lid next to the teeth and removed it, before pouring the liquid into the mouth and making him swallow it. It was a potion that removed a day’s memory of the things that had happened recently. After a good sleep, the guy would have forgotten everything that had happened today.
‘How should I handle the after-measures?’
Do as you like.
***
That was how the day went.
The dragons, that did not know of what happened, greeted him as usual and he likewise spent another everyday life inside the house.
Due to the weather that got gradually colder, Yu Jitae bought winter clothes for the children. Kaeul, who was interested in clothes, liked it a lot, despite the fact that she had already bought dozens of clothes in the previous shopping round while saying those were the trending clothes.
That incident which happened in a certain daily life, quietly flowed away.
The admission into Lair was sailing smoothly. In order to submit an application for admission, lots of licences and certificates were needed but since they couldn’t go through all that, Yu Jitae used an expedient.
Next day, Bom, Yeorum and Kaeul’s identities fell under a famous overseas academy, ‘Pantheon School’. It was in fact a ghost academy that didn’t exist, but there wouldn’t be any problems, because the daughter of the prime minister of Syria, as well as the youngest grandchild in the ‘Tryton’ house of China’s large artifact company, and other tycoons were from the same academy.
While everything was advancing without a problem, there was one incident that happened.
“An award ceremony?”
“Yes, that is the case, my lord.”
It was that the police force would be conferring a certificate for the most excellent officer of the quarter.
“Is it because of Jo Hosik?”
“No. Jo Hosik was sent over to the team leader under an anonymous name. The team leader had it be the team’s credit, but since the guy was a rather bigshot, the chief would be personally praising the outstanding team and an outstanding member.”
And it meant that Yu Jitae had been recommended as the greatest contributor.
“It was a unanimous decision.”
Although he knew the copy was a good worker, he didn’t think it was up to that level. Yu Jitae was dumbfounded.
“However, as you are aware, my lord, my schedule is a bit packed today.”
Right, there were lots of things the copy had to take care of related to admission. Those were small yet tedious things.
“If you so order, I will make another copy.”
Yu Jitae shook his head. [Shadow of an Archduke (SS)] demanded a huge price to create a new copy and there was no need to waste things on it.
So for that day, he wore the uniform himself.
He left the officetel on his way to work when Bom came out to the veranda and stared at him. When their eyes met, she waved her hand.
“See you later, ahjussi–”
Yu Jitae slowly returned a wave, albeit awkward.
When he arrived at work, familiar faces greeted him – his colleagues at the police force whom he had seen through the memories of his copy. They were talking about the award ceremony that would be held on that day and when Yu Jitae entered the police station, they all stood up from their seats and congratulated him.
“Wah! Jitae-sunbae. Congratulations!”
“If it was from our team, I knew it had to be Jitae.”
“Me too!”
He awkwardly lowered his head, and let a word he wasn’t used to saying, “Thanks”, flow out of his mouth. When he did, one of the teammates grinned and shouted.
“Guys. Jitae-ssi will be shouting meat this weekend!”
“Ohh really?”
“Oi you… I heard it too! And it’s not just any meat, but Korean ribeye beef?”
“Aht… aha, I heard it as well!”
When did I say that?
The colleagues all grinned and laughed. They must have all suffered together and he was the only one receiving the spotlight and yet he did not see anyone facing him with jealousy.
After the work ended, right before the time to be dismissed, the award ceremony began. It wasn’t a large event and was just held at the parking lot at the entrance of the police station with only the award being given out.
The chief opened his mouth.
“Ace policeman of the third quarter of the year, Yu Jitae. Please walk up to the stage.”
With a salute, he received the award. Although he didn’t feel anything from the award itself, there was something he felt while looking at his teammates facing bright smiles at him. Congratulating the success of others and becoming happy together. He etched that scenery into his brain.
It was when the ceremony ended and Yu Jitae was about to go home. At the entrance, a group of police officers had gathered and were chattering. Seeing that they were people unrelated to himself, Yu Jitae walked to the side and was about to walk past them when a voice saying “Huh?” was heard.
A woman left the crowd and stopped his steps.
“Hello, dear Jitae?”
Yu Jitae tried remembering that face. It was someone that existed in his memories.
Lee Bosuk. She was the daughter of the chief, and was the same woman that made an advance on Yu Jitae recently. It was unclear where her uniform went, but she was wearing a one-piece with flowery patterns.
“Are you heading home already on a good day like this?”
“…Yes.”
“Aigo. Dear Jitae doesn’t know how to play!”
“Wahaha!” A laughter left the crowd of people next to them, that were all in the same team as Lee Bosuk, belonging under the headquarters.
“Well, that’s why I liked you though. But! What are your teammates doing, sending you home on a good day like this?”
They suggested drinking together since it was a commemorable day but Yu Jitae had postponed it to another day.
“…I will be on my way then.”
“Ah, ahh…! Wait. Are you going to disappoint this noona?”
“…Yes?”
“How many years has it been since you came in? It’s a good day; this noona will shout you once today. Come have a drink.”
The Regressor was distressed, because he couldn’t be bothered to.
“I have something on today… please buy me next time.”
“Uhuh! That ‘next time’ over and over again! Why does someone without a girlfriend have so many appointments?!”
“…”
“You, wake up before the bus leaves. I’m not that bad right?”
Someone from the crowd shouted “Aye, that’s a bit…!” as another noisy laughter escaped the crowd. When Lee Bosuk glared at them, the laughter died down and some of the female police officers responded by saying “You’re pretty, team leader!”.
Perhaps she had confidence in her own appearance, but she blinked her eyes before pushing her face forward.
“A girlfriend, you don’t have right?”
When Yu Jitae didn’t reply, Lee Bosuk squinted her eyes.
“Or what. Do you have a girlfriend?”
“…”
“See, you don’t right?”
Seeing that he was still silent, she came up and whispered.
“…Nn? Dear junior, you need to relax a bit. Who do you think recommended the top policeman spot to the chief? You know who my father is, yeah?”
She was saying that she had said some stuff to her father.
Whatever the case, the Regressor had to hold back his urge to twist her neck. From behind, her teammates were shouting “Accept her!”, and Lee Bosuk was sending him a weird gaze from the front. He was between a rock and a hard place.
“Let’s have one date with noona… why are you shirking all the time…?”
Her furtive hands reached out towards his buttocks. Instinctively, he gripped her wrist before it could, and she walked back with a gasp and a crumpled expression.
At the same time, voices going “Haa…” and “Uh?” were heard from the surroundings.
“What did you do just now?”
Lee Bosuk who became full of confidence opened her eyes wide like a feral cat and let words out in anger.
“Hul…”
“Wah…”
Hearing the constant gasps of admiration, Lee Bosuk made a frown. The reactions of her teammates were strange and when she looked carefully, their eyes were facing somewhere distant.
Why, is there something there? What’s happening?
She, who became offended, followed the eyes of her teammates and turned her head. At the entrance of the police station stood a girl with green hair. At the same time, her own chin could be felt dropping down.
It was enough to blow away all sorts of thoughts from her head in an instant. That was how pretty the girl was.
“Uh? Ahjussi–”
Yu Jitae turned towards her. He did find it strange that he was sensing an aura from nearby, but it seemed to have been from Bom.
“Why are you here.”
“Did the award ceremony end already? I came here to surprise you.”
A conversation between a mysterious girl and the male started naturally and when it did, the police officers all turned silent.
What was their relationship?
Lee Bosuk’s eyes twitched.
“It did.”
“Then let’s go quick. I’ll cook you a special dish as a commemoration today.”
Cook? The expressions of the surrounding people turned even stranger. They had been curious of their relationship the moment she appeared and those words added oil to the fire.
But it was then.
“Ohh, it’s here? Ahjussi!”
A clearer and brighter voice was heard. From the side of the green-haired girl, a blonde girl popped out. Unlike how Bom waited at the entrance of the parking lot, she smiled before immediately running into the police station.
“What are you doing ahjussi and why aren’t you coming out? We were waiting for ages!”
“Yeah… let’s go.”
“Nn?”
Around that time, Lee Bosuk’s face was almost rotting away. Right now, she was wearing a recently trending one-piece. Since it could be undone from the back in one go, she thought it would be enjoyable at night.
And yet the blonde-haired girl that walked in was wearing the same one-piece as her.
“Uwah. Ajumoni, your clothes are the same as mine!”
“…”
Those were the same clothes, but the atmosphere they gave off were completely different. Rolling her eyes to the sides, she took her time staring back and forth between the man and the girls. Her pride had been hurt by the word ‘ajumoni’ but that didn’t last long. Only then did she understand a little bit about why Yu Jitae hadn’t shown her any interest up until now.
“This is team leader Lee Bosuk. Say hello.”
“Yes? Ah, ah…! Hello!”
Hearing Yu Jitae’s words, Kaeul made a polite bow. From the teammates looking on from the side, there were a few that made dumb faces as if their hearts had been bombarded, regardless of gender and age.
“Ajumoni, is your name Bosuk?”
“Uh, uh…”
Kaeul who had been blankly staring at Lee Bosuk’s face tilted her head, before giving an innocent smile.
“It’s such a pretty name!”
Her smile seemed to be that of a goddess.
Chapter 11: Against Common Sense (1)
“You know what, by the way? I don’t think the name ‘Bosuk’ suits that ajumoni.” On the way back home, Kaeul who seemed to have been in deep thought suddenly said that.
Bom asked back.
“Then what name would suit her in your opinion?”
“Hmm…”
After some more thinking, Kaeul giggled while saying, “Potato?”
Bom placed her hand on Kaeul’s head. Although she probably didn’t mean anything bad, it was ultimately a bad thing to say.
“Kaeul. You shouldn’t say something like that to a person.”
“Ah, okay. Unni.”
She once again contemplated before throwing another word out.
“Then, sweet potato?”
*
There were only two of them there, so Yu Jitae asked in doubt.
“What about Yeorum?”
“I asked if she wanted to go together, but she said she had to train her body and didn’t want to.”
He was convinced of the answer. Yeorum had a personal goal, and that was to win against Javier Carma, who had made her taste defeat. Since she also got herself a new sword, she must be diligently going through a personal training session.
Currently, he and Yeorum were still rather unfriendly. Even when they see each other in the morning, she would feign ignorance and when her eyes met his while smoking, she would stare only for a short while before turning her eyes away. This was the same for his copy as well.
On the other hand, he was on decent terms with Bom and Kaeul. They joked with each other and strolled outside together. He was worried the dragons might fight each other but they were more amicable than expected, perhaps thanks to Bom being here.
How long would it take for her to beat Javier? If he were to guess, it would take a few years. A few years, despite being a dragon? It was because Javier was also a genius recording his name in the annals of history. His starting point was different from others and yet he was an existence that was still advancing forward even at this minute.
Thus, it would be difficult for her to beat Javier while staying in Lair but there were plenty of time, and he just had to watch over her.
“Did you eat?”
Yu Jitae thought about something else. Today, he was planning to have them eat something slightly special – a common yet special thing.
“Not yet.”
“Me neither!”
That was good.
When he was still in the second round of regressions, there had been a large war which he had taken part in. Back then, Yu Jitae was weak and could barely reach three digits in the world rankings so he had to be a part of an organisation.
Surprisingly, that was where he had first met the Gold Dragon, who had come for a consolatory concert as a celebrity. It was that same Gold Dragon, who had now become Kaeul.
Kaeul had been active as a world-famous soloist. She wasn’t as bright as now, and wearing an expression that was apparently worn out and exhausted, she sang and danced with an almost obligatory smile.
Between performances, there was a talking session during the breaks and there was a question that the superhuman soldiers had asked back then. It was the question, “Do you by any chance have any food you like?”
The host of the concert asked after respecting the opinions of the crowd and the response given by the Gold Dragon was…
Ding ding–
“Welcome to Lair Chicken. Which of the menus would you like?”
*
Gulp.
He could hear a drop of saliva going through Kaeul’s thin throat. On the way back, she had been constantly pestering Yu Jitae, saying “Can I eat just one? Please? Just oneee…!”. Because the smell was too good, she couldn’t hold herself back.
“No.”
“Hauuh… ahjussi…, this is torture.”
“What?”
“Telling us to endure it when there’s a delicious smell coming from the side. It’s a torture, for sure. Ahjussi’s a bad person!”
A bad person?
Since it was true, he didn’t receive a single damage. When Yu Jitae didn’t return a reply, Kaeul changed her attitude and started whining.
“Huing. Ahjussi, my mother said there’s time and place for everything!”
“…”
“I think now is the time. What if I actually eat it later on and it happens to be not delicious? I might have lots of expectations because of the smell, before being disappointed!”
“Just don’t eat it then.”
“Huuingg…!”
Seeing that Yu Jitae was unrelenting no matter how she whined, she formed a pout and became silent.
“Kaeul, did you give up now?”
“Hmph. It’s going to taste like a poisonous mushroom if I eat it.”
“A poisonous mushroom?”
According to her, she had apparently found an extremely pretty mushroom with a good smell while living in the Amazon. So she pulled it out and ate it immediately, but had suffered for a long time due to the disgusting taste it had.
So, this would be the same and it won’t be delicious when actually eaten – telling herself that, she was trying to hold herself together. Perhaps finding that change in attitude cute, Bom quietly smiled.
When they arrived home, they found Yeorum whom Yu Jitae then also called. He then placed the four chickens on the dining table and when they came one by one and took their seats, the table that was too large for a single person usage was fully occupied.
“…”
The crunchy batter on the outside of the chicken shined in lustre due to it having been fried recently and a savory yet salty smell rose up. Surprised, Kaeul carefully placed her nose closer in and smelled it, as her golden eyes then sparkled.
“Uh? I saw this on the streets before.”
Yeorum who showed up the latest abruptly raised a drumstick to her lips as Kaeul’s expression immediately crumpled.
“Ah, unni! I was going to eat first!”
“Nn. Your fault for being late.”
“I was waiting for ages.”
“Then wait a bit more while you’re at it.”
There wasn’t even an opportunity for Kaeul to say anything. With a crunch, the chicken crumbled inside Yeorum’s mouth alongside crisp biting sounds.
The baby chicken that had missed out on being the first to eat instantly made a pout.
“What are you doing? Eat.”
Although it wasn’t like she had been waiting for permission, the instant Yu Jitae gave the word, she subconsciously reached out and grabbed onto a drumstick. Then, she carefully brought it to her lips.
With her mouth wide open, she took a bite out of it, after which her expression immediately turned blank.
Yu Jitae was curious about her reaction. How would it be; the taste of the first chicken that would remain in her memories forever?
She chewed on the chicken, before taking another bite, and yet another mouthful. Then, drops of tears appeared on her eyes.
Bom asked with astonishment.
“Kaeul, are you alright?”
“Un, un. I’m, fine.”
With a relaxed voice, the baby chicken was tearing up as she ate the chicken.
“…It’s delicious.”
Was it delicious enough to cry? Yu Jitae could not understand the child’s feelings, but it was for sure a good thing. As long as history continued, this child would reminisce in this moment countless times and be happy about it until a distant future.
That was when Yeorum frowned while staring at Kaeul.
“The f*ck… just freaking eat it.”
“What! Do you not find this taste touching?”
“What is this yellow pig even talking about.”
Kaeul seemed to be complaining while saying, “What? Me, a pig?”. But since her mouth was filled with chicken until her cheeks protruded out like balloons, that was merely a speculation.
While they were doing that, Bom quietly appreciated her own share of the chicken.
After the meal, Yu Jitae was out on the veranda when the door opened and revealed a redhead. Yeorum found him and halted, as they remained there without saying a word.
“Why.”
Yu Jitae started a conversation first, as Yeorum pointed to the other side.
“Cigarettes, they’re there.”
When Yu Jitae turned around, Yeorum walked onto the veranda. She then bit on a cigarette and used the tip of her fingers to create an ember and lit it on fire. Her hands were agile and practised.
“Are you getting used to life here?”
“Yeah. Somehow.”
“You don’t need anything?”
“Who knows?”
After exhaling smoke a few times, Yeorum slowly opened her mouth.
“That… why are we going to that place called Lair?”
“To make you guys do what you want.”
“What I want to do is fight. Are there lots of strong people there?”
He simply nodded in response. A dense cloud of smoke dissipated into the air and when Yeorum bounced the cigarette butt away with her fingers, it caught on fire and vanished.
Even after that happened, Yeorum did not leave for quite some time, and only after a long time did she open her mouth.
“You. Let’s have a proper fight together.”
“…”
“I know you’re strong, but I’m curious how strong.”
He shook his head.
“Why?”
It was because there was no reason for him to play around with a child. When he didn’t reply, Yeorum made a frown thinking she had been ignored.
“Do you know you’re really boring?”
“I’m a bit like that.”
“Hah, shit…”
She violently smacked the veranda door open and left.
***
Time passed.
Yu Jitae and the dragons were busy with their preparations for admission.
A few days after the documents were submitted, there was a call from them regarding the interview dates. Until the interview, Bom who at least had more knowledge than others in the ways of the world took Yeorum and Kaeul along in preparation.
Meanwhile, Yu Jitae created another identity.
There was a thing called ‘guardians’, and it was a position that only existed in Lair.
After the Great War had been wrapped up, infrastructures revolving around nurturing future hunters had an explosive uprise worldwide.
Recently Lair was filled with children from all sorts of rich families, famous and bloodline families and geniuses from nurturing schools. Despite being children, they formed connections and created a world of their own.
The issue was that even those with power and background were still kids. Because of their young ages, there were lots of problems that occurred due to them not being able to correctly use their given powers.
Due to that, ever since a few years ago, each family and organisation were allowed one person for each student, called ‘guardians’ or ‘trainers’ that could stay together and regulate them.
And now, Yu Jitae was planning to become a guardian himself.
Once again, two weeks went by. Time flew like an arrow and the long-awaited day of interview welcomed them. Along with the dragons, Yu Jitae entered Lair through the Portal Bureau.
A wide land, and although not tall, buildings had accumulated modern technology embedded within. Above the sky, there was a mana shield in a dome shape that covered the entirety of this large floating island, Haytling.
There were students letting out dense smells of mana in the surroundings carrying their busy steps. They were talents that would soon become top-level hunters of their respective nations.
The interview was over in an instant.
“Uh, uh… w, w, waait a minute!”
Kaeul screamed with a dead face.
Due to her nervousness for the interview, her mind seemed to have been going through heaven and hell repeatedly, and had finally calmed down due to Bom’s pat. That should have been the case but now, after the interview ended, she suddenly started freaking out.
“What happened, Kaeul?”
“I, I thought of something super, super horrible.”
“What is it?”
“What if…the…ly…ails?”
“What are you saying.”
When Yeorum frowned, Kaeul, who had been staring at the ground, carefully raised her eyes up.
“You know, w, what if, I’m the only one that fails…? What if both of you unnis get accepted while I fail? Will I be the only one that can’t enter Lair?”
“Who pressed her ‘seizure’ button.”
“Why? Why why why? Yeorum-unni isn’t worried?”
“No.”
“I! I was actually a bit nervous and couldn’t speak properly. If I’m the only one that fails… mum…”
Kaeul had that pale, dead expression on her face for a few days and only calmed down after checking the three passes from the results.
“Hah! What! Interviews was it? They’re nothing much.”
Bom smiled, and Yeorum made a snort as if she found it ridiculous. It was then that Yu Jitae’s phone started ringing noisily.
“Yu Jitae speaking.”
– Hello. I’m Professor Myung Jong from the Lair Education Department.
The voice seemed to belong to a person with a lot of years under their belt.
Myung Jong? It was a name Yu Jitae knew of. He was one of the famous professors of Lair and was at the same time a superhuman ranker from Korea.
He had most likely been one of the interviewers this time.
“Yes, nice to meet you. Is something wrong?”
– It’s just that there was a little incident during the interview
Yu Jitae’s eyes headed towards Yeorum. With a gaze that seemed to be saying, ‘what, why’, Yeorum stared back with a crooked light in her eyes.
“What happened?”
– Did you perhaps not hear it from Reserve Cadet Yu Bom yet?
Bom?
When his eyes turned over once again, a pair of green eyes were staring back at him. The words that soon left Professor Myung Jong’s lips were a little bit surprising.
– Reserve Cadet Yu Bom has received full marks in the interview for cadet selection.
“…”
– The interviewers all gave high praises unanimously. Since she is the only one with full marks from this year’s interviewees, the expectations from the Education Department is great. If possible, could you, sir guardian please come over immediately to the Lair Education Department with Reserve Cadet?
Chapter 12: Against Common Sense (2)
Yu Jitae took Bom out and got on a taxi. He didn’t fly, or jump through dimensions as he was planning to chat with her on the way.
“Where are we going?”
After getting off the taxi, Bom asked while walking towards the Portal stations.
“Lair.”
“Why Lair?”
“Apparently something happened during the interview today.”
“Ah.”
Perhaps realising what he was talking about, Bom closed her lips. He was curious about what happened there but Yu Jitae decided to ask something different for the time being.
As far as Yu Jitae remembered, Red, Gold and Blue Dragons had clear paths. Every round, they moved in similar patterns and became similar people.
However, the Green Dragon was different.
The professions she had been a part of included painter, sculptor and a novelist and at a glance, it was related to creating things. However, the Green Dragon did not show any distinguishing results from these fields. While Red and Gold grew up to be one of the top celebrities in the world, Green Dragon remained locked up in the corner of her room and drew.
The green race liked creating things – he at least knew that.
But merely drawing poor paintings in her room without any results and without putting in any effort was a bit weird now that he thought about it. Back then, he wasn’t curious and had no interest. Thus, he had not asked her about why she did that and why she did those the way she did.
So, he wanted to ask her regarding that today. Yu Jitae opened his lips.
“Bom.”
“Yes.”
“What do you want to do.”
“Why?”
“Just curious. Yeorum finds fights exciting, and Kaeul is interested in grabbing the attention of others.”
Those were the characteristics of the red and the gold race.
“We like creating things. Creating, manufacturing, architecture and things like that.”
“Not that.”
“Yes?”
“What about the things you want to do?”
A personal question rather than a question about her race. Bom contemplated while saying “Hmm…” and did not give a response for a long time.
“Anything you are greedy for? Things you want to have or want to do.”
“Yes. I’m not sure.”
“What about cooking?”
“I like it. I enjoy cooking and I’m happy to have others eat it. But, I have no plans to become a cook during the Amusement.”
“Why.”
“It wasn’t that fun.”
Yu Jitae pondered for a little before casually dropping a question.
“If your race enjoys creating things, how about a novelist or a painter.”
“It won’t be bad. There were elders of our race who had been doing those.”
“Then, what about you.”
“…I don’t know.”
Soon, she let out words along with a sigh.
“In fact, the reason I continued travelling was because of that. I didn’t know what to do. If I create things like everyone else from my race, it’s fun, but it’s not to the level I love them.”
It was a troubling answer because it meant the previous rounds’ Green Dragons had also been rather unmotivated. However, there was no need to fret because it wasn’t something that could be solved immediately and required more time.
When Yu Jitae gave a nod and fell silent, it was Bom’s turn to face him with a question.
“What about you, ahjussi?”
“…What?”
“What do you want to do?”
He hadn’t been expecting such a question.
“If you kidnap and protect us, is there compensation for ahjussi? Is there happiness in that process?”
As usual, she had a strange expression on her face and asked. Bom was looking into his eyes, but her gaze was deep, as if she wanted to look deeper in.
Yu Jitae shook his head, because it wasn’t a conversation topic he preferred.
“What happened in the interview.”
“You’re changing the topic.”
“…”
She blocked Yu Jitae from the front.
“I also want to know more about ahjussi.”
He likewise stopped his feet and stared back into the green pair of eyes that still gave off a mysterious light that couldn’t be read. In any case, what should not be shared must not be.
“…”
“…”
They confronted each other in silence for a long period of time. Then, one of them murmured “stubborn” and took a step back. Carrying her steps forward again, Bom replied to the question Yu Jitae had asked.
“Nothing happened during the interview. They just asked a few things and I responded. That’s all.”
What were the questions that made the professors of the Education Department that excited?
“The questions? It was related to magic theory.”
Ah, he understood it in an instant.
Magic was relayed from another world, and in that other world, they had been crafted by the dragons. To put it in comparison, it was like the humans asking the Creator about humans.
“But there wasn’t anything that could be called an ‘incident’.”
“Why?”
“I only answered a few questions that had been asked. The interviewers didn’t have great expressions in response either.”
What was this about.
“They liked the answers for every other question but when I replied to the question about magic theories, they turned a bit serious, and in any case, the atmosphere wasn’t that great.”
“What was the question.”
Bom laid out complicated words related to magic theory. It was about ‘mana concentration’.
It was a decent question. Their backgrounds were from the ghost academy, Pantheon School, and since Bom was admissioned in as a magic theory major, simply put, it was a question about her major.
“And how did you respond?”
After some thought, Bom replied.
“Normally.”
***
Lair Education Department.
After finishing his work, Professor Myung Jong entered the magic studies staff room. There, he found four professors gathered up, sharing chatters in excitement. They were all those who had been the interviewers like Myung Jong himself.
“Ah. Professor Myung, you’re here?”
Myung Jong giggled in response.
“Aigo, you busy people have all come to see that reserve cadet from before?”
“Yes. When is that friend coming? Seriously.”
The professors were all serious or interested, while one of them did not hide their excitement.
There were 120 reserve cadets that sat the interview today and since it was the tenth day, there had been around 1200 people entering as interviewees until now. They were all specialists of magic studies.
Everyday they repeated asking the same questions, and hearing similar replies. Because they were also humans, they were about to get exhausted from the tiresome schedule.
That was when a slightly special reserve cadet entered through the door.
“Hello, my name is Yu Bom” she had said.
When people were at the level of being a professor at Lair, they were socially well off without anything to be jealous of. Besides, since superhumans underwent physical evolutions on their bones, they became prettier and more handsome over time so the professors were somewhat immune to beauty.
And yet there entered a beautiful girl that even made them surprised.
However, appearance was not important. Since back then it was still an interview session, they had asked the reserve cadet a few questions. With a relaxed voice fitting the calm appearance, the reserve cadet naturally gave answers to the questions.
Up to that point was okay.
While other reserve cadets trembled, Yu Bom carried out a natural interview with not a single sign of nervousness. In fact as they conversed, it even made them feel like she was the one in control of the conversation.
But the important bit came after that.
“Tell us the most efficient method in concentrating an attribute-less mana.”
In response to a certain professor’s question, Yu Bom naturally explained how to induce concentration of non-attribute mana – for about 15 minutes.
Perhaps due to the clear pronunciation and voice, or perhaps because of the atmosphere around her, the professors focused on her words as if they were possessed.
“…”
After the explanation ended, silence befell the interviewers.
They were shocked.
Because it was accurate?
Yes. Yu Bom’s method of inducing mana concentration laid clear aspects that allowed mana to be concentrated in one place. Without even using any metalanguage, she explained while going through every single phenomenon so there was no room for them to tackle.
That was the problem.
It was way too accurate.
Things that random reserve cadets should not know of had been explained by Yu Bom.
Straight after the interview ended, the professors gathered their heads and searched for an article that contained an inducement method similar to Yu Bom’s.
‘Vladimir Concentration Inducement Method’.
Coincidentally, it had been a limited access article that had been released by the Russian Union around two weeks ago.
Does that mean that a reserve cadet had fully comprehended the following article in merely two weeks?
A mere 19 year old?
An existence beyond common sense – the world referred to these people as geniuses.
“Haha sirs. You’re overexaggerating it too much.”
That was when a professor raised his voice.
“Ah, Professor Nakamura.”
He was a Japanese professor with a shining bald head. Although he was a magic studies professor, he hadn’t been a part of the interview.
“No matter what, it doesn’t make sense right? Vladimir Concentration Inducement can only be comprehended by a smart superhuman with more than tens of years of experience handling mana.”
To compare, it meant that a high schooler was in possession of a similar study load as postgraduate students, but the fact that she fully explained the phenomena without skipping over points while relying on metalanguage proved that she had fully understood the concept.
“Right? We were surprised as well. It would be great if such a friend was in our study group…”
The professors glanced at each other.
There was only one reason they were this excited.
In Lair, there was a system called a ‘study group’. It was a group formed with special cadets gathering into one place, in order to nurture top cadets with extra care.
And most professors belonged to a study group.
“Aha. Didn’t you recruit Carley the day before yesterday? Professor Wang is a bit greedy I see.”
“Kuhaha. Shouldn’t our study group take a first-place badge for the first time this year?
Lair was a world of endless competition.
Students with high achievements and professors of that study group received huge research funds and honour. While research funds were important, honour was slightly more important as there was a fight of pride behind the scenes between professors. They did not like losing.
Buildings couldn’t be built on top of sand. Thus they needed cadets with lots of potential.
That was why the existence called Yu Bom was a great shock to them.
“Stop trying to keep others in check. In any case, what is that cadet’s identity? Does she have a connection somewhere?”
“That…”
After the interview ended, the curious professors had checked Reserve Cadet Yu Bom’s identity.
19 years old, with two younger siblings: one 18 and one 17 year old.
From Pantheon School.
Seeing that, the professors felt disappointed. The fact that Pantheon School was a non-existent organisation was something everyone within the Lair knew.
Ever since the end of the ‘Great War’, there had been an increase in the number of superhumans working in the underworld. Secret forces of several large guilds, assassination organisations under governments and secret heirs of renowned houses – due to their rights and situation, there were a few superhumans and organisations that did not appear under broad daylight.
In order to gather those talents up, Lair did not impose restrictions regarding identity. Actually, there were restrictions but the school still encouraged them to come. In other words, young and talented superhumans could come for a school life whenever.
However, if a student with a hidden background committed a crime, only then would they start finding a fault with them hiding their identity. That meant that at the current point in time, they could not find out exactly who Yu Bom was.
“Is the lord of the Magic Tower nurturing a daughter or something?”
“I had been a part of the Magic Tower until the year before last year, but the Magic Tower Lord does not have a son nor a daughter.”
“Or maybe it’s Valentine – that old witch’s disciple?”
“Who knows… Oh right, who is the guardian by the way?”
The guardian’s name was Yu Jitae, aged 27. He too had a falsified identity.
“Or don’t tell me that cadet called Yu Bom, she lied about her age or something?”
“That won’t be the case. On the day, I checked it just in case but the mana itself was definitely a young one. At most it would be that of a twenty-year old.”
“Hmm… Anyways, I think our dear professors are being a bit excessive with the exaggerations. When the reserve cadet comes, I’ll check with my own eyes.”
It was when the professors were continuing their talk about Yu Bom.
The door was shoved open as a man with a healthy build entered the room. Although slightly hazy, he was a man that gave off a sharp impression resembling a keen edge of a blade.
“Aah, welcome, Mister Guardian. We had been waiting.”
“Nice to meet you. I’m Yu Jitae.”
And from behind his back, a girl with grass-coloured hair walked in.
“Hello.”
The professors’ eyes started being painted with excitement.
Chapter 13: Against Common Sense (3)
“Nice to meet you, Cadet Yu Bom.”
The atmosphere of the staff room was strangely serious yet heated up at the same time and neither Yu Jitae nor Bom knew the exact reason.
[Eyes of Equilibrium (SS)]
He tried distinguishing their favourability. Between ‘like’ and ‘dislike’, a common feeling they had towards himself and Bom was ‘like’… Plus, it was extremely favourable.
“About the things that happened during the interview today, can we have a little conversation?”
That was when a bald professor with a hairy beard, as if he had moved it from the top of his head to the bottom, took a step forward.
“Professor Nakamura. Must you be like this?”
“I ask for your understanding. It won’t take long.”
“Hmm.”
Other professors seemed dissatisfied.
Meanwhile, Yu Jitae sat down on a sofa in the corner and leaned his back on it. At this point, there was nothing for him to do, and he just had to observe whether the situation was flowing properly or not.
“Was there an issue with my interview?”
“No. It’s not that big of a problem. In the previous interview, there was a question regarding how to induce concentration of non-attribute mana, and I heard you, cadet, have given a great response to it.”
He squinted his eyes.
“Let me directly ask you. Have you studied or learned about an article called Vladimir Concentration Inducement Method?”
Bom blinked her eyes before turning her head to stare at Yu Jitae for a bit.
When Yu Jitae’s eyes met hers, he somehow had the impression that Bom was caught in an awkward spot. But her expression remained the same as usual, so it was just a feeling he got.
He thought that it might be because she didn’t know who that vla blah blah guy was.
In that case, it was a troubling turn of events. Although he didn’t know what she meant by saying that she had replied ‘normally’ to the questions, it seemed to have attracted their interest more than it should have. It might end up creating a hassle, perhaps because she talked about a piece of information she shouldn’t have known about.
Even then, Yu Jitae decided to watch as Bom solved things on her own.
After throwing a glance around the staff room, Bom gave an answer half a beat late.
“I didn’t study, but I did look it up once.”
The sharp gaze seemingly in doubt of something remained.
“But why are you asking that? Is it related to the interview?”
“That’s not it and it’s just due to curiosity. You can just give us a comfortable reply. Does that mean you studied an article that had been released only two weeks ago, by yourself?”
“Yes.”
In response to Bom’s answer, the professors let out guffaws as strong favourability once again surfaced in the Eyes of Equilibrium.
As if they had fallen in love as an entire group, the professors didn’t seem to know what to do.
“I see. Then is it okay for me to ask you a few more questions?”
“Sure.”
“Good. Imagine mana was activated in a line from A, the starting point and B, the point of activation…”
Soon, complicated words started flowing out of the bald professor’s mouth. Through the repeated lives, Yu Jitae had never professionally learned magic. There was a clear limit on how strong one could get through magic so he had given up on it from the get go.
Thus, he honestly did not understand what was being talked about, but he still understood two things.
“I think it would be better to consider all the coordinates around the point of mana activation. If the coordinate of the dot is fixed, it would make it difficult to induce mana…”
One was that Bom’s response flowed naturally like a river, and second was that satisfaction was surfacing on the faces of the professors listening to her reply.
Longer the questions continued, hotter and more fevered did their gazes get. Later, it was to the point they forced a stop on the bald professor’s questions.
“Ahh that’s enough. Seriously! Professor Nakamura, come back please.”
“…Hmm. But despite understanding the theory, the explanations are too focused on practicality.”
“Ah! That’s enough so just come here please.”
Pushing the bald professor away, other professors leaned forward towards Bom.
“Reserve Cadet. The reason we called Reserve Cadet Yu Bom here is none other than to offer and scout.”
It was finally time for the main topic.
Bom threw a glance at Yu Jitae, asking with her eyes ‘What does this mean?’, to which Yu Jitae replied back, signalling ‘Something good’.
“Cadet Bom also heard about study groups right? To students of Lair, it is a place to dream of, the thing called study groups.”
She nodded her small head.
Cadets entering Lair all desired to join a good study group. A study group was a cadet’s pride and also served as a connection for them.
“So, we normally don’t give offers like this. However, we really want Reserve Cadet Bom so we must put a condition to it. If you join our White Horse study group, we will give you a full scholarship for the first grade.”
It was a shocking offer.
Lair had a huge school fee. Every year, tens of thousands of dollars were spent as a minimum and to normal reserve cadets, it was definitely not a small amount.
However, no-one there was surprised.
In fact Yu Jitae and Bom were oddly calm so the professors that had been expecting a reaction had to be disappointed.
It was when Bom made an embarrassed smile saying ‘Umm…’.
“Wait Cadet Bom. Listen to me first. If you join Le Bien study group, we will support you with a full first-grade scholarship, living expenses and other educational fees for one year.”
“Haa, Professor Wang. You can’t do this to me.”
“Uhaha! Just stay back if you can’t afford the money.”
“Cadet Bom, our Wonmyung study group will give a 2-year scholarship.”
That was the beginning of a sudden auction.
“If you join our study group, we will offer a scholarship until the third year…”
“Let alone school fees, what about a right to participate in a group research…”
“Then let me add…”
There were more and more terms being added.
Money alone wasn’t that appealing to children of rich houses, and knowing that, the professors offered connections and opportunities that could not even be bought with money.
The terms were enough to make normal students majoring in magic studies roll their eyes and even bow, but Bom remained silent whilst merely giving nods. Her attitude only made the professors more frustrated.
“Reserve Cadet Bom. Are these not enough?”
“No. It is plenty.”
“Haha, then…”
“But you see, I’m not thinking of joining a study group.”
Bom poured cold water on the atmosphere. The professors that appeared to be seconds away from running in all froze stiff where they stood.
“…Yes?”
“Uh…”
“That… what’s the reason?”
One of them asked after a while.
“The thing is, I have never seriously considered magic.”
Bom’s response made them astonished. Her words were once again outside their common sense. Even considering all the reserve cadets that had applied this year, there was not a single person with a talent at her level.
And yet a genius like this had never seriously pondered about magic?
“Reserve Cadet, that, what do you…?”
A flat voice flowed out of a professor’s mouth.
“I know this is a place where people with serious interests in magic gather. I only read whatever I found and learned them, so there’s no passion. I don’t think it is a place for a person like me to enter.”
Before long, a gasp escaped Myung Jong’s lips. The professors were all made speechless.
“Sorry.”
*
The professors tried to stop Bom from leaving while saying “Letting a talent like yourself rot is a sin. A sin!” but Bom did not change her mind.
They then turned to Yu Jitae and tried persuading him but he respected Bom’s will. Although this was definitely a good opportunity, if she said no, then so be it – he had no intention of forcing her to do it.
“Did you know about it beforehand?”
On the way out of Lair, Yu Jitae asked.
“Yes?”
“Vladi, whatever.”
“I didn’t.”
Yu Jitae became a bit more curious because of the quick reply.
“Then how did you do it. You were talking pretty well.”
“I just… read their countenances a little.”
Their countenances?
“When other professors were calling the name of the person asking questions, they called him Nakamura. I looked for a nameplate inside the staffroom and found ‘Magic Theories Professor Nakamura’.”
He remembered her looking around.
“Since he was a professor of theories, I thought he would ask questions based on that, so I dodged theory as much as possible while answering.”
“Right.”
“And when he speaks, he would sometimes make a frown with his eyes like a habit. If he does that, I shouldn’t answer that question.”
“Why.”
“It seemed like a topic that shouldn’t be known by a person with an identity like mine. After skipping one question like that, the other professors seemed to be fond of it and I thought of that as a threshold.”
Judging from their responses, it ultimately seemed that all her assumptions had been on the mark.
She was quite smart.
The attention from the professors was definitely an opportunity and could have been a natural stairway that led to higher places. But nothing including material, honour, opportunity and the approval of others could move Bom’s heart.
Perhaps due to the event that had happened today, the Regressor became more curious about the future that was waiting for Bom.
However, he decided to not worry about it too much, because out of the six Apocalypses, Bom had never been the cause a single time.
But meanwhile, it made her social talent stand out.
“…Why did you take those.”
In her hands, there were numerous business cards that belonged to the magic studies professors. On the way out, she had politely asked the professors for them and despite the disappointment, they all handed her their business cards while wishing for her to contact them any time.
“It could become a good connection.”
Rejecting their offers yet taking their favourability and forming a dominant relationship with others. It wasn’t bad.
Until the end the favourability of the professors were at extreme goodwill.
They would have trouble falling asleep today due to frustration.
***
A few days later.
Student dormitories were provided to the cadets of Lair. An officetel for four people – a large house with five rooms was provided. Bom, Yeorum and Kaeul had finally left Yu Jitae’s room and obtained their own personal spaces.
After moving, Bom brought a flowerpot from somewhere and placed a blue egg on top of it. It was the egg of the Blue Dragon that had been hanging on Kaeul’s neck.
A forced dispel of polymorph from a gem meant that the Blue Dragon would be hatching some time soon.
“Hi, our baby.”
Bom would sometimes talk to the egg or would water it with a spray.
“Why water?”
“It’s like a prenatal education.”
I see.
Since there was still some time left until the entrance ceremony in Spring, they just had to relax and play around. Bom took Kaeul and went sightseeing around Lair while Yeorum showed interest in places like sparring arenas, gyms and training rooms.
Before, Yu Jitae sensed their auras whenever he had time but lately he was reducing the frequency. In his opinion, their relationship was getting stabler.
One day, Yu Jitae left the house and entered the Blue Sky Building, which was one of the buildings used for event purposes in Lair.
[Azure Dragon Study Group Practical Interview]
Seeing the placard hanging on the entrance, Yu Jitae carried his feet. There was someone that must be gotten rid of here.
At Lair, identities were differentiated according to the colours of the name badges and Yu Jitae, a guardian, had an orange name badge hanging on his neck.
After entering the third floor, he found a crowd of people that wasn’t allowed into the auditorium room where the interview was being held. Hanging on their necks were white name badges, signalling that they were reporters and the likes. Further in, there were even people holding large cameras and boom mics.
He walked through the crowd of people and the guards that were blocking the entrance obediently made way after seeing the colour of his badge.
The interview of Azure Dragon study group was well and truly on the way. Large groups of reserve cadets in bulks of hundreds were sitting on their chairs.
The moment he entered the hall, Yu Jitae recognised the one he was looking for.
Wei Yan.
He was a Chinese professor, and despite being 38 years old, his neat facial structures made it seem like he was in mid-twenties. Fitting his embarrassing titles of ‘Gentleman of Lair’ and ‘Professor on a White Horse’ that were known in the media, a gentle leisure was behind his classy image.
Wei Yan was the chief professor of a study group focused on physical prowess, ‘Azure Dragon’.
Plus, he was the main initiator that urged a worldwide hunt for dragons in the third round of regressions, and at the same time, he wasn’t a human.
He was an aspect hastening the Apocalypse, and was a person that must be killed.
“Wahh, that person is Professor Wei Yan right? How is that a face of a professor?”
“He could even become friends with an old cadet…”
“He looks really kind as well.”
“It’s not just his personality. He’s rich, strong. He’s a hero of the war and a head professor in Lair. Young and handsome… he has everything, everything.”
Voices could be heard from the surroundings.
Let alone them, there was probably no-one from those that knew Wei Yan, that truly understood what kind of person he actually was. But they will all get to know about it in a not-too-distant future.
The interview was about to begin.
“Wah, hey look at her.”
Yu Jitae, who was quietly observing the hall, turned his eyes to a place where a little commotion was being made. A few cameras were facing that place already.
It felt like he could see a familiar hair colour. Light reflected off of her fluttering hair and revealed a sullen yet annoyed expression beneath.
Yeorum.
Yu Yeorum was a part of the group of interviewees.
When he stared deeply at her face, Yeorum’s head slowly turned towards him.
Soon, their eyes met.
Then, she formed a frown with her eyes, before turning her head away as if she had no business with him.
Now why was she here – thought the Regressor with a hazy smile.
Chapter 14: ■■■ (1)
As superhumans got stronger, they earned a body better suited for survival. Their height reached an ideal level and their bodies became thicker and during this process, most people underwent a change in their appearance.
Thus, high-level superhumans were mostly handsome or pretty, and that was the same for the cadets gathered here. But even then, Yeorum stood out the most.
“Iya… that redhead is so pretty.”
“Like, wow. How is she like that? She looks insane.”
“The people near her look like squids.”
“Who? Where?”
Gasps of admiration connected like waves and Yu Jitae’s ears picked up words spoken by other guardians.
Yeorum appeared like a source of light. Because of a fierce light strong enough to darken the surroundings, she gathered eyes but gave off a feeling that deterred others from staring for a long time.
“Wake up mate. Did we come here to watch others’ faces?”
“Ah, uh. Right.”
Yu Jitae who was thinking of just seeing Wei Yan’s face after a long time had no choice but to take a seat. It was because he was curious why she had come, and after all, he was officially a guardian.
“Please begin.”
When Wei Yan waved his hand, the interviewers all moved to their seats and soon began the interview.
The interview seemed to be a prac examination followed by an oral interview and individual skill was an important element taken into account.
Contents of the interview differed depending on the branch that had been applied for. Yeorum had applied for ‘Interpersonal battle’. In front of the two octagon-shaped rings placed at the centre, around sixty cadets including Yeorum were sitting down waiting for their turns.
“Number 124 and Number 7. Enter.”
After a few spars the assistant referee called out two numbers, with one of them being Yeorum – Number 124. Yeorum who had entered the stage was given a sparring wooden sword while the mestizo boy opponent held a sparring rod.
“Ready, start.”
As soon as the gong rang, Yeorum dashed in. Her strike that approached from a blind angle made the opponent’s rod drop in the blink of an eye while simultaneously smacking the head. The opponent flew off until being stuck on the surrounding wall.
It was a strike with not a shred of mercy.
Voices going wahh- could be heard.
“Wow, that was on point.”
“But who’s that redhead? She’s super strong.”
The interview continued. Since there wasn’t a planned list of matches, the interviewer just called random numbers and at the start, it was evenly distributed but after a certain point, Yeorum’s number was visibly being called out more often.
During duels, Yeorum did not leave mercy in her hands. There was no such thing as assessing each other’s skills, nor a staring contest. Every moment the gong rang, she would run in and her opponent would fly off in one or two hits, or be pushed back helplessly even if they blocked.
“Like, who is that girl? What is that?”
“Ah. I have a profile of all the interviewees. Let’s see… Yu Yeorum. She’s from Korea, aged 18.”
“Eighteen? How’s she like that? She’s not a graduate, more like she hasn’t even been admissioned into the school yet and yet she fights like that?”
By regulations, skills and magic spells couldn’t be used. Within that octagon where pure physical abilities and fighting instinct decided victors, Yeorum was overwhelming.
This was a natural turn of events and he apathetically watched over it. But the surroundings were making more of a fuss. Before long, more cameras were placed behind Yu Jitae’s back and there were increasingly more gazes focusing on the unconventional spars of Yeorum.
After she defeated four opponents, her fifth sparring partner walked up. It was a French girl who was on her third consecutive winning strike.
“Hey. She looks a bit familiar. Who is that?”
“She’s one of the minor rookies from France. A black belt in NDT apparently but I don’t know the details.”
“She looks a bit strong. It feels like we can finally see a proper spar.”
Soon, the spar began and the opponent was definitely a league above the previous ones.
The wooden swords clashed several times midair and it was different from other duels that lasted three swings at most.
But that was it. When the opponent kneeled down with one knee after being kicked on her stomach, Yeorum’s wooden sword stabbed the solar plexus and smacked the unguarded head several times.
It was a lightning-fast turn of events.
When the referee ordered and proclaimed a stop to the spar, the opponent was on the floor, suffering from a pain in her stomach. Soon, her guardian from France ran up and observed the girl with a startled expression. There was a trail of blood falling down her smacked forehead.
“Oi, you cadet over there. Isn’t this too much?”
Yeorum was walking down the ring when a young trainer from France spoke to her with a scowl on his face.
“What?”
“It is a spar meant to be like an actual battle but did you have to go that far? You’re both women.”
“Is that my business? What do you want me to do?”
“You need to have more manners. Did your guardian not even teach you that?”
“Why do you ask me? If you’re so curious, go ask my guardian! Should I tell you his number?”
Yu Jitae, who was amplifying his listening, made a hearty laugh.
“You, you…”
“And I did it like that because it’s a spar. If it was an actual battle, that kid over there would be dead already. You know that?”
Then, she left the stage while saying “Random f*ck” to herself. The guardian of the other student quivered in anger but remained silent.
Due to her frank expression and tone, discontent voices flowed from Yu Jitae’s surroundings.
“Dude, look what she’s saying.”
“Her words are right but saying that to their faces is a bit… It’s even making me upset.”
“Why? I think it’s good that she’s honest. Her words are not wrong.”
“Bloody rude to the extreme. Does she think she’s someone important? Is her guardian not with her?”
“Yeah. It says her training guardian is absent – she must’ve come by herself. Personally, I like that way of thinking though.”
Although Yu Jitae was listening to all that, he didn’t react in any manner. For him, it didn’t really matter whether Yeorum, with her messed up personality was getting sworn at or not. If that was how she was, he didn’t intend to bother touching it.
Around that point in time, Wei Yan who was overlooking all the interviews from a distance became interested in the interpersonal battle section as well. With his personal assistant, he carried a chair and chimed in between the interpersonal battle interviewers to give some orders.
Soon, it was time for the next spar.
“Number 124 and Number 39. Enter.”
A voice going, “Oh, they’re finally fighting” could be heard. After Yeorum entered the ring, a caucasian with a buoyant, light brown hair followed suit. Yeorum was holding the same wooden sword.
Yu Yeorum, five wins and zero losses from the first ring and a female cadet from the second ring who similarly had zero losses but had seven wins. It was their fight.
“Ah, Number 39. Sophia Vorkova!”
“Awesome. Sophia also dislocated her opponent’s leg in her spar just then. It’s going to be quite the match.”
“Sophia Vorkova and the redhead. Who do you guys think will win?”
“Of course Sophia. Before being a cadet, she was already a part of RIL.”
RIL.
Even Yu Jitae remembered that name – it was the name of the Russian Hunter Special Forces Group, Airborne (SFGA). It was a group that had quite the merit during the Great War and was classified as the top hunter organisation within Russia. The place was famous for having a ridiculous training method.
For example, they would sear their bodies with fire to gain resistance to pain or would repeatedly slice their body thinly and heal.
“But she was a member for media exposure. Although her skills weren’t up to par, they just wanted to take a picture of a pretty girl to publicise and so gave her the title right?”
“Aye mate. RIL is still RIL and same with their fame. Who here doesn’t know Sophia? Just her face alone wouldn’t be enough to build a fame like that. My guess is that the redhead would lose this fight.”
“Hmm, is that so?”
Wearing only a pair of training gloves in her bare hands, Sophia entered the stage. As soon as the gong rang, the two shortened the distance and ran in as several bouts were shared in the blink of an eye. Sophia calmly readjusted the trail of Yeorum’s sword with the back of her palms and arms, before striking forward with her fists. Yeorum, who always pushed forward, was forced to stand on the spot for the first time as they shared initiatives.
“Oi, oi, look! Remember what I said?”
“You were wrong though? They are on a stalemate.”
In Yu Jitae’s eyes, it was one-sided. Yeorum’s movements were filled with leisure while Sophia was desperate. At a glance, it seemed like they were on equal footing but he could feel Yeorum playing around. It was like a fearless child teasing a small animal.
After a few more clashes, the situation flowed in a visibly different manner. With a thud, the wooden sword struck Sophia’s ribs. Sophia returned a back roundhouse kick to push Yeorum away but Yeorum did not fall back. The wooden sword stabbed Sophia’s chest as she couldn’t dodge the strikes that were getting increasingly faster.
Sophia was pushed a few steps back, but soon gripped a tight fist and ran back in towards Yeorum with a fiery light in her eyes. Afterwards, Yeorum’s sword pushed Sophia back and struck her like a sandbag and despite being forced back, Sophia endured it.
“Uh, uh? What’s happening all of a sudden? Isn’t she getting hit too much though?”
“Is she not going to give up? It looks painful.”
“Did Russia nurture a zombie or something?”
A strong swing once again smashed Sophia’s stomach and she, who could not block it properly, rolled on the ground. But she rose back up like nothing happened and once again postured herself by raising her arms up.
Yu Jitae found it odd. The strikes were overbearing and more than six ribs were already broken. Her pain should be considerable and yet there were no signs of her being in pain, let alone collapsing.
In his knowledge, there were two types of people like that. One was a type that forgot pain once over-excited, with the other being a type whose excitement was great enough to overwhelm pain. He could see insanity in Sophia’s eyes and she seemed to be the latter.
At this point, it might be better to stop the spar but Sophia did not forfeit and her guardian was likewise still. Yeorum’s jab once again smacked Sophia’s collarbone and in Yu Jitae’s eyes, something was definitely broken. Her small body rolled on the ground.
But even then, Sophia did not blink an eye.
“Spar ended.” The referee quickly stood between the two and proclaimed the end of the fight. At least that’s what everyone thought until Sophia rose back up with a tight grip. It seemed like even her guardian was persuading her to stop at this point but ignoring that, she approached the referee and argued.
“Who decided to end the spar? It hasn’t been three minutes yet.”
“The strikes were critical. Don’t you feel any broken bones?”
“I don’t. Please, go out. Don’t waste time.”
“Sophia. I think we should stop here.”
“No, I didn’t lose, I didn’t forfeit and my body’s fine so why stop? Just go out please.”
Yu Jitae observed Yeorum’s eyes. He thought she would be enjoying it, but she had the usual discontent look on her face, as if she was tired of it. While the referee and Sophia were arguing, Yeorum added a word.
“Hey unni stop there. If you continue like that, you might die.”
“…Are you talking to me?”
“It’s already broken right? A few bones here and there.”
“Bullshit. It’s just a bit stiff okay? Ah! Please! Just go out! I’m not going to forfeit.”
The referee looked at Wei Yan, who returned a leisurous smile and a gesture. Soon, the referee walked off as Sophia postured herself with her fists trembling in rage.
Bam.
It was one hit. Sophia who yet again allowed a strike to her stomach collapsed on the ground and the referee ran in to block Yeorum. “Spar ended!” This time, his shout was louder than before and blood was about to leave Sophia’s trampled wound.
Sophia attempted to lift herself back up, but was held down by her guardian’s hand.
“Let go! I haven’t lost yet!”
“Wake up. The spar has ended, Sophia!”
“I haven’t lost yet!”
But there was no way for her to escape from the guardian. It seemed like Sophia with her lowered shoulders could finally feel the pain seeping in and formed a frown.
A storm had gone past. With an annoyed expression, Yeorum left the stage and she was obviously the victor.
The moment the referee’s voice claiming the victor of the spar echoed within the interview hall, Sophia, who had been following her guardian with a sorrowful expression, unsheathed a self-protective dagger from her guardian’s waist. Then, she turned around like she had a seizure and dashed forward. She soon jumped over the caged wall and approached Yeorum.
That all happened while everyone was slow on understanding what was happening.
A long wound was formed next to Yeorum’s eyes as she had dodged the surprise attack half a second too late. Blood oozed out.
“Die, you slut!”
The attack just then had mana embedded within. It was clearly an ambush with intention to murder.
“Ah, this crazy bitch! Do you want to die!”
Likewise, Yu Yeorum also lost control of herself. Without a single sign of bafflement, with only brutal annoyance filling her face, Yeorum grabbed Sophia’s neck and threw her towards the wall. Her power was enough to demolish the cage around the octagon.
Yeorum did not stop and ran in towards Sophia who was on the ground and squashed her down, before throwing her fists nonstop.
“Oi! What are you doing! Stop her!”
“Calm down! Get, get rid of the sword first!”
It was as if the entire area had been bombarded. Referees, interviewers and guardians all ran in in groups and started tearing them apart.
Chapter 15: ■■■ (2)
Yeorum who couldn’t endure the stimulation was moving with all her heart. Her body moving was that of a dragon wholeheartedly trying to kill a human.
Even with the adults interfering, it wasn’t easy to handle the situation. Sophia’s guardian ran in and pushed Yeorum away, after which the referee chimed in by throwing his body over Sophia. Afterwards, the interviewers used their skills. A purple light formed a barrier and protected Sophia and the referee as white stems of mana grabbed Yeorum by her neck and stomach. Only after around six to seven staff members were added on top to grab her by the arm and waist were the two girls distanced.
Sophia, who was then revealed, was covered in blood from that short period of time.
“W, what! Is she crazy?”
“Sophia ran in with a sword just then right?”
“Whoa. She’s become a mess.”
Yu Jitae unsealed his vision. By nature humans could only have one focal point with their eyes, but he was currently watching the entirety of the hall clearly. He could see Sophia Vorkova wiping the blood on her face in astonishment as well as her guardian with a flushed expression and a name badge reading Mihailov on his clothes. There was also Yeorum showing her canines and Wei Yan having a small light of disapproval on his face.
“Mages! Make a dimension gap! I announce a momentary pause on the interviews, and because we must solve the situation, reporters please wait where you are!”
Standing up from his seat, Wei Yan shouted. Soon, those that can form a dimension gap from the professors affiliated with the Azure Dragon study group approached and casted a spell around the octagon where Yeorum, Sophia and others including Wei Yan were at.
[Dimension Gap]
It was a 5-circle force field spell that created a space that was alienated from the outside. When the surging mana was completed into a hexahedral shape, the ones inside the octagonal arena disappeared.
From behind Yu Jitae, sighs escaped.
“Haa… this is…”
“…Mhmm. Fighting during a spar might be common with all these guys and their high self-esteems, but running in with a sword was a bit too much.”
“I can understand Sophia more though.”
“Oi, watch your mouth. Following someone after a spar with a weapon is a crime.”
“That’s true. Going after her with a sword is obviously something wrong but the body itself is a weapon so the sword isn’t the important bit.”
“Then what is?”
“That redhead. She was provoking people left and right. Same with that French from before as well, and even that spar. Didn’t it feel like she was teasing her?”
“Then Sophia should’ve teased back or something. Grabbing a sword means she was trying to kill her.”
“The redhead was more of a threat. She was trying to kill with her punches.”
Opinions of those watching the situation differed.
“Hmm. Mihailov, that guy is also from RIL and has quite the personality too. What’s going to happen I wonder?”
“Let’s just go. Just think of it as a decent spectacle.”
Whatever the case, it was impossible to know what was happening inside the dimension gap. As the interviewers stopped the interview and made people leave, they all started walking out with disappointment. On the other hand, reporters that had already taken the required photos and videos wanted to leave as soon as possible, but they were blocked by the staff.
Left behind alone, Yu Jitae watched what was happening inside the dimension gap. His eyes could even see through [Laws of Nature], a protective barrier belonging to dragons, so a dimension gap formed by mere professors couldn’t block his vision.
Members of the First Aid team used healing magic and drugs to cure Sophia. Three to four were on the task and fortunately, it seemed like there weren’t going to be any grave, incurable aftermaths. Mihailov, the Russian guardian, who had been holding Sophia not knowing what to do, shot his gaze over to Yeorum with flames burning in his eyes.
Although there were a few around Yeorum as well, they stood a few steps away from her and treated her like a mad dog. There was even a person that took out a kusarigama from their Arms Inventory.
“Stay still, and don’t do anything,” said a certain interviewer.
Inside the dimension gap, Yeorum seemed to be all alone. The shirt near her shoulder that had received a palm strike when Mihailov pushed her away at the start was torn apart, and there was a red shape of a palm imprinted on her skin.
She was glaring at Sophia, who barely raised herself back up with a sulky look. Yu Jitae could not see what was going through the mind of that daughter of the red race
Soon, Mihailov walked towards Yeorum with twitching eyebrows. Seeing that aggressive attitude come from his body that was four times larger than Yeorum, the interviewers surrounded Mihailov and stopped him while saying, “Don’t be like this” and “Calm down”.
“Redhead.”
“Why.”
“What are you trying to do. Sophia wouldn’t be able to harm you in the first place, so why did you hit her like that?”
“Why are you asking me that? Then should I do nothing to a crazy bitch that runs in with a sword in hand?”
“You could’ve simply suppressed her!”
His bellow filled with mana smacked the walls of the dimension gap like a lion’s roar, causing the invisible barrier to wriggle. Wearing an awkward look on his face, an interviewer pacified Mihailov.
“Mihailov. Please calm down first.”
“How can I calm down! Although upsetting, it’s the truth isn’t it? That redhead was stronger than Sophia and could have easily just oppressed her and yet she hit her until she became like that! Can you calm down if you were me?”
“B, but there’s no serious aftermath so…”
“And besides, what’s with that, that attitude? Step aside. I won’t behave rashly!”
Shoving the interviewer away, Mihailov walked up until he was one step away from Yeorum. Yeorum, who was two heads shorter, did not avoid his eyes.
“Aren’t you going to apologise or anything?”
“Why should I apologise?”
“What if something had happened to Sophia. How would you take responsibility.”
“So is she dead? She’s not.”
“This bitch, till the very end!”
Despite saying he wouldn’t act rashly, Mihailov couldn’t endure his anger and raised his hand up.
Yu Jitae made a frown.
Startled, the interviewers quickly ran up and persuaded him. Within that atmosphere filled with doubt of whether he was going to hit her or not, Mihailov roughly wiped his face with his hand.
“I got it. Until the guardian comes, I’ll leave my mouth closed.”
“Aren’t you going to tell her to apologise to me?”
Mihailov, who had turned away, turned his head back to Yeorum.
“What, did you say just then? I hope I heard wrong.”
“You heard right. That side raised a sword first. After a spar, she ran in towards me! I still feel like bursting in anger, so shouldn’t I at least receive an apology from that crazy bitch?”
“…You must truly have a death wish.”
It was in an instant. His body with fully raised mana approached Yeorum in large strides. At the same time, his palm reached towards the sky before falling at Yeorum.
Yeorum twisted her body and dodged it and at the same time, her fist reached forward and drove into Mihailov’s chin. A thud was heard. Although the hit wasn’t strong, it was accurate.
Huh? What was happening? It was an unrealistic situation as if they were in the middle of a dream. The guards, as well as interviewers could not comprehend what was happening despite things happening in front of them realtime.
With a greatly crumpled expression, Mihailov started pouring out a turbulence of mana from his body. The people around that finally realised what was happening started separating Mihailov and Yeorum.
“Calm down!!”
“Oi, hold them back!”
“Please calm down, Mihailov!”
“Oi Yu Yeorum! You too, don’t provoke the guardian and just stay back!”
Yeorum was pushed back. In anger, she tried to push them away but they too, were placed in the top level amongst hunters and were not pushovers.
“Don’t resist and just stay back! Carlton, where’s this kid’s guardian!”
“We just sent someone to call him!”
“Crazy bitch, hitting a guardian’s chin like that?”
“Oi you guys, hold her back tight!”
After being pushed back endlessly, Yeorum clenched her teeth. Her calm rage was soaring back up.
“Why, why am I the one…!”
That was when Wei Yan, who had been watching the situation from behind, walked up to Yeorum. Then, he waved his hand to the surroundings, saying it was okay.
“Calm down everyone. The atmosphere is too heated up. And Cadet Yu Yeorum. We sent an assistant to search for your guardian. Since the situation is like this, it isn’t something that can be solved by a cadet.”
A warm light appeared in his eyes.
“And?”
“Don’t provoke anyone more than this. I saw everything from the start and won’t stand on any side but I wish Cadet Yeorum could endure from turning the situation worse than it already is. If it gets bigger than this, I can’t help you. Depending on your actions, your entire household can receive harm. Do you get what I’m saying?”
“…”
For the first time, a light of trouble flashed on Yeorum’s face. She was about to say something, but bit her lips and decided otherwise. Crimson blood surged out and touched her white teeth.
Seeing the trouble in her face, Wei Yan made a gentle smile.
“So until your guardian comes…”
“There’s no need to search any more.”
A dry voice stopped Wei Yan’s words as Yu Jitae walked in.
In that instant, Mihailov who had been bellowing, Wei Yan, interviewers and guards – their eyes all gathered at Yu Jitae. They all had the same doubt in their mind.
‘When did he come?’
‘How did he come in?’
The barrier around the dimension gap was still swaying gently, without a single trace of it being shaken and yet a person that hadn’t been inside had abruptly entered through the dimension. With his eyes glancing across, Yu Jitae opened his lips.
“I am her guardian, Yu Jitae. I don’t know what you adults are doing with one child in the middle but,”
Facing his eyes that seemed to be piercing through things, they avoided eye contact, and soon wondered why they even avoided his eyes.
“Let me talk to her for a bit.”
When their eyes met, Yeorum formed a frown and turned away – it was the same reaction as always. Without caring too much about that, Yu Jitae looked at Wei Yan.
“Hmm, well. Okay.”
Killing a demon always accompanied a strong pleasure. Even now, Yu Jitae felt an urge to stab a sword into Wei Yan’s throat, but now wasn’t a good time. In previous regressions, he killed whenever he wanted but that was a bad plan. Wei Yan must fall down a cliff with more things on his back.
Thus, now was the time to momentarily stop that trail of thought.
“As soon as the first aid is finished, send Sophia to the hospital please. Mihailov, Mister Yu Jitae – the two guardians please accompany me to my office. Same with Referee Kurosawa and Cadet Yu Yeorum.”
They all moved in perfect order while Yu Jitae approached Yeorum. When he did, the guards and the first aid member that was applying a gel on Yeorum’s shoulder and cheek fell back.