A memory of when he was lifted by the soldiers, ordering the direction surfaced for a short period of time before dissipating.
That was the end of the story. After explaining up to that point, Yu Jitae closed his lips while Kaeul watched him with a stiffened, rigid expression.
“……Did that friend of yours, die?”
Her voice resembled a string that was moments away from being torn apart.
Yu Jitae shook his head.
“Fortunately, he probably survived. He was a vengeful guy.”
The man killed himself.
“Technology has gotten better. It probably took a long time but his legs and eye should have been healed now.”
Though resentful, the world did not allow his death and time began rewinding itself. However, there was no reason to bother explaining such things.
Once, there was a time when he was maddened with revenge. He regressed, killed enemies and killed more and more, but time was a strange thing. Now, he didn’t feel anything even after thinking back on those times and it felt like explaining a synopsis of a drama he saw two years ago.
Forgetfulness consoled him like that. Now, he was just being led around by the time flying forth with inertia.
“Weak humans can become that miserable. Do you get that?”
“…”
He didn’t receive a response. Kaeul’s gaze was focused directly at Yu Jitae, before slowly going down and reaching the script. As for the things inside her head, he had no way of knowing.
That was when Gyeoul carefully looked at Yu Jitae and reached forward with her two arms.
She was asking for a hug.
Since the explanations had ended, it was perhaps okay to get closer to her. Judging that, Yu Jitae held Gyeoul in his arms. Maybe the dragon sensed something, but she reached out with her short arms and hugged his neck.
Then, she started crying in silence. He could feel the small head, the size of a fist, trembling next to his neck.
For him, this was a perplexing situation.
He did not know how to soothe a crying baby.
***
On the way back home after giving a candy and a snack to Kaeul and Gyeoul, Gyeoul held Kaeul’s hand and toddled forth while Yu Jitae, who had nothing urgent to do, matched their steps. The look on Kaeul’s face was still blank and even when he asked why, she didn’t give a meaningful response.
But, around the time they arrived at the dormitory.
Yu Jitae felt something foreign.
Something had entered the dorms – an extremely fierce something. A being that had exceeded a certain level in terms of hiding its senses.
Although he realised that it was about time, they were a lot earlier than expected. The dragons inside didn’t seem to be in any trouble, but that was natural, considering how the visitors were originally beings that protected dragons.
“Yu Kaeul.”
The voice was a level drier than usual. With a hazy gaze, Kaeul looked up at him.
“I’m going in first. Count up to one hundred before coming in.”
“…Yes.”
When Yu Jitae entered through the door of a room, beings with black full plated armours showed themselves inside Bom’s room. Their large bodies reached 2.3 metres in height.
As he walked towards them, they also sensed Yu Jitae’s existence and turned their bodies around. When four full plate armours moved, a heavy clash of metal was heard.
Around where the eyes should be at behind the helmet, red light glittered.
“Is it you, that made Green like this?”
A voice resembling the screeching noise of metals left the mouth of one of them.
Chapter 24: Those who protect (2)
Make Green like this?
It seemed to be talking about Bom, who was lying down from a high fever due to the aftermaths of magic transference.
Clack–
When four large steel armours were all in this small room, it made the room appear rather small.
He knew they would be appearing soon. There had been a fissure in the dimension above the skies and these must be the ones that left through the gap.
These masses of steel armours, were protectors.
Living in the dragons’ lairs, they would protect the wealth of the dragons or their hatchlings while acting as bodyguards for hatchlings that left on Amusements. They were one of the things that had been lost in the midst of the dimension travel.
“Where is my response? Did I not ask you whether you were the one that made Green like this or not?”
A voice that resembled the screeching noise of metals flowed out and from the owner of the voice, a dense mana of green dragons could be felt.
Ignoring its words, he decided to continue his thoughts for a little longer.
Originally, he should be killing the protectors.
They weren’t voluntary slaves of dragons. Dragons, known for their short and dirty tempers, took usable monsters or humans and attached leashes on them, telling them to protect their house till their death.
This leash was called Magic of Servitude.
But during the travel through dimensions, the protectors had their Magic of Servitude undone. Now, they no longer had compulsiveness in trying to protect the dragons. In the previous rounds of regression, after looking for the dragons, they realised that there was no reason for them to protect the dragons anymore and went their own ways.
Therefore, he killed all the protectors in other rounds. Due to the disappearance of Magic of Servitude, it had created a whole lot of other troubles.
However.
It was slightly different in this round.
In other regressions, only one showed up or they would never show up at all. And yet this time, there were four that looked for him – the protectors of Bom, Yeorum, Kaeul and Gyeoul had all shown themselves.
At the same time, it was also the first time that they visited this early.
There was no way that these existences that weren’t even dragons, somehow held their hands together and endured through the gaps of the dimensions. Thus, it seemed that there was a need for him to look into this strange situation.
“Why is there no response, human–!”
While he was remaining still, a protector shouted and although it was an ear-splitting bellow, it did not reach outside the room. Yu Jitae’s mana was wrapped around the entirety of Bom’s room.
“Just be quiet. She might wake up.”
Closing the door of the room, he walked in.
Did it think it was being looked down on? Green’s Protector reached his hand out to the side as a large greatsword was then formed via mana before resting in his hand.
He pointed the sword at Yu Jitae.
“This is my final warning. Answer me.”
“…”
But for some reason, these bastards were too arrogant.
“When you visit someone else’s house, shouldn’t you introduce yourself first?”
“It seems you are not catching up. Asking is the right of the strong. In other words, I’m the one that can ask in this situation, you lowly human–”
In that instant, a purplish-black aura oozed out of the armoured body and enveloped the dorm. Soon, they were standing in a black space as if they were thrown out into the middle of space.
It was a protective barrier that was a level lower than the Laws of Nature unique to dragons, Black Gaze.
Cling–
With that as the signal, other protectors also drew their own weapons, ranging from an axe, to a spear and a longsword.
Seeing the suspicious man in front of them, the protectors felt an inconceivable feeling of repulsion. It was a warning given from their instincts. Even in the calm before the storm, the man showed no sign of tension.
“…Okay I got it. I’ll tell you. The Blue Dragon was born. Green Dragon wanted to teach it polymorph and conducted a magic transference and due to overworking itself, it ended up like that.”
“Then who are you.”
“Their guardian.”
“Guardian? What a laughable self-introduction. Do you even know who you are referring to when you say that?”
“Of course I do. Now it’s time for me to ask. How did you come here so fast? You guys should have lost track of each other in an extremely distant dimension gap.”
“…It seems you know a lot of unnecessary things. There is no reason to give a response to someone that’s going to die soon.”
The protector took a step forward. Seemingly starting to get slightly annoyed, Yu Jitae’s eyes twitched.
“I am the one that protects the history of cause and effect.”
It’s crimson eyes flickered ominously.
“At the same time, I am the protector of these children. Seeing as how you haven’t caused any harm to the children, I feel regretful about the thing that will happen to you from now on. Normally, sending you away would suffice but…”
A sharp gaze flew at Yu Jitae, as if scanning through him.
“No matter how I see it, you are very far from being good. If I didn’t see it, that would be a different story but now that I have, I cannot leave you alive.”
The protector raised the two-handed greatsword up. A bluish-black aura wriggled ominously and it appeared to be a demonic sword made from Lakshatium, a metal from the demon world. Soon, an intense killing intent started flowing out of the protector’s body.
For some reason, he knew that things would go this way. By nature, things that were related to dragons were always inflexible like this.
[Sword of a Servant]
With the [Eyes of Equilibrium] catching onto its authenticity, its name as an ability surfaced.
Soon, its two-handed greatsword overflowed with corrupt mana and formed a sword aura. A bluish-black demonic mana of lightning covered the blade. It was a near perfect aura.
“There won’t be any pain.”
Jumping through space, the protector reached nearby and took a step in with a large swing. No matter what was in front, it was a slash that could demolish anything in its path but with a light tapping noise, it stopped right in front of Yu Jitae’s nose.
Before anyone could realise, killing intent bloomed. Yu Jitae’s [Shapeless Sword] had blocked the protector’s initial attack.
It’s eyes flickered.
“Rather than this, how about solving it with a conversation.”
None of the protectors returned a reply.
A ray of light was shot out of the protector’s bright red eyes. When Yu Jitae lowered his neck to dodge the ray that was aimed at his head, other protectors appeared from all around in the blink of an eye and swung their respective weapons.
Kaang–!
Yu Jitae either dodged or blocked them.
Their cooperative strikes did not stop. Just like machines, the protectors completely synchronised their movements with each other as they aimed for Yu Jitae’s life.
As if he was merely lowering one finger down, Yu Jitae calmly matched their rhythmical movements. Slightly shifting the trajectory of the spear that came flying in, he parried the axe and lowered his knee to dodge a sword.
Kuung…!
In the middle of all that, a fierce blow came rushing in.
He blocked it. Mana erupted with the Shapeless Sword in the centre and covered the alternate dimension like a tempest. However, it did not burn a single hair on Yu Jitae’s body, who was in the eye of the storm.
“…No-one’s listening.”
Right, how could someone like me have a normal conversation – with a self-deprecating smile, he slowly licked his lips.
He then took a step forward. It was but one step, and yet the entire Black Gaze shook.
Feeling a change in the situation, the protectors distanced themselves but Yu Jitae was slightly faster. By the time they realised that his body was turning hazy, a sword was right before the head of one of the protectors. The protector urgently pulled out his sword aura.
Kagagagang—!
Although the killing intent wasn’t much, it was enough.
Together with the sound of an operating electric saw, the guardian’s sword aura started cracking and the protector, who was unable to absorb the impact, was shoved all the way back. Seeing that, other protectors utilised their mana.
[Maditarria Henge]
Behind the protectors’ backs, a large rectangular stone started soaring out from the bottom of the dimension.
It was magic borrowing the powers of necromancy.
Hands formed from shadows crawled toward Yu Jitae. Those hands would deprive any source of life upon contact.
[Summon Death Knight]
[Summon Dragontooth Warrior]
At the same time, several black knights riding dark warhorses appeared from thin air. Even the strongest undead warriors born from the teeth of dragons likewise raised themselves up by lifting their bony wings.
This was the entire army that defended a lair.
Soon, the protectors dashed in along with the monsters. Perhaps they had matched their movements a thousand times already as they systematically took turns to start pressuring Yu Jitae.
Now.
Carefully choosing the timing, the protector of the Green Dragon raised his two-handed greatsword up to the sky.
[Sword of a Servant. Final Form. Sword of All Ends]
This was formed based on the demonic aura of a living armour, a part of the demon race.
The root of all power gathered at one place. Right when it seemed that the Dragontooth Warriors, Death Knights and the undeads completely sealed off Yu Jitae’s legs, the Sword of a Servant raised above the skies explosively let out demonic auras.
Final Form – a power only gained after mastering an authority close to its maximum. A deep, pure demonic aura created after countless filtering, close to a deadly poison, fell at Yu Jitae in the blink of an eye.
*
Dark warhorses and knights were completely bisected as they rolled on the floor. A single strike that followed cut the dragontooth warrior’s sword and followed through till it slashed the warrior’s neck.
The same happened with the auras of necromancy. Swinging a sword, the man slashed the alternate dimension apart with a speed and a trajectory that could not be followed by human eyes. After that, the hands that had been following the shadows were cut off as is, as they lost their powers.
And the Final Form was broken head-on.
It wasn’t broken by a fancy miracle and neither was a skill resembling an authority visible.
What happened was outside their comprehension but was nevertheless the reality.
The strong did not need to rely on some skills. With nothing but a killing intent that surpassed normal standards a few times, the man overwhelmed the protectors.
That was merely the beginning.
An invisible sword came flying in and crushed the armour of a certain protector as the sharp killing intent dug through. It slashed past the protective barrier of the protector, before directly piercing through the metal body and after reaching the core made of mana, it tore it apart.
“…!”
A protector crumbled just like that.
The man did not stop. He held the helmet of another protector that was about to raise itself up. Then, he pushed the helmet forward with sheer power – a strength that was unthinkable to be from a human. Due to that power, the neck of the wearer was bent back and the joint between the helmet and the armour was opened up. The man pierced through the gap with the same invisible sword and slashed all the mana apart from the inside.
And when all four protectors each received critical strikes, they collapsed.
However, there was one that endured without collapsing. It was the protector of the Green Dragon, who had half of its upper body destroyed along with one of its arms. With one knee on the ground, the protector held itself up with the support of the cracked greatsword.
Kagagack…!
Metals screeched from the cracked joints and the crimson eyes that used to be fierce lost its spirit and faintly flashed.
“…”
The protector could not believe what was happening.
Power had an endogenous origin and thus before being released, it cannot be clearly discerned. So before when they were looking at him, they did not imagine at all that he could be this strong but now that things turned out the way they did, a late doubt started surfacing up inside,
Perhaps, perhaps the existence before them was stronger than an adult dragon.
What sort of fucked up world was this?
And,
“Who, might you be…”
Who was this transcendent being?
Chapter 25: Those who protect (3)
“……”
Yu Jitae looked down at them.
The protectors raised their bodies up one by one and the unstable, wavering mana reflected their anxiety. They most likely had always been protecting lairs with omnipotent strengths while looking down on the rest of the world. And yet such existences were defeated by sheer strength.
The reason for a sudden change in their attitudes to the point that it was close to respect was because living armours were originally beings from the demon world.
It was a world of the strong. Existences in demon worlds thus respected and feared those stronger than themselves.
“Is this place… a world under your esteemed self’s reign?”
That was a misunderstanding but he didn’t see a reason to correct them, so quietly he stared at the protectors.
Judging from the things that had happened before in other regressions, some change was bound to occur to these guys at this point in time. And his thoughts were on the mark.
When the protectors were about to die, a desire to survive soared up within them. It was an instinct of an organism that wished to keep its life.
However,
Something was different.
Usually even when they felt an urge to survive, the Magic of Servitude should be washing it away like a curse. Regardless of their own deaths, protectors must defeat the enemy while protecting the dragons. That was the role of the leash cast on them by the dragons.
And yet currently, they felt a desire to survive rushing forth inside them. Perhaps the Magic of Servitude had been undone during the long journey to a distant dimension but for them, the freedom which had finally arrived after hundreds of years was more important.
At this moment, several protectors had the same thought in mind – regardless of the method, they must run away from here.
And Yu Jitae, who precisely understood their thought process, opened his mouth.
“Now we can finally have a chat.”
Approaching the protector of the Green Dragon, he kicked the upper body. With a thud, a broken metal plate fell on the ground and rolled away and soon after, an invisible blade touched its chest, where the core of the living armour belonged.
“There should have been a problem with the dimension. How did you all survive.”
“…If I answer, can we keep our lives intact?”
“Can you not catch up to what’s happening?”
The blade pierced through the armour.
Kagagak…
And sounds of metals rubbing were heard.
As if a soft piece of wood was being caved in, the metal armour was like wood before the blade.
“…Let me speak. The following incidence is called a Dimension Twist. My lord tried to open a path with a nearby dimension but for some reason, the dimensions were twisted and we bounced off to an uncertain exterior of the dimensions.”
Up to here was something Yu Jitae was also aware of.
“Explain about that thing called a Dimension Twist.”
He once again asked something which he already knew of. It was to allow a comparison with the replies he received in other rounds of regression.
“Although I’m not too sure of it myself…”
After staying silent for a short period of time, the protector continued speaking.
“In the past, my lord said that there was a place called the ‘Horizon of Providence’ and that the horizon deviated from our world’s concept of time. I remember him saying that dimension gaps occurred due to a certain power coming into effect from that Horizon of Providence.”
But this round’s explanation was different from previous ones.
Horizon of Providence? It was his first time hearing such a word and now that he thought about it, there had never been a protector of the Green Dragon amongst those that came looking for him.
Maybe it was because the protector in front of him was a protector of the green race that could read the Providence.
[Eyes of Equilibrium (SS)]
A blue aura appeared in Yu Jitae’s eyes. The authenticity that floated up was ‘true’, proving that its words were true.
“…”
Comparatively speaking, dimensions were like the ocean. Although the sea was wide and broad, travelling to a nearby island wasn’t difficult. Even Yu Jitae could open the dimensions and head to the demon world if he so desired. The demon world was close and he could set sail on a canoe.
Of course, a trip through dimensions required a sacrifice, but the point was that it was possible whenever.
However, ‘Askalifa’, the world of dragons, was a distant dimension. Travelling from Asia to America on a canoe was virtually impossible and in addition, what happened to them was similar to meeting a storm while riding a canoe.
That was why it was more questionable.
“Even dragons can’t find the right direction in a twist like that.”
“Yes, that is the case.”
Then how did you guys all come here together? Sensing Yu Jitae’s question without him even opening his mouth, the protector continued his words.
“In the Horizon of Providence… near it was a certain existence.”
“An existence?”
“Yes. That being started a conversation with me, from the other side of the horizon.”
This too was something he was hearing for the first time, and a slight irritation appeared in Yu Jitae’s frown.
“What did it say.”
“It wasn’t something spoken through a language. It was like a certain will suggesting me a direction. That ‘will’ taught us the direction we were to head for and I merely followed that path to gather the protectors to one place, while finding the direction towards the hatchlings.”
After disintegrating the Shapeless Sword, Yu Jitae held his forehead and faced down. Right now, he was in an extremely unpleasant mood.
Going past four rounds of regression and excluding the small elements that changed with every regression, there was close to nothing which he didn’t know about.
It was only that, just like how the foot of a candle was always dark, he was clueless about the individuals called dragons. The reason was that up until now, he had not treated the dragons as individuals.
Having something he was clueless about, wasn’t acceptable.
This world, and this timeline – everything must be in the back of his palm. That’s how it must be.
And yet the authenticity of the protector’s words being drawn on the Eyes of Equilibrium was ‘true’ no matter how he saw it. It meant that an aspect he didn’t know of, had occurred.
“It seemed that the will contained dissatisfaction against something, to the point of cursing it… Maybe it’s because I have a core made by the powers of a green dragon lying inside me.”
The Green’s protector continued babbling on. While remembering every single word that was coming out of its mouth, on the other side of his brain, Yu Jitae reflected on himself.
Why did I not know of these things? The Horizon of Providence and that being on the other side of the horizon – did they exist in other rounds as well despite him being clueless about them?
No.
While travelling through dimensions, crushing the head of an archduke of the demon world, twisting the neck of a black dragon and wandering around the Styx river and the hells of shura, he searched for everything that could be known related to dimensions. He had confirmed and double-checked several times that everything made sense.
And yet what was this. An element that could affect the entirety of the timeline approached him without a single warning. How could such a thing happen?
It was when he was in the middle of a deep contemplation.
“…Ah, and in a corner of my core, there is a leftover sign from that existence. I don’t exactly know what sort of thing it is but…”
Due to those words, his head was lifted.
He abruptly walked up to the protector and held onto the other sides of the hole that was made in the middle of the metal plate before pulling them apart. When he did, the metals started bending like a jelly as a scream from the protector going, “…Kuhak!” was heard.
The mana core in the midst – although it couldn’t be seen by the naked eye due to it not being an object, Yu Jitae could clearly see it. Reaching forth with his hand, he touched the core as the metal armour started trembling.
In that moment, a status screen floated in front of his eyes.
[The authority [Vintage Clock (EX)] notices a twisted flow in time.]
A one and only authority belonging to himself. A power which rewound the time of all dimensions with him at the centre.
[The authority [Vintage Clock (EX)] discovers an element facing you with animosity.]
[The authority [Vintage Clock (EX)] expresses an intense repulsion towards elements that had escaped the timeline of worlds.]
[The authority [Vintage Clock (EX)] will declare everything that was not affected by the regressions, appeared from outside the timeline or those with their own timeline as enemies and will thoroughly examine them.]
Yu Jitae repeatedly read through the status messages several times. Just as he understood, it seemed that there was an existence in a distant place, called the Horizon of Providence, that held a dissatisfaction about his regressions.
He had no way of knowing the sorts of uncertain aspects that would be created but at the same time, it wasn’t something for him to get agitated about at this point in time. According to the status messages, [Vintage Clock] will notice the ‘hostility sent from outside the timeline’ a second before him.
Heaving out a deep sigh, Yu Jitae relaxed himself.
“…I get it, for the time being.”
A heavy weight that sealed the entire space finally dissipated and only then did the protectors let out sighs.
“Now, it is time to talk about your treatment. Unfortunately, I can’t hand the dragons over to you.”
The flashes of light within the steel armours became slightly clearer as the protectors held onto hope and expectation.
“So, I’ll let you go out if you guys want to. As long as you don’t cause any disruption outside, it will be fine. Anyone that would like to leave?”
“…I, I would like to go.”
The protector of Gold Dragon was the first to express its will. Having the cores crafted by dragons, the protectors could recover their physical bodies. The bent armours were unfolded and the detached parts of the body were coming back together.
A protector lifted itself up.
“And anyone else. Anyone else that would like to leave.”
While glancing around, the other protectors also raised their hands up. They had never volunteered to be protectors of dragons and they seeked freedom. Protectors of the red and the blue race slowly stood back up on their feet.
But until then, the protector of the Green Dragon did not show any response.
“Aren’t you going?”
“…”
“I’m asking you. Aren’t you going?”
“I cannot leave.”
Without sparing it another second, Yu Jitae kicked the protector.
Kaang–!
Due to the overwhelming power, the protector flew off dozens of metres and rolled on the corner of the alternate dimension. Its metal chestplate was crushed yet again.
“…Kuuk.”
It was not a simple strike and was a shock that struck at the source of mana itself. Slowly, he walked up and stood in front of it as he gave it another question.
“Answer me. Are you not going?”
“…I will not go.”
The Shapeless Sword travelled past the protector’s helmet and along with a slash, the horn of the helmet was cut off. That too, was a strike aimed at its source.
“Are you not going?”
“I, I am the one that protects the history of cause and effect…”
Even whilst its life as a living being was starting to flicker away, the protector of the Green Dragon held its ground. Thus, with an indifferent expression, Yu Jitae pierced through its neck with the Shapeless Sword. The killing intent that stabbed from the front protruded out from its nape.
“Not going?”
“Can’t… go…”
Due to the flow of mana being interrupted somewhere, even its voice was leaving in fragments. And yet its eyes still remained flickering and thus, Yu Jitae smashed the protector’s face with his fists.
Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!
Every time a strike connected, the Black Gaze trembled. After merely three punches, the helmet of the living armour resembled a dirty rag. It meant that a shock at that level was being conveyed to its soul and from what Yu Jitae understood, it was similar to the pain of a human skull being destroyed.
“Not going?”
“…”
Even then, it persisted. After walking up to it, he stepped on the protector’s chest with his foot.
“Last chance. Are you not going?”
“I… can’t… do… such…”
“This guy’s crazy.”
Yu Jitae slightly licked his lips.
A reaction like this was extremely unexpected. To be honest, he thought that all four of them would desire freedom.
Eyes of Equilibrium faced its flickering eyes. The favourability appearing in his eyes was ‘dislike’ and it seemed to be suffering greatly from the situation. Despite that, it was holding on.
“That guy has always been a foolish guy.”
In that moment, a different protector chimed in. Different races of dragons were usually indifferent towards each other and maybe that was why.
“He is a fool that does not even grasp the freedom placed right before his eyes, so please do as you see fit.”
It was a scornful laughter facing a fellow demon race that could not even grasp an opportunity at freedom. Thus, Yu Jitae decided to push the protector further into a corner.
Kwang! Kwang! Kwang!
Until right before its fire of life was about to die down, fists heavier than metal hammers continued flying in.
“……”
The protector of Green collapsed on the ground like a pulp. It’s one and only remaining eye did not look away from Yu Jitae’s gaze despite its weak flashes.
That was more than enough.
Yu Jitae was not interested in what other protectors thought all the way from their past up until now.
He was fundamentally a broken human. If necessary, he could kill one or two innocent men without feeling a single bit of guilt. That would be an evil act but in that sense, he was already an evil person and had forgotten the values of good and evil a long time ago.
There was only one reason for him to keep a protector alive in this current situation. And that was only if they could help protect the dragons.
And right now, only one out of the four successfully passed through his standards. Now this is what a ‘protector’ should be, right?
Besides, he also required information about the other side of the Horizon of Providence so keeping it nearby shouldn’t have a downside.
Finishing his line of thought, Yu Jitae turned his head away and threw his gaze over to the other protectors.
What was left, were the useless ones.
Chapter 26: Those who protect (4)
Only two existences remained inside the Black Gaze and no signs of other protectors could be seen.
“…”
Until everything ended, the protector of Green Dragon lowered its gaze and held its words in.
They, who had lived for over hundreds of years, came to their ends in a split second and the sole remaining protector slowly opened its mouth.
“Are you not going to take my life?”
It didn’t receive a response.
The killing intent covering the entirety of Black Gaze dissipated and Yu Jitae stood before the protector. He then asked.
“Don’t you miss freedom?”
“…Saying I don’t miss it, will be me telling a lie. However, this body was formed due to the work of the demon world, and the one that saved me from an unwanted life was my current lord.”
“…”
“Since I gave my loyalty to the green race with all my heart, I do not plan to defect even at the cost of my life.”
Even though its conduct was like a gangster, it talked about knighthood. After some thought, Yu Jitae walked closer and crouched down to match his line of sight with the protector.
“The purpose of your life is to protect the Green Dragon.”
“…That is the case.”
“But since I will be protecting the Green Dragon, your life will be meaningless, right?”
“…!”
It’s crimson eyes ominously flickered.
That was true. If the dragon was being protected by a being this strong, who would dare say that they needed another guardian? Even then, the protector could not walk off on its own path.
“Aren’t you a being, closer to evil?”
Well, that was true but it seemed to Yu Jitae, that the protector had completely misunderstood something.
“If there is a meaning in keeping my life, please do tell me. As long as it can provide more support in protecting the green race, I will do whatever it may be.”
“‘Whatever’?”
“…As long as it doesn’t cause harm to the safety of Green Dragon, that will be the case.”
Although he wasn’t completely fond of that sentence, they had reached a decent compromise. After a bit more thought, Yu Jitae opened his mouth.
“Until the dragons finish their Amusements, act as my servant.”
“Servant as in, do you mean a full obedience? Even when that does not comply with my will?”
He thought that its words were a bit stiff but he ignored it.
“Similar.”
When Yu Jitae gave a response, the protector lowered its gaze.
“…However, the seal drawn on this humble body belongs to that of a count of the demon world.”
“And?”
“Though I’m not sure who you might be, I do understand that you are a being that has exceeded past a certain boundary. However, now that the Magic of Servitude cast by the dragons has been undone, there is still the stamp of the demon world remaining on this body. That will become an obstacle against full obedience.”
That wouldn’t be a problem.
“Do not look away from my eyes.”
In response to his words, Green’s protector raised its head up and in that instant, a blue aura appeared in Yu Jitae’s eyes.
One of the three authorities stolen from the Archduke of the demon world, and a power that had only been used to discern the nature of good and evil, authenticity and favourability up until now.
[Eyes of Equilibrium (SS)]
But in the essence of that ability, was the demonic mana of the Demon Archduke embedded within.
“…!”
When Archduke’s mana started flowing out, the protector turned stiff like a statue.
A demonic aura this thick.
Don’t tell me, that this man is someone on the same level as the Archduke of the demon world? The protector, who had left the demon world hundreds of years ago, was startled and baffled by the situation that then unfolded.
A curse of the Demon Count that had settled down on its body for a long time, was being chiseled away by Yu Jitae’s mana. On top of that, a stamp of the Demon Archduke began replacing it.
At the same time, the protector’s body that had been recreated by the count’s mana started changing yet again. Despite that, since it had originally been a living armour, its appearance after the change was still a full-plated armour.
“…”
Kneeling down on one of its knees, the protector showed respect on the outside, but it felt doubt against the man in front rising from within.
Considering that thick demonic mana, the man was definitely not a good person. Maybe ‘protecting’ the dragons was a mere hypocrisy and the dragons were being held hostage?
‘…’
A dangerous being, thought the protector.
According to what it’s instinctive senses alerted, the man was more wicked than the beings of the demon world. Perhaps he was the demon lord of this world.
‘…That can’t be.’
The Green Dragon was captured by a man like that and judging from his words, it seemed that all the other dragons were also caught.
In the protector’s head, Yu Jitae had become a complete devil. A demon lord, a kidnapper, and whatever he was, the man was the worst being in this world, keeping dragons as hostages. And that man was standing right before itself.
As a protector, it judged that it must escape with the dragons and have the Green Dragon escape at the very least.
But observing the man’s strength, it did not see a single hope of possibility.
Despair painted the protector from within.
“Are you ready?”
The protector replied with a wretched heart.
“……Yes.”
After hearing that response, Yu Jitae ripped through the Black Gaze and walked out.
Bom’s room had become a mess. The wardrobe was lying on the ground and a few flower pots had been broken. A small portion of the shock that happened inside the Black Gaze had oozed out and had affected the room.
That was obvious considering that a Final Form had also been used.
From within the mass of dirt flowing out of a broken flower pot, a worm crawled past and Yu Jitae heaved out a small sigh.
In that instant, Kaeul, who felt a human presence opened the door and came in.
“…Ahjussi?”
It seemed that the baby chicken had not sensed through the pure Black Gaze.
“I, finished, counting and… where in the…”
Her eyes that had been drooping low had liveliness overflowing out once again. Throwing away the script, Kaeul approached them.
“Where did you go! Like, it was suddenly getting windy and we looked for you because we were worried you might have gotten hurt! Gyeoul was like whimpering and… nn…?”
In the middle of her speech, she found a black full-plated armour standing behind Yu Jitae and tilted her head. It wasn’t the protector she knew of.
“Who is this? Your friend?”
Yu Jitae made a hazy smile seeing the innocent light in her eyes.
Around that point in time, the protector had received a fairly large shock. It naturally thought that the dragons would be feeling reluctant against Yu Jitae. He was an evil man which the protector was made certain of a few moments ago. It was worried that the dragons might have gone through a dirty experience…
And yet what was this reaction? The voice filled with worry coming out of the young gold dragon, was that of a child that found its parents in the midst of anxiety.
There’s no way.
There was no way…
It was when a disharmony of its thoughts and reality caused the protector to be dumbfounded, when a baby dragon with blue hair carefully peeked its head past the door.
A deep aura of water was felt. It was the Blue Dragon.
The moment it saw Yu Jitae, the Blue Dragon formed an expression that seemed to be moments away from crying, as it began toddling towards Yu Jitae. Then, the dragon reached out its arms at Yu Jitae, as if asking for a hug.
Yu Jitae casually hugged the Blue Dragon up. His movements did not seem to carry any deep emotion and yet the instant it was hugged by Yu Jitae, the Blue Dragon stopped whimpering and calmed down.
A shock was added on top of another shock.
What, in the world, was happening in front of itself?
Did something violent invert the minds of the dragons? Or were they brainwashed? No. Even the brainwashing magic of demon lords did not work on dragons.
Then what in the world…?
“Anyways! What happened, and why is the room in a state like this? Bom-unni could have gotten hurt!”
“It wasn’t me.”
“Then?”
With large, sharp eyes, Kaeul asked with a tone that seemed to be saying, ‘what excuse do you have?’.
“This guy did it.”
When Yu Jitae gestured with his hands, Kaeul’s sharp eyes turned towards the protector.
“Why did you do that? Our ahjussi and Bom-unni could have gotten hurt! And who in the world is this person? Why did he come into our house all of a sudden?!”
The baby chicken continued pecking on. The protector, that had suddenly turned into a sinner didn’t know what to do. Even though it should have introduced itself while letting them know that it was here to protect them, the situation was turning strange and the protector missed the opportunity.
“Say hi.”
It seemed that the saving grace was unexpectedly coming from Yu Jitae.
“He’s a new cleaner I hired.”
No, it wasn’t a saving grace.
The situation continued flowing in a manner outside its control.
*
An hour later.
Wearing an apron (because Gyeoul was scared of the pattern drawn on its chestplate), and a pair of rubber gloves (because it couldn’t pick up the shattered fragments of the flower pots with a gauntlet), the protector had to clean Bom’s room all alone.
After a long cleaning session, it was finally reaching the end.
The protector crouched down and tried to digest everything that had happened up to the current point in time. Gold and Blue Dragon, who followed Yu Jitae just like a family member – since brainwash wouldn’t work on them, it must be an honest action coming from their hearts.
“…Ahjussi.”
That was when the Green Dragon murmured in its sleep.
“…Is my cooking… delicious?”
It seemed to be feeding something in its sleep, perhaps to that devilish man.
“……you liar.”
During the sleep talk, Bom made a soft smile.
This too, came as a shock. The protector did not see the young lady of the green race smiling like this, for around twenty years.
Although it couldn’t understand, it had to take it in.
Outside its expectations, the man did not do anything bad to the dragons and that wasn’t the end. It was a step further and their relationship seemed to have formed a fairly decent structure.
There was a need to watch on for a bit more.
At that moment, the door of the dorm was pushed wide open.
“Huu.”
It was Yeorum returning home after an exercise, showered in sweat like a protagonist of a drama. After glancing around the house, she found the protector and asked with a displeased expression.
“What is that?”
“A cleaner, apparently.”
Kaeul replied.
No, that’s not it though…
“A cleaner? Someone that cleans? Then why is it standing still without cleaning? Something that’s not even a human.”
“Hmm, I don’t know, but ahjussi said it was the cleaner!”
“That human did? Hmm…”
Feeling intrigued, Yeorum walked up and tapped the rubbish bin placed in front of the protector with her foot. The rubbish that was painfully gathered came crumbling down.
“Work. Don’t play around.”
***
Residential District.
The third floor of a dormitory in the form of an 80-square-metre officetel.
Weekend arrived at Unit 301.
Normally, dragons were said to summon spirits that would organise their lairs and that seemed to be a common sense in their world. However, there were no spirits on Earth and the dragons thus apparently did not know how to clean.
Despite that, he wasn’t particularly interested in whether they lived in a pile of trash or not… at least he was, until seeing what Yeorum’s room was like.
While Yeorum had gone out for an exercise in the middle of the day and the protector was cleaning the shocking room belonging to Yeorum, Yu Jitae walked towards Kaeul’s room.
Kaeul, who had been blankly staring at the script in the living room startledly ran towards Yu Jitae.
“N, no you can’t! How can you go into a girl’s room without consent!”
She held onto Yu Jitae’s arm and tried to drag him away.
“It must be dirty.”
“N, no?! It’s not that dirty! These days I didn’t clean much because I was practising the script… a, anyways you can’t!”
Without a stop, Yu Jitae headed to the door of the room and Kaeul was dragged there herself. The strength she used with a shout, “Uang!” was meagre in comparison.
“N, nooooon!”
Yes.
Yu Jitae opened the door. It was unknown where she got them from, but dolls, mirrors and photos of people were stuck on one side of the walls. The number reached almost a hundred.
And she seemed to have consumed a lot of chocolates as foils and paper boxes formed mountains on the floor.
It was a manifestation of untidiness itself.
“I can’t believe it! My mum said you shouldn’t enter others’ lairs without permission okay?”
“…Those dolls, are they replacements for the audience?”
He remembered hearing her voice as she practised the declaration alone in her room. Did she have those dolls as an audience throughout her practices?
“That’s not the important bit! Leave, please…! I’m dying from embarrassment.”
Kaeul pushed him out with all her strength. Yu Jitae, who was shoved out onto the corridor, called his copy. Since it was a weekend, the copy was on a break as well.
“Your command, my lord.”
Yu Jitae who looked exactly the same as Yu Jitae, stood before him.
“Let’s clean the house today.”
Chapter 27: Weekend at Unit 301 (1)
“Clean, is it?”
It was when Yu Jitae was in the middle of explaining the cleaning plan to his clone.
From Bom’s room, Gyeoul woke up. She would spend the day at Kaeul’s room and sleep at Bom’s room at night. Since she was still a baby dragon, a long sleep was needed at night.
She was inside Bom’s embrace when she woke up. Wriggling her way out, Gyeoul checked that the blue teddy bear was healthy today as well and got out of the bed while hugging the bear.
As the door was gently pushed open, the blue hair and a pair of circular eyes peeked past the small gap between the door and the wall.
There was Yu Jitae in the living room.
And there, was another Yu Jitae.
With widened eyes, Gyeoul looked back and forth between the two men.
This here was Yu Jitae and that one over there… was also Yu Jitae.
She would be hesitant to approach even with just one and yet there were as many as two Yu Jitaes in front, and her nervousness thus doubled. Due to that, Gyeoul hid behind the door for a long time as she observed the Yu Jitaes.
But soon, her feet unconsciously led herself forward. While cautiously walking on the corridor, Gyeoul hesitated about which direction she was to head for.
“Your wish is my command. My lord.”
A Yu Jitae with a lowered head ignored Gyeoul and walked off to Yeorum’s room. Blankly, Gyeoul stared at his back before sensing something and turning her head back to the front. Then, she walked towards the remaining Yu Jitae.
The small baby carefully confronted the man as a hazy gaze travelled down and met the pair of blue eyes.
“…”
She tried to open her mouth with a mumble, but words didn’t leave her mouth. Seeing the hesitant child, Yu Jitae gave a greeting.
“Did you sleep well.”
A rather powerless, dried-up voice left his mouth.
Unable to give a response, Gyeoul hesitated for a long time before raising the doll up and covering her face. Soon after, a pair of big and strong arms approached her and lifted her up. When she removed the bear from her vision, she realised that she was in Yu Jitae’s arms.
“…”
Gyeoul, who ended up in his embrace, stared deeply at his face,
And those eyes stayed on him for a long period of time.
Meanwhile, [Shadow of an Archduke (SS)] that entered Yeorum’s room, was faced with a startling scene. It was unknown exactly when she bought them, but there were hundreds of comic books, gaming consoles, empty packets of crackers, cans, half-eaten boxes of chicken, some swords and unidentifiable objects with countless sword marks.
In front of all that, was a full-plated armour wearing an apron in the middle of a cleaning session – it was the protector.
The protector, who had been standing in the corner of a room like a statue throughout the night, only started moving again from morning due to Yu Jitae’s command to clean.
Apparently, it had become a housekeeper.
The protector thought as it pondered about its own identity, when Yu Jitae’s clone came nearby and bent his back.
“That’s not it. That’s a food waste.”
“…!”
“Place it in that yellow bag over there. Do you not even know that?”
Due to Yu Jitae’s sudden appearance, the protector stood up in a hurry, but soon, it realised that the one in front of itself was the duplicate which had been seen last night. With a stiff back, the clone shoved the trash to a side with his feet.
That was perhaps how Yu Jitae himself would look, if he were to clean another person’s room.
“…Does he think he’s the true body or something.”
The protector whispered to itself under its breath and the clone did not respond. For a long time, the two cleaned Yeorum’s room without saying another word but when some plastic and cans entered a bag for general waste, the clone opened his mouth.
“I’m curious about how uncivilised Askalifa is.”
“…”
“Seems that there’s not even a proper recycling system so…”
Obediently, the protector listened to the clone’s words and separated the cans and plastic. But when the clone still effortlessly pushed and shoved the wastes around with his feet, the protector let out a murmur.
“A succubus riding on a count’s back…”
It was a proverb of the demon world used to denounce a powerless person that believed in their background to carry out irresponsible acts.
However, as an SS-rated authority of a Demon Archduke, who had lived for over hundreds of years, the clone had its own personality.
His feet came to a stop.
At the same time, the protector’s rubber gloved hands also came to a stop. Its crimson eyes flickered as it lifted up its head.
“…”
“…”
Their gazes collided in midair.
***
Despite it being a weekend, there had been a contact from the directing team. It was a detailed guide about the declaration audition that would be held in two days. Amongst roughly 300 cadets, only 13 made it through the first audition and from those candidates, the final audition will be held, where three final members will be chosen.
The three will consist of one main declarer and two supporting declarers.
The name, ‘Yu Kaeul’ was at the very end of those 13 names. Yu Jitae, who had been glancing through the list of the audition participants discovered a name he knew of.
[Gong Juhee]
This name – he remembered it.
She was one of the members of the Azure Dragon study group, under a heavy support of the demon, Wei Yan.
He was a demon that was a lot more concerned about the media and the masses compared to other demons. Thus, it was perhaps natural that a member of the Azure Dragon study group was mixed within the list of declaration readers of the entrance ceremony.
Wei Yan, Wei Yan…
It was a disturbing name, like a sore on the tongue.
Yu Jitae left the house and headed for the education department within Lair. It was to look into the ‘event held at the end of the year’, which Wei Yan talked about when revealing his aspirations. Also, that perhaps wasn’t just an event for Wei Yan – it must be an event which the whole demon organisation he was a part of was looking forward to.
Since it was an end-of-the-year plan which hadn’t been revealed yet, it was a secret from outsiders and there was no way for a normal person to get informed about it. However, it served no problem for the Regressor.
Thanks to the Eyes of Equilibrium and several other tools, he discovered the answer rather safely and easily.
“We will be conquering an S+ dungeon. Cadets of Lair that have been selected through competitions will also be participating.”
On the emergency stairs heading to the basement, a staff member of Lair opened his mouth with a dull expression.
Hearing that, Yu Jitae remembered something from the past, as he reflected on a certain round of regression.
[Melissia Masquerade]
Melissia Masquerade was a huge incident that happened in the Melissia ballroom where more than a 100 demons were born.
To the human race, this was one of the elements that were of great threats.
In a certain round of regression, he had been to the Melissia ballroom as a part of the group of soldiers that were dispatched there to protect the cadets and that was now coming into play in this round.
It was a good thing for him. Since all the demons that were carefully raised by Wei Yan will all be mobilised, it would be a great opportunity to massacre all of Wei Yan’s underlings that were spread out like dots.
Some might ask, ‘After regressing, isn’t it possible to just massacre all the demons from other rounds?’
That would be impossible.
Wei Yan had always been a demon in all rounds, and had died in Yu Jitae’s hands every round. There were no exceptions there.
However, there were beings that were demons in some rounds, while being humans in others. On the other hand, there were also those that hadn’t been demons, who suddenly became a demon in one certain round.
Killing innocent humans due to mistaking them as demons was not a problem. That didn’t result in him feeling anything in particular.
The problem was in fact the opposite. A birth of an unknown demon was something that must be prevented to the best of his abilities, in order to extinguish even the slightest of the threatening embers. It was a form of a compulsiveness that was created inside him over the long years.
He imagined the future of this round. He wouldn’t interfere with the flow of the world and just like what he had always been doing, he would let the wave flow, as it was a good idea to ride it along.
There was nothing he could do about the grains of sand scattered beneath where the waves had hit. But that was fine. In the flow of the world, there were destined to be tornados and the scattered sands will always gather at one place.
Thus, all he had to do was to wait it out and discern the right timing. For the Regressor, who had lived as a predator for a long time, it wasn’t a difficult task.
*
On the way back from the education department, Yu Jitae sensed a familiar aura.
There was a local park nearby, where a large fountain stood tall. He carried his feet over to that place.
A large tree was reaching out at the skies while cadets travelled around in groups of three to five. There, Yu Jitae found a green-haired girl sitting on a bench.
Although it was unknown how she noticed him, the head turned towards him as the pair of green eyes blinked.
It was Bom.
“Huh? Ahjussi.”
At the place where Bom had previously been staring at, Gyeoul was tilting her head near the fountain while cadets and adults watched her from the surroundings as if they found that cute. Bom had seemingly taken Gyeoul out for a walk.
Yu Jitae stared at them from a distance before slowly walking to the bench and sitting next to her.
“It’s been a while! I wasn’t expecting to see you here.”
“Did you sleep well?”
“Yes. I’ve gotten better now.”
The Regressor returned a light nod at the dragon’s words. Although they were seeing each other for the first time in a few days, that was the end of their conversation. As both himself and Bom were on the quiet side, this was how their conversation turned out every time.
In silence, the two of them watched Gyeoul surrounded by people.
“Aigo. So pretty.”
“Is her hair dyed? She’s like an angel really…”
They either made blank expressions while looking at her, or would speak up to the child. There were also those that gave Gyeoul lollies and candies.
However Gyeoul, who was hugging the blue bear, did not appear to be in a good mood. She didn’t smile or reply to them and even when they took candies out, she would ignore them after a glance and continue kicking the water with her feet.
“Little friend. Awhhh, howw old are youuu?”
Unable to hold back, one of the cadets asked a question with a lisp. But seeing that, Gyeoul made a frown as if she saw something that was harmful to her eyes and soon flicked her head away.
“Ukk…”
“Oi stop. She’s saying you’re disgusting.”
“No, what? She didn’t say that!”
They laughed.
Some of them, who had been secretly looking forward to Gyeoul’s reaction, were disappointed but since she was too pretty, they started talking to her again.
It was a peaceful moment.
While he was blankly watching that scene, Bom opened her mouth.
“Ahjussi.”
“Yeah.”
“When we are like this, we look like a family.”
Was that the case?
He couldn’t remember what family was like. Ever since he remembered, Yu Jitae had always been alone. But when he pondered about it, he thought that perhaps the emotions sent by the colleagues at his clone in the police station was similar to that of a family’s. Still, there was no way to confirm that guess.
“If that’s how things are, we would be a married couple.”
That was when Bom started talking nonsense.
“Gyeoul would be ahjussi’s daughter.”
He didn’t respond.
“And I will be her mother. How does that sound?”
Bom asked.
When he turned his head around, he found Bom’s eyes staring at himself and returned the gaze with an indifferent expression.
‘How does that sound’?
That was a perplexing question. He couldn’t think of what to say in response, as no suitable words popped up in his head.
Yu Jitae was definitely wearing an indifferent expression but somehow sensing the perplexity hidden within, Bom gently chuckled.
“It’s a joke.”
Meanwhile, some of the people went to a nearby kiosk and bought snacks. They then handed it over to Gyeoul.
“It’s a fairy floss. You tear it apart like this and eat it and, hmm! Aigo, so nice!”
The fairy floss ended up a failure. Gyeoul, who was suddenly made to grab the stick, didn’t hold it tightly enough as it fell inside the fountain. “Noo!” A regretful voice was heard.
“Do you want ice cream?”
Next up in line was ice cream but this too was a failure. The fairy floss looked like a cloud and caught some of her attention but unfortunately, the ice cream did not even get a glance from her. Dejected, the female staff shoved the ice cream into her own mouth.
Seeing that the sun was starting to set, Bom called out to Gyeoul.
“Gyeoul. Let’s go back.”
Hearing that, Gyeoul stopped splashing around with the water and turned around. The moody look on the baby’s face instantly brightened up the moment she saw Yu Jitae.
“Ah, do you want this?”
That was when Bom handed something to Yu Jitae. It was a little chestnut kernel.
“I found it on the way here. How about you give it to Gyeoul?”
Would a child eat something like this?
Thought Yu Jitae, but remembering how the taste buds of dragons were slightly strange, Yu Jitae quietly received it.
Then, while holding the chestnut, he reached his hand out at Gyeoul.
When he did, Gyeoul, who had not moved a foot away from the fountain up until now, quickly ran up with tottering feet and firmly grabbed the chestnut.
Seeing that, the onlookers gasped.
Ah, so the child liked chestnut…!
Chapter 28: Weekend at Unit 301 (2)
Wei Yan checked the list one more time.
There had been twelve candidates who passed the first audition and yet there were 13 names written on the list. When he slowly looked through the list of participants, a name entered his sight.
“Yu Kaeul…”
It was a familiar name and after looking it up, he realised that she was Yu Yeorum’s sister.
His expression crumpled viciously in an instant.
Yu Yeorum – it was an unpleasant name. If he had brought her into the Azure Dragon study group, it would have been the best possible case scenario. He had the confidence to raise her to be a top level cadet with full support both materially and spiritually.
And yet Yeorum badmouthed him with vulgar words and walked away.
After that, it was even worse.
Others spent tons of money or would treat some people with drinks to leave one line with their name on the media. However, Yu Yeorum spouted vulgar words to the reporters that came looking for her and disappeared as if she had no interest in such things – as if such things were worthless. For Wei Yan who lived while being immersed in the powers of the masses and the media, it was a fairly offensive attitude.
Not even realising that it’s an opportunity, and that it was something to be grateful for.
An immature red-haired kid…
The problem was that Yu Kaeul was Yu Yeorum’s sister. According to her profile, she was a blonde and was likewise so pretty that it aroused his greed. Just having her inside the study group would definitely get more spotlights from the media.
How did a child like this suddenly come in though?
“Producer Ha, it’s me.”
In curiosity, Wei Yan called Producer Ha Junsoo.
“There was a name I was seeing for the first time, you see.”
– Yes. You mean Cadet Yu Kaeul right?
The response came back immediately, as if he had been expecting it.
“Yes. It was a little baffling. She didn’t go through the audition like others so how did this friend come in?”
– I put her in.
“…What would that mean? There’s no way our straightforward producer got a heavier pocket or something right? Haha.”
– There must be some sort of reason right? Why are you curious about that?
His voice seemed to be drawing a line between them.
– I hope that cleared up your curiosity a little. Please don’t call me until the audition ends.
With those final words, Ha Junsoo hung up.
‘This impertinent…’
Anger soared up from the depths of his body. It heated up his stomach and rose up till it filled up his head.
It was when Wei Yan’s eyebrows were constantly twitching.
“Is anything wrong, professor?”
A cadet with black hair, wearing a uniform which was readjusted to have a lot of exposure on her own accord. When she, Gong Juhee, started a conversation with him, Wei Yan immediately flipped his expression and made a bright smile.
“Oh? Juhee, you came. It’s nothing. More importantly, did you see Alexey?”
“Of course.”
Alexey was the main declarer of last year’s entrance ceremony. Wei Yan had spent a tremendous amount of money to arrange a meeting with Gong Juhee through Alexey’s manager. However, Gong Juhee made a sneer after remembering back on the meeting.
“Well, it wasn’t much.”
“Really?”
“He told me to scream like a warrior but it didn’t really come across to me. All he had was a big body and a loud voice. Nothing but a bubble, in other words.”
“Mhmm, really? Even then, there should be some things to take in. Last year, there were also lots of amazing cadets and yet he was the one that made it through and stood on the stage. It would be beneficial to learn those emotions from him.”
In Russia, there was an assassin group of boys called ‘Xivian’ and Alexey was from that place. Ever since a young age, he had to step on top of the dead bodies of others to rise to the top.
“I don’t think there’s a need to. Is there anything I am lacking?”
With a confident voice, Gong Juhee laughed.
A renowned swordsmanship household – the Gong family was one of the top three famous households in Korea in terms of swordplay. Gong Juhee, who grew up while competing against countless brothers and sisters of the direct and the subsidiary descendents, had lots of faces.
“I received the best evaluation in the first audition as well right? Even if those guys come out again, they are all going to be at the same level. It’s like children playing around so why would I get nervous?”
“Right. This professor only believes in you, Juhee.”
“After the audition ends, just push the PR team to a corner please.”
“Of course.”
Wei Yan made eye contact with Gong Juhee’s guardian standing in the distance.
Thirteen was too much, but two or three were bound to give up on the audition themselves. As long as they had money, finding flaws and dirty rumours of others wasn’t even considered a task.
Receiving his gaze, the guardian returned a nod, signalling that things were going smoothly on their front as well. Seeing that, Wei Yan finally became at ease and turned around.
Last year, he had been exceptionally frustrated after missing out on the opportunity, but this year was different. Wei Yan decided to not worry about the means, whatever they may be, until the very end.
Now, until the day of the final audition,
There was only one day left.
***
Munch. Munch.
Gyeoul bit into the raw chestnut.
It was only possible because she was a dragon, despite being in the form of a human. Just like how squirrels ate acorns, she meticulously gnawed at the chestnut.
“Is it good?”
When Bom asked, Gyeoul threw a furtive glance to the side. Her glance ended up at the kitchen, where Yu Jitae, Yeorum and Kaeul were at. Fortunately, Yu Jitae wasn’t looking at herself so Gyeoul turned to Bom and slowly shook her head.
A raw chestnut wasn’t very nice.
Even then, she nibbled on the remaining chestnut.
“…”
Standing still like a statue, the protector quietly observed that scene. Bom did not even give it a glance but the protector was satisfied by merely watching.
– Ding Dong.
– Delivery!
Today’s dinner menu was jokbal.
Yeorum, Kaeul and Yu Jitae were sitting down in the dining room, eating their shares. Its brown, shiny appearance reminding others of puddings supplemented the deep smell of pork and the salty yet sweet scent of the sauce. Yeorum was holding and chewing on a large bone but would occasionally look at her side with a frown.
At the end of her gaze was Kaeul, trembling her fingers while holding a pair of chopsticks.
“Oi.”
“N, nn?”
“What are you doing?”
“What? W, what do you mean?”
“…”
Since last night, Kaeul’s situation was gradually turning for the worse. When Yu Jitae asked her why, a response “Me? I am normal though?” came back, and when translated, it meant that she was nervous just like how she had been for the admission interview.
However, this time, her nervousness appeared slightly worse than last time.
Drop.
The meat fell on the table and Kaeul tried to grab it again with the chopsticks but couldn’t hold a tight grip on it.
Drop.
It fell yet again.
“Aoh, this freakin.”
Yeorum bursted out in anger.
“Stop fucking around and eat with your damn hands!”
“Nn? Why?! I want to use chopsticks as well!”
After letting out a yell, Kaeul cautiously moved her fingers but the trembling did not stop. The piece of meat which travelled right up to her nose then fell around her chest area.
“Uah, my clothes! These are expensive!”
Startled, she agitatedly rose up and reached out for the tissues. However, perhaps due to twisting her foot against her own leg, she stepped on Yeorum’s foot before floundering her arms and shouting “Mummy!”. She hastily held the table next to her but ended up pressing on a side of a plate holding fermented slices of radish, which according to the laws of physics, ended up flying into the air.
The destination of the flying radish slices was Yeorum’s chin, but with her good reflexes, Yeorum dodged them with leisure.
“What a damn fiesta.”
“Uuh… Sorry. That was an accident…”
“Stop fucking around and sit down, before I actually get angry.”
“…”
Yu Jitae quietly placed a piece of meat into his mouth.
It was then.
One of the radish slices that had soared into the skies had been stuck on the bulb but it started falling down after every other piece had already done so. It was a perfect surprise attack as the piece of radish fell on Yeorum’s red hair.
Her hands holding the bone came to a stop.
“…”
Drop. Drop.
Following that was the sauce. It travelled down her forehead and rode down the bridge of the nose.
In that instant, Kaeul shot out of her seat in fright.
“Yu Kaeul.”
A deep, sunken voice escaped and Kaeul felt goosebumps rising all over her skin.
“N, nn…? I’m sorry unni…”
With an indifferent look on her face, Yeorum twitched her fingers and gestured to come closer.
“S, sorry. I’m sorry unni! It was an accident! S, save me!”
“…”
“M, m, muummm…!”
Kaeul escaped. And three seconds later, she was held captive near the shoe racks as she became a target of an arm bar technique. She resisted as much as she could while crying out “Uang!” but ended up on the ground with her head digging into the shoes.
Sitting down on her back, Yeorum opened her mouth.
“Oi, are you scared? Look at you trembling.”
“Uuh…”
“Why would you be scared? Why nervous? You are going to fail anyways.”
Although unknown whether her words were to abuse or to console, her words nonetheless continued for quite some time.
Meanwhile, Yu Jitae felt a slight doubt.
After syncing with his memories and emotions, Kaeul definitely had changed. Ahn Kimo, the owner of the public speech academy, changing his evaluations was enough of a proof. After seeing Kaeul, he asked, “But how did this happen?” and was visibly surprised. Even Yu Jitae who was clueless about public speeches also felt a previously nonexistent charisma existing inside Kaeul.
Naturally, he thought she would be happy but that wasn’t the case. On the way back from the lesson, she complained to Yu Jitae, in nervousness, that she couldn’t synchronise herself with Yu Jitae. He thought she was doing a good job but in response to his words, the baby chicken merely responded by saying, “This isn’t it though…” and tilted her head.
It was questionable for him.
If need be, Yu Jitae had been planning to reduce the number of contestants through other methods but when he asked Bom regarding it, she replied by saying that it would have negative results in the long run. Since it was a result that came from reading Providence, Yu Jitae decided to take her words in.
That seemed impossible so everything was now in Kaeul’s hands.
Tomorrow, would she be able to pull it off?
*
Kaeul most likely was extremely anxious. She was murmuring to herself despite the clock hitting past midnight before suddenly turning quiet.
Yu Jitae closed his ears immediately after and was in the middle of spending another sleepless night.
With a creak, the door was pushed open in darkness and he opened his eyes.
“Ahjussi…”
“…”
“Can I come in?”
It was Kaeul.
“Come in.”
After giving a nod, she stealthily entered his room.
“Why.”
“That, the… umm, it’s… uhh…”
She hesitated and was unable to continue her words but soon closed her mouth shut. Then, she opened her mouth with a sigh.
“I’m nervous, by a liiittle bit.”
“About not making it past the audition?”
“No, no, no. Failing is okay but…”
“Then what.”
“…I’m worried about making a mistake because of nervousness. If I can’t even perform like my practices…”
Her voice was soft, as if it was crawling on the ground.
“Is there anything difficult?”
“…Yes. I can’t fully understand the emotions yet. No, instead it feels like I lost it after grabbing it once. I definitely knew it but…”
As expected, it was the most difficult part that was proving to be a problem.
After some contemplation, Yu Jitae called her closer in.
“Come here.”
She slowly walked closer. As moonlight entered through the window, Kaeul’s endlessly quivering fingertips received the spotlight. And when she approached a step further in, a serious expression which had never been seen before entered his sight.
“Do you want to hear it one more time? The story of that friend.”
“…..Yes.”
Yu Jitae tapped the empty spot on top of the bed with his hand.
She walked up and lied down on the bed next to him, and with trembling hands, she carefully held onto his wrist. Closing his eyes, the Regressor once again reflected back on the memories of the distant past and until daybreak, he continued telling her the story.
And when day finally approached,
Her hands were no longer trembling.
Chapter 29: Declarer Selection (1)
That morning was the same as every other morning.
In order to feel a daily life, the clone had gone to work and the protector was in the middle of washing dishes. And Yu Jitae prepared himself by only wearing some clean clothes. If not for Kaeul, today would have been the same peaceful day as any other.
Sitting down in the living room in front of Kaeul, Bom showed off her skills. After tapping a few creams on the skin, she used an eyeliner, mascara, shadower, curler and tens of other tools and messed around for almost one full hour.
Since her actions all seemed so natural, he asked and it seemed that she had learnt it back in Europe.
“Smile. Cheese.”
“…Cheese.”
A pink blush was added on Kaeul’s cheeks and soon after that, a deeper colour was added to her lips. Gyeoul glanced back and forth between Kaeul’s face and the cosmetics, as if she found it intriguing.
“Phew. Finished. Would you like to have a look and tell us how it is, ahjussi?”
“Alright.”
Bom removed her hands that had been blocking Kaeul’s face. Slowly, the baby chicken opened her eyes.
The atmosphere around her was different. Usually, she had an innocent, bright appearance albeit looking slightly foolish but after the makeup was over, she looked surprisingly calm.
“Uwah… is this really me?”
“Un. Does it look okay?”
“Unni! How about you become the owner of a cosmetics shop?”
But the look of surprise on her face as she looked at the mirror, was undoubtedly Kaeul’s.
Yu Jitae took all of them outside and today, even Yeorum who would stay holed up in her room, followed them wearing sweats.
They headed for the venue where the declaration audition will be held.
On the way to the academy campus via taxi after leaving the residential area, Kaeul’s eyes still remained on the script.
The taxi slid by as it headed for the venue.
A weekday morning. Despite currently being the school holidays, there were lots of people commuting to work and the surroundings were bustling with people. But since the audition itself would not be broadcasted, silence welcomed them inside the actual venue.
There was a small stage inside that place.
They did come ten minutes earlier, but it seemed that they were comparatively late. When they opened the door, dozens of gazes pierced through them. There were contestants – the cadets, people belonging in the same households or study groups as the cadets and their guardians but it was obvious that their gazes weren’t friendly.
“What are you looking at? Are you here for sightseeing?”
In response to Yeorum’s words, some of them avoided eye contact while some formed frowns.
“Yeorum.”
Bom restricted her words.
After they sat themselves down in a corner, cadets each formed small groups of their own and started chattering. They talked about how they practised as well as who they received support from. It appeared so natural to the point that they all seemed to be acquaintances.
Yu Jitae’s hazy eyes that had been blankly looking at that scene suddenly regained its focus. Near the seats allocated for guardians, Wei Yan was looking at him.
“The participating cadet, please come this way and that way for guardians please!”
Leaving the words, “I’ll do my best”, Kaeul left alone with a worried expression while Yu Jitae rose up from his seat and headed to the guardians’ seats.
His seat just happened to be right next to Wei Yan’s. Wearing an amicable smile, he welcomed Yu Jitae.
“It’s been a while, Mister Yu Jitae. Have you been well?”
“It’s been a while.”
“I was slightly surprised because I hadn’t seen you in the first audition. Let’s watch how our cadets perform together.”
Wei Yan reached his hand out and Yu Jitae grabbed it without saying a word. For an instant, he had the urge to put strength into his hand and crush Wei Yan’s hand but it was bearable. He naturally let go of the hand and interlocked his hands together.
“Meeting at a place like this has to be some kind of fate as well. How about you also greet other guardians over here?”
After saying that, he suddenly turned his head around to the other guardians and introduced Yu Jitae by saying, “Everyone. This here is Mister Yu Jitae, the guardian.”
“Ah, yes.”
“We’ve been hearing lots about you.”
In general, their eyes were hostile, most likely because Kaeul suddenly entered the final audition. One of the guardians who was laughing to himself sat back down in embarrassment when someone tapped his shoulders. They might have heard something about himself.
However, he did not care too much about it. More importantly, there were only nine guardians here, instead of thirteen which should have been the case.
The atmosphere arounds the cadets was the same as the guardians.
“Hey.”
An Asian female cadet with a black hair called out to Kaeul. The ends of her eyes were raised high but the expression on her face was amiable. It was a face Yu Jitae knew of – Gong Juhee.
“Nn. Hi.”
“Yeah. Who are you? I didn’t see anyone like you during the first audition.”
“I’m called Yu Kaeul. And you?”
“No, what I asked isn’t your name, but how you ended up here.”
“Ah, the producer suggested that I try the audition so…”
“Producer? Who.”
Kaeul shared Ha Junsoo’s name.
“That’s strange. Your house must be quite wealthy or something?”
Were they? Kaeul thought but soon gave a ‘hehe’ smile.
“I don’t know.”
The amiable expression crumbled slightly.
“Well, that’s how it looks at least. Look at your skin. You seem to have painted some money on the face as well. Tell me if there’s a decent shop nearby.”
“Nn? What’s that?”
“Huh? Everyone will know which one you used anyways.”
“Mhmm…… I don’t know.”
When Kaeul once again gave a ‘hehe’ smile, faint annoyance appeared on Gong Juhee’s face with an expression that seemed to be questioning the sort of person in front of her. She scoffed before soon continuing her sentence.
“Well, whatever. More than that, you look innocent but you seem quite thick-skinned.”
“…Nn?”
“Everyone here other than you all took the first audition and made it through.”
“Ah, nn.”
“And it seems that you don’t even feel apologetic to them?”
“…..?”
In an instant, the friendly look on her face was flipped around. Her expression resembled a sharp blade and even the cadets standing behind her were wearing similar looks.
“If I were you, I would be feeling super sorry. Some of them would have taken lessons and pulled all nighters to prepare for the first audition, and take the test in nervousness to stand here but someone here is relying solely on their face and is saying carefree words like ‘The producer told me to~’, right?”
“Ah…”
“Well, I’m fine with it, but others might hate that you know?”
Confusion appeared on Kaeul’s face and pushed into a corner, the baby chicken spoke in awkwardness.
“Umm, uh, sorry…”
“No? It’s nothing. I’m not particularly saying this to make you say sorry. Maybe you are just the type of person that doesn’t feel sorry in situations like this, right?”
“……?”
“Well, that might be a bit different from common sense and I was just saying that because you weren’t saying anything. I’m okay.”
Then, she smiled as if she was truly feeling okay. Stuck between a rock and a hard place, Kaeul had no idea what to do.
She was completely pushed back in the fight of nerves.
“Ah, and…”
It was when Gong Juhee was about to continue her sentence with those words.
“Oi.”
“…?”
Hearing a rough voice, Gong Juhee turned her head around and found a girl wearing blue sweats.
An unusual thing was perhaps the fact that her hair was bright red like burning flames and that she came to the participants’ section, despite not being a candidate, abruptly from the family seats.
“What is it?”
“Come outside a little.”
“Why should I? And more importantly, who are you?”
“Come outside.”
“Are your ears okay? What are you?”
“You’re not coming?”
Then, her hand immediately reached forth as she tried to grab Gong Juhee by her hair. Right before her quick hands could reach Gong Juhee’s hair, Yu Jitae, who appeared before anyone could realise, held onto Yeorum’s wrist.
“…!”
Yu Jitae, who had been planning to observe the situation, stood up the moment he found Yeorum standing up. He then watched the situation unfold before intervening.
There were eyes of surprise stabbing him from the sides but Yu Jitae nonetheless opened his mouth.
“Guys. Let’s go outside and see Team Leader Yong for a bit.”
“Ah, Team Leader Yong? Uwah!”
Sensing the unusual atmosphere, Kaeul nodded her head and pulled Yeorum out.
“L, let’s go, unni.”
Yeorum, who regained her rationality, got rid of her aura. She then faced a bright smile at Gong Juhee.
“Hoh? Oh my, sorry. That was a mistake just then. Black-haired unni. I was just trying to touch your hair because it was so pretty. You understand right?”
“You, you…!”
Having previously read the killing intent oozing out of her, Gong Juhee scowled and returned a rather fierce aura herself. She screamed from the bottom of her lungs.
“Don’t lie. Do you think I didn’t see your hand tensing up just then?!”
“That’s a misunderstanding, okay. I was just chasing a mosquito away.”
“…!”
Then, Yeorum made a nasal sound going ‘uuing’ to imitate a mosquito. Her expression appeared tremendously annoying.
Deciding that he couldn’t watch on any further, Yu Jitae opened his mouth.
“Yu Yeorum.”
“Aigoo. Yes. Our ahjussi is calling us. Shall we go, my dear sister?”
“Ah, nn. Team Leader might be waiting for us.”
Yu Jitae took the two outside and on the way out, he found Gong Juhee’s guardian glaring at himself with discomfort but there wasn’t anything particular apart from that.
It appeared that he had blocked it at the appropriate time.
“Fucking bitch. A bitch with a snake instead of a tongue. I just want to crush her damn head.”
The moment they walked outside, Yeorum let out profanities before walking somewhere else while fuming with her nose.
He looked at Kaeul.
“Are you alright.”
“Yes. Thank you ahjussi. Phew… I was a bit surprised because this is the first time something like this happened.”
“If you can’t handle it, we can stop and go back home.”
“No we can’t! I practised so much just for today.”
Her expression that appeared as if she had been pushed into a corner had vanished before long, as Kaeul made a bright smile.
“I can do it well.”
*
Until the actual start of the audition, Yu Jitae stood next to Kaeul and waited together. Despite throwing glances at them with displease, other contestants didn’t approach them as if there was an invisible wall in the middle.
Gong Juhee’s guardian likewise stood next to Yu Jitae and would sometimes observe him with a glance of discomfort.
– The declaration audition will now begin.
Along with the words of one of the staff members, the audition began.
There were three seats for judges. On the left side, there was the person in charge of member selections and the far right belonged to a bigshot from Lair’s education department.
And lastly, Producer Ha Junsoo was sitting down in the middle.
With a stubborn expression and a messy beard, Ha Junsoo stared at the contestants as if he didn’t like any of the ones present.
Soon, the first cadet walked up and started the declaration.
While the declaration continued, Yu Jitae had an odd feeling. It felt as if the scent of the abyss was seeping into his nose and the back of his neck felt cold.
It was a sense based on his instincts.
[Eyes of Equilibrium (SS)]
His eyes discerned good and evil.
There was no-one problematic amongst the staff members. Although the person in charge of member selections was a slight evil, that was within the standards of average people. Even Ha Junsoo slightly leaned towards evil.
The issue was the person that came after those two – the third person sitting down as one of the judges.
Oh Minsung, a high-ranking teaching staff member from Lair. His nature hanging on the Eyes of Equilibrium was absolute evil.
Despite the long years, the standards of good and evil weren’t yet clear. Very rarely there were some within humans that were more evil than demons. Even he, himself, would appear to be absolute evil when looking through a mirror.
But in situations like this, it was highly probable that the opponent was a demon.
Around that point in time, the first cadet’s declaration met its end and the judges started sharing their opinions on the declaration.
While thoughtlessly listening to the words that left their mouths, Yu Jitae turned his gaze away. Feeling his gaze, Wei Yan returned a faint smile before looking back at the stage.
That teaching staff from Lair, was most likely related to Wei Yan, and his organisation ‘Undetectables’. That was the Regressor’s instinct.
After roughly understanding the situation, he felt his heart start faintly burning up within.
It was an anxiety that remained in a corner of his heart despite being carried around by daily life.
The questions, ‘Is it okay to be this complacent’ and ‘There are so many things that must be crushed to death right now, so in the midst of the daily lives, shouldn’t those that should be killed, be killed at least’ floated within his head in the form of anxiety.
Those resurfaced inside his head yet again.
Currently, there were two existences before him that seemed to be demons and watching them made a certain emotion boil up in his heart. What if I call them outside and pull their chins out? Then, he could slash their eyes like sashimi and give them two opportunities. To name the members of Undetectables and the names of demons being currently nurtured.
His rationality told him that it would be impossible as demons were more stubborn than one might think. However, the anxiety rising up from his lower stomach, that filthy rage was urging him to be emotional.
Thus, if his eyes hadn’t met Gyeoul’s, who was in Bom’s embrace, there was a low possibility of him losing to that urge.
Perhaps she had been watching him for a long time, but the moment their eyes met, Gyeoul formed a bright smile.
‘You have to look forward.’
He gestured with his mouth.
When he did, she made a sullen look and turned her head away after a few nods.
Only then did Yu Jitae heave out a deep sigh. Although the hot feeling remained burning inside his heart, it felt like he could withstand the urge now for some reason.
And while the Regressor was in the middle of containing his rash actions, Gong Juhee who had been the fifth in line finished her declaration as resonating claps echoed in response.
“Uwahhh!”
“Iya! You did well!”
From his side, Wei Yan also rose up from his seat and clapped. It was a reaction miles different from other candidates.
– Wah, as expected, it was good. Even better than the first audition.
– Mhmm…
– That’s the best with no questions asked. I would like to give that cadet 10 out of 10.
He could hear the voices of the judges.
Of all things, Kaeul was next in line and Yu Jitae left his seat to walk up to her.
“Yu Kaeul.”
“…”
Despite him calling her, there was no response.
Quietly and slowly, her golden eyes turned and met his eyes. That was the expression he saw on her face when he told Kaeul about his memories of the second regression for the first time.
Why was she like this again?
He thought but soon realised something.
Kaeul’s expression, was the spitting image of his previous self.
He who had to submit before enormous strength;
He who had to kill his loved one with his own hands;
He who cursed his own powerlessness more than the world – the expression of that young Yu Jitae was embedded in Kaeul’s face.
– Sixth contestant, Cadet Yu Kaeul. Please come up the stage.
Slowly, Kaeul raised herself up.
Chapter 30: Declarer Selection (2)
Kaeul had changed in the blink of an eye.
The change wasn’t limited to her expression. Her eyes facing him had a hint of shadow within and the pressure being given off by her body was calm, yet aggressive.
That too, was similar to how Yu Jitae had been in the distant past.
“…”
After gently lowering her head once, she walked past Yu Jitae and headed towards the stage. Cadets standing in the front row glared at Kaeul and voices going, “She can’t even tell when not to chime in” were heard but Kaeul did not show any reaction in response.
On the stairs leading up to the top of the stage, Gong Juhee blocked Kaeul from the front.
“Did you see that?”
“…”
“Unlike someone, I had been practising for months. How was it? Quite nice?”
Without responding, Kaeul looked up at Gong Juhee with a hazy gaze. Seeing that, Gong Juhee clicked her tongue once before moving to the side and walking down the stairs.
“Know your place.”
Letting her words go through one ear and out the other, Kaeul once again carried her slow steps over the stairs and stood on top of the stage, in front of the mic. The teaching staff, Oh Minsung, who had been looking at her profile, was the first to open his mouth.
“You applied for both the main and the supporting declarer positions, right?”
“…Yes.”
“There weren’t any records written from the first audition so I was asking to double-check.”
He then scanned Yu Kaeul with his eyes. In order to add more words, he started another sentence with, “Ehh, and…” but Ha Junsoo waved his hand to intervene.
“Ah, don’t worry about that. Please start immediately from the first declaration.”
Oh Minsung made a frown.
Kaeul closed her eyes and at an extremely slow pace, she breathed in and out.
Declaration 1. Fall of Nations.
Human race who were made to face monsters in the everchanging period of time called New Era.
Within the confusion, a certain girl had lost her parents and siblings.
A declaration of her clamor to the world, was now flowing out from Kaeul’s lips.
*
[Thirty-nine countries vanished from the map.]
It was the same in every field. After exceeding a certain threshold and reaching a certain level, one could comprehend others from the smallest of the hints.
[The origin of the human race written on papyrus, tainted with blood, was brought to an indiscernible state. A new era approached our human race, but we were yet to be prepared for an impending catastrophe arriving without warning.]
Merely two segments had left Yu Kaeul’s lips but in that moment, Ha Junsoo was certain that his own decision had not been wrong.
There was a sensation hitting him. That certain feeling which rose up from the tip of his feet passed by his waist and hung on his fingers.
While directing the stage, Ha Junsoo had always been thinking that his greed was too excessive.
He had always been wishing for a perfect stage – a performance that could enrapture the minds of the audience and have their hearts boil.
But throughout his entire career, such experiences could be counted with his fingers. Even those weren’t atmospheres formed by individuals but were natural results created with the stage itself coming to life.
Perhaps it was impossible for humans to convey emotions above a certain threshold to other humans. That was a doubt that always remained in a corner of Ha Junsoo’s head.
Until today, that had been the case.
[Moonlight to daylight; herbivores to carnivores; labourers to the rich; macroscopically speaking the entire universe and at a microscopic level, the microorganisms crawling between fingers. The weak have always been hunted by the strong leaving no traces behind, and had to depend on acquiring skills to keep their lives.]
As Yu Kaeul’s declaration continued, Ha Junsoo slowly felt his greed being fulfilled.
Yu Kaeul was expressing the sorrow of those that had lost their loved ones, in a manner so calm that it was heart-wrenching.
That was different from a weeping sorrow. It was the voice of a person who’s state of mind was so worn down after countless weathering, to the point that there were no visible fluctuations. Her voice was like a smoke that used her own life as its fuel.
How could she express emotions like that? Ha Junsoo could not understand.
Thus, he tried to analyse it at the start. Since emotions that were the closest to the answer was there right before his eyes, he wanted to learn from it.
But after some time, he came to himself in shock. Due to being absorbed by the declaration itself, he had already forgotten about analysing it.
After returning back to reality, Producer Ha Junsoo made a tight fist.
Right, that’s how it should be at the very least.
Only at this level, can someone say in front of top-level superhumans from all around the globe, facing the entire world, that they would protect humanity. This was the underlying requirement for that declaration.
It was when Producer Ha Junsoo was feeling like he was at the climax, clenching his teeth.
Yu Kaeul’s first declaration came to an end.
“…”
“…”
The reaction was completely different from Gong Ju Hee’s stage and everything was silent, including the judges to those watching from a distance.
Clap clap clap.
That was when a soft, adorable sound of applause was heard. It was from Gyeoul, who was in Bom’s arms clapping from the family seats.
Only then did a small commotion occur in the entire venue as if a magic spell had been lifted. Some gave claps while some noisily chatted with another.
Finishing the declaration, Kaeul remained standing on the spot, without a single light of nervousness or relief on her face.
She stood still, and merely watched Ha Junsoo.
Around that point in time, Yu Jitae opened his ears up.
– Wah, that was really good though?
That evaluation was from the leftmost seat, the person in charge of member selection.
– Diction; vocalisation; they were all good and the expression was… how should I say it, it wasn’t the orthodox way but was unique and good.
– It was.
– Auh, it just drove me in. See these goosebumps over here?
Yu Jitae stared at them with Eyes of Equilibrium.
Hanging on the favourability scale from the left was great favourability, to absolute favourability in the middle, and absolute hate on the right. Only the teaching staff member was showing intense hostility.
– But then again, there is still something that is a bit of a shame.
– What is it?
– Her face is attracting too much attention and feels like the actual substance is getting downplayed.
– Is that so?
– But then, intentionally wearing bad makeup is weird as well so, hmm…
Unexpectedly, Ha Junsoo who held the biggest favourability remained quiet as he listened to the opinions. That was when the teaching staff member chimed in.
– I think she’s just not up to par.
– Sorry?
Ha Junsoo raised his voice for the first time.
– What are you saying?
Wearing an expression that showed his discontent, Oh Minsung replied.
– In general, it didn’t receive a popular reaction from the masses. Did you not see the reaction from family seats? There weren’t any gasps of admiration and such.
– They are just bystanders.
– Producer Ha. Isn’t our target audience those bystanders? The most important thing is how things are perceived from the general populace, so how could you ignore that?
– No, I’m not saying we should ignore them.
Their opinions were in a disagreement.
Meanwhile, the other contestants were wearing gloomy expressions. Despite being of similar ages, their levels were different and it was safe to say that the expressible range of emotions were leagues apart. In the middle of her declaration, Kaeul appeared like a soldier who had gone through all sorts of battles for dozens of years.
Due to that, Gong Juhee’s face was already filled with malice. Sitting on the corner of the contestant seats, she glared daggers at Kaeul while biting on her fingernails, as if she wanted to kill with her glare.
Despite that, Oh Minsung remained stubborn. After having a dispute for a long time, Ha Junsoo heaved out a sigh with a stiffened expression.
– What score did you give to Cadet Kaeul.
– I gave 4.5
– Despite giving 9.8 to Cadet Gong Juhee?
– Because that instead appealed more to the populace.
– …
– Hmm. Then, what about you Mister member selector? What score did you give her?
– Yes? Ah, right. I gave 8.1. My immersion was broken once due to her face. Even then, this is the highest score I gave today.
Yu Kaeul’s total score was 21.5
8.1 / 9 / 4.5
While Gong Juhee’s score was 22.7
6.8 / 6.1 / 9.8
That was when Ha Junsoo opened his mouth to break the silence.
– Mister Oh, haa…
With a gaze filled with annoyance, he glanced at the teaching staff member.
– If I knew your opinion would differ so much from me, I would have rejected it when the education department wanted to send someone in.
– What?
– Or like, do you have something private going on with Cadet Gong Juhee?
– What? What absurd words are you…!
– …
– That is a very offensive sentence. I am a proxy from the education department. Towards me, who try my hardest to create the best face for Lair, how could you say such a ridiculous thing!
Ha Junsoo opened his mouth again with a sigh.
– Then let’s compare them directly.
– Directly?
– We will have the two of them stand together.
– That, good! Well, why not?
The freshmen declaration consisted of three acts.
Act 1. [Fall of Nations] by Supporting Declarer 1
Act 2. [History of Battles] by Supporting Declarer 2
Act 3. [Future of the Universe] by the Main Declarer
Amongst these, the one that received the most spotlight was by far the third act. With four times the quantity of Act 1 and Act 2, it contained a final message of hope while the first two acts focused on the horrible past.
After that, the declaration continued from the seventh down to the ninth cadet. They performed decently and received a few rounds of applause for the sake of it but there weren’t any points worthy of attention.
Just like that, the first, second and third ranks were all decided.
Usually, this would be enough to decide on the main declarer and the two supporting declarers.
– Cadet Gong Juhee, please come up to the stage.
In response to the words of a staff member, Gong Juhee with a relaxed expression walked up and stood next to Yu Kaeul.
But after hearing the decision of the judges that they would compare the two of them, Gong Juhee could not control her facial expression.
Although the staff Oh Minsung, who was oblivious in the field, was stubborn, she had already presumed her defeat. So as their declarations continued, Gong Juhee’s expression gradually got worse and worse.
After being compared like that, the results were made clear. In regards to the depths of the expressible emotions, Gong Juhee could not even reach a quarter of Yu Kaeul’s ability.
– It’s good, so what! I still think Cadet Gong Juhee looks better.
However, Staff Oh Minsung remained stubborn and it was now to the point that the other staff members and the audience sitting in the family seats were feeling embarrassed themselves. Ha Junsoo, who had been enduring it, dropped the profile in his hands as the paper landed on top of the table.
“I heard that the education department will be sending someone so I was curious who would be coming but, wow. To think they would send someone this illiterate.”
Ha Junsoo let out a laugh. Soon after, a bomb-like statement left his mouth.
“Mister Oh Minsung, stand up please.”
“…?”
When bafflement appeared on Oh Minsung’s expression, Ha Junsoo continued with a growl.
“Do you not understand what I’m saying? Let me tell you again. Leave. Right now–!”
A sharp-tempered yell shook the audition venue.
Glaring at him, Oh Minsung stood up from his seat. Whether he liked it or not, this was within the area of a producer and there was no way for him to immediately resist his command.
Insulted in front of others, he glared at Ha Junsoo and Yu Kaeul with a ferocious glare before walking away.
The audition venue was immediately filled with silence.
Soon, whispers like ‘what’, ‘what’s happening’, ‘are the judges fighting?’ and ‘what about the audition then?’ started spreading across like the breeze.
That was when Ha Junsoo placed his mouth next to the mic and opened his mouth.
– Ah, thanks to all the contestants that volunteered, for all your efforts. Instead of announcing it at a later date, let me announce the results right now. Cadet Yu Kaeul was chosen to be the main declarer. Please give her a round of applause.
What returned wasn’t a loud round of applause but there weren’t any doubtful gazes like before. They had realised that Yu Kaeul’s declaration was at a whole new level after a comparison with Gong Juhee, who had been the prime candidate for the position.
But then, who would be the remaining supporting declarer?