
“The most important thing in magic is to establish one’s own world. But that’s easier said than done, right? It can be said that the spiritual and physical body are completely separate worlds. This is the reason why most middle schools teach magic that mediates the body and unifies the spiritual and the physical.”

I held my finger up and channelled magic into it. I could feel the mana flow up through my veins. I raised my right hand up and then did the same with my left hand, before finally tapping my palm, as if I were playing a drum.

“You will now witness a demonstration by a proficient teacher. Now, watch. Set, and check.”

The appropriate movements and the chants, combined with the fruits of the State’s rationalism could manifest magic with just the proper preparations without needing any extensive knowledge in the field.

0 level magic.

“Bolt.”

An electric current sparked from my index finger. After releasing the spark, I rubbed it against the back of my arm to discharge it.

“Fahrenheit.”

A flame formed on my middle finger. The flame didn’t keep its shape and spread everywhere, so I had to extinguish it by waving my finger around.

“Acrus.”

My ring finger became covered in ice. It was originally supposed to just gather moisture, and even a slight mistake could freeze my finger. I grabbed it with my other hand to thaw the ice off.

“Pascal.”

Air burst off my pinky finger.

Phew. My life achievement of being at the top of my year in middle school isn’t failing me anytime soon… Even though I used mind reading to achieve it.

I extended my arms out and proudly proclaimed.

“These are just the basics. Unifying your body to shoot magic out of your fingertips… The best part of this type of magic is that you don’t have to use mental imagery to perform it!”

｢…Your fingers are bleeding.｣

The vampire said as she pointed at my hand. I looked at the fingers I had used to perform the magic.

The index finger I had discharged electricity from was cramping up.

The middle finger I had shot flames from was charred black.

The ring finger I had frozen had now swollen up.

And the pinky finger I had shot air from was now red and wrinkly.

‘Ah, now that I think about it, this hurts more than I thought it would. Four kinds of pain are pulsing through my body, so it’s kind of hard to accurately express it. But I can’t reveal that I’m in pain. Otherwise, my bluff would be called out.’

So I kept up my act with no change in expression and continued speaking.

“Like I said, magic is the act of overwriting the fundamental laws of the universe.”

｢So that’s what you did.｣

“I just overwrote the laws by using my body as the medium. On my index finger, the law that static electricity would be more powerfully discharged; on my middle finger, the law that fire would burn at a way lower temperature; on my ring finger, the law that objects are more hydrophilic; on my pinky finger; the law that wind blows stronger than it usually would in the world around us.”

It was basic magic that manifested at a local level. And that was exactly what 0 level magic was.

I opened my hand to show the evidence.

“These are the results.”

The vampire showed great curiosity.

｢It is definitely interesting. But must you always hurt your fingers while performing the magic?｣

“It can’t be helped, as I am using my body as the medium. It just so happened that the place where the laws of the world were overwritten were at my fingertips, so it’s only natural that my body takes the sufficient backlash.”

I hid my injured fingers behind my back and kept explaining.

“Magic using your body as the medium is incomplete as you have witnessed first-hand. So normally, people look for mediums other than their own body. Such as a staff, a wand, or even a familiar. They say that once you reach the peak of magic, you would be capable of molding the laws themselves. But I have never seen it first-hand. Also, they say that the more skilled you become, the wider your range of magic gets. It would be around this stage when you will be able to manifest miraculous feats.”

As I finished my explanation…

“It’s only middle school level.”

I’m getting used to the Regressor’s sharp comments.

I shrugged before speaking.

“Well, that’s because it really is just a middle-school-level topic.”

“Yeah. It’s just some useless information with an even weaker delivery.”

“Because it’s the basics. Compare it to the multiplication tables in mathematics.”

“Sure. You covered all the basics, and it’s impressive speed and completion for 0 level magic. But for someone like you who can only use body mediation magic, I don’t think you can show us anything more than that.”

There was a sense of superiority complex in her childish smirk.

No, it can’t be. Is the Regressor really feeling challenged by me? This is ridiculous. You’re a professional life-liver with thirteen lives under your belt. I’m just an amateur when compared to you. If you really do want to compete against me, why don’t you come at me fair and square on your first cycle?

“Magic isn’t my profession or specialty.”

“Hmph. Magic isn’t my specialty either, but I can use strategy level magic.”

“Oh, can you, now?”

“And you’re just done with illusionary level magic. Heh. I wonder if this is a difference in talent.”

Aren’t you embarrassed of yourself? Pretending like all the magic you’ve gathered through your multiple lives was a result of your ‘talent’?

Does she even have a conscience?

“If you really achieved that yourself, then it would definitely be due to a difference in talent.”

Saying that, I shot a cold glare at her. Then, she shrank away and decided to stay quiet.

「…Sure, these are skills I got from dying and regressing, but regressing is also a skill. So it should be okay to boast about it! Yeah! Regressing is an ability! It’s part of my skillset!」

Thankfully, she does seem to have a conscience since she’s trying to justify herself. People who don’t have a conscience don’t even try to justify themselves. So in that sense, it seems that she does know embarrassment.

The Regressor stopped and turned to the vampire.

“Tyrkanzyaka. I’ll teach you magic. I’d definitely be more competent than this guy.”

Hearing that, the vampire carefully asked the Regressor a question. It was more so because she had no choice but to ask this unfortunate question.

｢But didn’t you only graduate from primary school?｣

“I told you, I didn’t go to middle school because I didn’t need to!｣

｢Ah, yes. That is right. It is fine, child. I don’t really mind.｣

The vampire was trying to be nice. However, she was trying so hard to be nice that the person on the receiving end could tell what she was thinking. The Regressor’s hand quivered.

「I… I’m starting to realize why that man was treating her like an old woman」

I told you so. She’s an elder. It doesn’t matter if you take it in a good way or a bad way.

The vampire kept glancing at me and continued the conversation.

｢Do you really have to graduate? Can’t you just show us here now…｣

“Magic is a secret weapon. Something I built for myself from the ground up. While it is my strength, it is also my weakness. I can’t just show it to anyone.”

｢But did he not show us his magic?｣

“Don’t compare mine to something like that! That was some standard State magic. It’s magic that anyone can use under the right requirements! My magic is unique. It’s high-level magic that only I can use!”

｢Ah, hm. I understand, I understand. Now, let us go.｣

The Regressor stomped out of the room, with the black coffin floating along behind her. The vampire kept glancing at me as she left.

「Magic that anyone can use… Is that not more incredible? Hm. I do not know. I do not know any of it」

She really spent her years well. She was quite wise.

「Even so, for a dead woman like me… I wouldn’t be able to use even that kind of magic」

‘…Well, I hope you two try your best. The Regressor is probably overjoyed to teach you magic, so even if she does disappoint, I’m just glad my workload has been reduced… Huh? Wait. I feel like I’ve forgotten something… Oh yeah, my money! My two pieces of Alchemic Gold!’

I hurriedly ran after them and shouted.

“Trainee Shei! Where’s my payment?!”

But all that came back was a tired response.

“Tyrkanzyaka’s going to learn from me now. Why would she pay you?”

“You said you’ll give me two pieces of Alchemic Gold! Are you going to break your promise?”

“Promise?”

The Regressor spun around, looked at me, and smirked.

“Let me give you a piece of advice. No matter who you dealt with or how much you were supposed to get, until that money is in your pocket, it isn’t yours.”

“What kind of nonsense is that?! If you say that you’ll give it, you should give it!”

“Just be satisfied with the first piece. That’s worth a fortune on its own… Well, for you, that is.”

The Regressor left with a smile, walking off cheerfully.

If I were to express her thoughts just then as simply as possible, it would be akin to blowing a raspberry.

Quite aggravated, I huffed and puffed back into the classroom.

“How dare she trick me!”

‘I’ve always tricked people, but never have I been tricked myself. I even thought about giving them the other half of the content for free! But they changed their minds after hearing all that! I hate fickle people like this the most. People like them who don’t plan ahead and make things up as they go. How can I know anything if your thoughts keep changing every second?! Predicting a stormy wave on the ocean would be easier than reading that!’

“For me to be hearing those words… Damn it!”

‘I don’t know why, but I was royally pissed off.’

As I slammed the door shut…

“Woof.”

…I heard an unsatisfied bark. I turned my head to see Azzy who was sulking and shaking her tail while lying on her belly in the back corner.

It was her way of telling me that she was getting bored. I didn’t even need to read a dog’s mind to know what they were thinking.

I extended my hand in frustration.

“What? What do you want?”

“Woof.”

“That’s it for today. Go back to your room.”

“Woof.”

“Why? You think you’re the only one who’s angry? I’m also quite angry. Also, my fingers hurt, so I’m not in the mood to play with you right now. Go…”

As I was bluntly replying to her, Azzy stood up and slowly came towards me. She kept showing her dissatisfaction as she got closer.

‘This animal. You’re trying to tell me “I want to apologize even if I’ve done nothing wrong,” huh? You think I’ll accept that?’

“Can’t you see my fingers? I told you they’re hurt.”

I scolded her as I showed off my multicolored fingers. Azzy looked at them in a weirdly sympathetic way and started to lick them.

“Huh? Are you licking them because they’re hurt?”

Azzy kept licking without an answer. Her slick tongue licked one of my fingers. A warm and soft feeling massaged my digit. As I tried to scrunch my face, I saw her kind gesture and relaxed my face.

“You…”

Animals often licked their injuries. It was to stop infections, because it itched, or sometimes because it was the only thing they could do about it.

However, for a conceptual being like a Beast King, the act of licking oneself carried a generalistic healing power. It may not be effective on all injuries, but it was said to be more effective than applying a potion.

“You’re healing me.”

“Woof.”

After quietly replying with a bark, Azzy thoroughly licked my remaining fingers. Even though her nature was that of a dog, she had a human form. Her fleshy tongue dug through every nook and cranny.

People compared anger to a fire. It seemed that they had some basis. As the fingers got wet, the anger within me got extinguished.

Sigh.

‘Yeah. What do I even get from being angry?’

I pulled my hand back, creating a string of sticky saliva stretching between us. The fingers that were now slobbered in spit had healed back to normal in no time.

The greatest enemies of humans were each other, and dogs were their greatest ally. I let out a smirk.

“Alright! So what if you eat some food in secret? It’s natural to eat when you’re hungry. Food was made to be eaten! Right?”

“Woof.”

“Right! Let’s have some meat today!”

“Meat?”

Azzy’s eyes sparkled. She got up instantly, as if she had never been lying down at all.

“Yeah! We’ll have meat for lunch!”

“Woof! I like meat!”

“Let’s go to the cafeteria!”

“Awoooooo!”

I followed behind the gleefully running Azzy.

‘Let’s forget about the lost money. If you can effectively break down a piece of Alchemic Gold, you could try to make a card. If you’re lucky, maybe even a piece of enchantment. And the Regressor’s going to fail teaching the vampire anyway. I’ll just accept some payment with interest when that happens.’

I started cooking up a storm in my head while cheerfully heading to the cafeteria.

Just then—

“You fucking mutt! Don’t just take the meat!”

“Woof?! Awooooooo!”

‘I’ve come to a decision. The dog food from now on is strictly going to be beans.’





༺ With Only My Grandfather’s Honor on the Line ༻

– Press, press.

While having the best sleep of my life, I felt a heavy weight on my waist. Something was interrupting my sleep. As I scrunched my face and flailed my arms, the pressure on my body disappeared. Finding comfort again, I fell back to sleep.

– Press.

Something heavy laid on my waist again, but it disappeared when I flailed my arms aggressively. Once again, I made a satisfied face and went back to sleep.

– Press.

It’s really pissing me off now. What kind of asshole is getting in the way of my beauty sleep? I should teach them a lesson.

I twisted my body in the direction of the culprit, grabbed the foot weighing me down, and pulled at it so that it couldn’t go anywhere.

‘Huh. Why isn’t it moving? That’s strange. I’m pulling as hard as I can, but it’s not budging at all. Where have I felt this thing before?’

The State was a land of concrete and steel frames. All of its elements were made up of hard materials; regardless of whether they were buildings, people, or ideologies.

There was a time when I walked under a bridge and touched its supports. A very strong pillar made of steel frames and concrete. It’s still clear in my mind, the feeling of a structure that can easily withstand numerous people and giant carts going over it. It didn’t even budge slightly when I kicked it. It was like we didn’t even exist on the same plane.

The leg pushing me down was akin to a pier made of steel and concrete; it wouldn’t budge. The only difference was that this one felt warm and squishy. Other than that, it really felt the same.

As I was grabbing the leg while still half asleep…

“Arf!”

…The leg moved along with my hand.

Like an adult being pulled around by a child. It wasn’t due to the fact they were weaker than the child, but because their heart moved with them. Following the same logic, the fluffy and squishy foot moved where I pulled it. Then, a large shadow came over my bed.

What appeared in front of my eyes was a girl whose eyes were full of curiosity. It was hard to miss the messy blond hair along with the huge face that came along with the leg.

I had my shirt reach below my waist, but I wasn’t sure if it was to conceal my chest or to keep ‘that’ under control.

A tail was swaying lightly, half-wrapped slightly below my belly. As the girl looked at me, she smiled and tapped my chest with her hand. I was taken aback by the amount of trust and affection the hand had towards me.

‘What’s this? There’s a girl being flirty with me while waking me up? Is it an assassin? Or is my rent due…?’

Feeling threatened, I was about to read her mind until I remembered.

‘No, it’s a dog. The Dog King, Azzy.’

I combed my hair back as I got up from the bed. After waking up, I start regaining my senses. My quiet head filled with white noise as my sight widened like a spreading fog.

As I moved to get off the bed, Azzy swiftly got out of the way.

“You’ve come to wake me up?”

“Woof!”

“After listening to what I said about how I was going to wake up without the alarm?”

“Woof, woof!”

“Sure. Thanks. You’re a good girl.”

“Me, good?”

“So good.”

“Woof, woof! I’m good!”

From the way she barked and rolled around on my bed in joy after getting a compliment, it was evident that she really was no different from a regular dog. If you considered her nature, she was closer to the ‘dog’ species than the human one.

Yeah, that’s right. She’s a dog. Not a girl.

I washed my face and got changed. The standard supply shirt was absorbed into the Bio-receptor, and I inserted a new Clothing Packet into my wrist.

For some reason, I had the urge to douse my head with cold water.

Obviously, I wouldn’t be able to enjoy such a luxury with the limited rations I possessed. Since the rationed water ran out in my room as I was washing up, I had to move to the other room with my hair still dripping. While the room’s bed was folded and the cabinet was destroyed, the tap was fine, so it had become a habit to use this room every time mine ran out of water.

After I finished washing, I lifted my head and saw Azzy still prancing around beside me. I wiped myself down with a towel before checking the remaining water.

‘There’s still a bit left. A single person’s worth of rationed water is too little, but the quantity for two people is a bit too much. What a State-like thing to do.’

I poured the remaining water into a cup and gave it to Azzy. She dug her face in and started to lap it up.

Even though she was acting as usual, for some reason, something seemed kind of off, so I needlessly criticized her.

“Come on, Azzy. You have the biomechanical structure of a human. Please use your hands when drinking from a cup.”

“Woof?”

Azzy innocently reacted to my words with a confused head tilt.

“Woof? You call me?”

If she had understood my words, she wouldn’t have been a dog after all.

I let out a sigh as I sat her on my thighs, put the cup on her mouth, and carefully tilted it.

She seemed to be quite perplexed by the liquid trying to gush into her mouth.

Stop moving away from it.

Fortunately, as I grabbed her firmly and slowly patted her to calm her nerves, she started to relax and drank the water normally.

“Yes. You’re doing good. How much easier is that? From now on, try to drink this way. Okay?”

“Woof!”

“Now where…”

‘You understand now right?’

I carefully put the cup on the ground. Immediately, without any hesitation, she knelt beside it, dug her face in, and started lapping up the water again.

I looked at the wagging tail above her raised backside and mumbled.

“That was really stupid of me.”

Azzy stopped drinking and turned her head as she heard my voice. As we made eye contact, she made a gleeful face and barked.

“Woof, woof!”

A smile escaped me.

How do humans find comfort in seeing a pure and simple animal?

Was it by feeling superior at the sight of lower lifeforms?

Or was it by reminiscing about their lost purity?

“Whatever.”

The reason doesn’t matter. The emotional aspect probably comes before the logical aspect anyway.

In the end, if it’s good, then that’s that.

Azzy finished drinking. I put the cup back on its rack and headed out.

“Let’s go get breakfast.”

“Woof!”

Today’s menu was the leftover meat stew from yesterday. There wasn’t much meat left, but there should be enough for one breakfast. And for dinner, we would have… beans.

I was getting sick of eating stew, but it was currently the best option we had got.

“Don’t they provide any commodities? I was hoping to get some fresh ingredients.”

It wasn’t like there are tens of thousands of people here; there were only two people, a dog, and a corpse. You could at the very least provide us with something better. Besides, only one of us was only providing for themselves.

‘It’s not like they don’t know this place exists. Supplies and communications… they’re both quite delayed.’

I headed to the cafeteria while complaining.

The fourth floor. I wouldn’t be able to say the workers’ living spaces were remotely ‘fine’ even if I was exaggerating. The concrete walls had numerous cracks and it seemed like a continuous force had created a pattern similar to growth rings in a tree. A number of doors with no locks were spread along the narrow corridor. If you were to suddenly put your weight on the wall, either a door would fling open or the wall itself would crumble down.

At least the cafeteria was spacious and stable.

The cafeteria was way more spacious than the normal rooms and was equipped with all the necessary tools. Standard-sized pots, along with many plates, and even trays to carry them in. They probably thought of making the workers deliver food to the inmates.

“They shouldn’t have needed a tray to carry the food. They would have just needed to walk down a couple steps with the food to deliver it.”

I shrugged and headed over to the closed pot.

And as I went to lift the pot lid, I felt something unexplainable.

Is it déjà vu? Maybe it’s closer to foresight.

‘Nah, no way. Again?’

“Can’t be. We fought over it yesterday already. There’s no way.”

I smiled and tried to shake off the foreboding feeling I was getting and took off the lid…

…only to be met with the sight of emptiness, as if I were staring into my past.

“You fucking muuuutt!”

My cries resounded through the cafeteria.

“Do you have the inability to learn? What’s the difference between the Dog King and a dog? A dog that’s well known for a few tricks in a forgotten town would be a hundred times smarter than you!”

“Awoooooo! It not me! Woof! Woof!”

That was the moment when a sacred war was waged between a human and a dog. The Regressor ran over at the commotion only to pinch her forehead before asking.

“What is it now?”

「It’s probably the same old thing again」

‘“Same old thing”? Clothes, food, and shelter. The one thing that decides the fate of a person is food. In other words, this is a problem between life and death!’

I grabbed the pot and stomped over to the Regressor, showing her the empty Compressed Can and the pot before yelling at her.

“You see this? Usually, you could feed a man for four days with one Can. There’s that much food concentrated in there! But because of this fucking mutt, it disappears in a day!”

Azzy’s sullen voice could be heard from far away

“It not me!”

“Liar! Who else is here aside from you?!”

“Not me! Not me!”

“If you really are a Beast King, stop repeating the same words over and over again! You sound like a parrot that’s struggling with its vocabulary!”

“I’m not parrot!”

“Then convince me otherwise by saying something different!”

The Regressor pretended to cover her ears and interrupted our exchange.

“Stop. Both of you, be quiet.”

Azzy and I looked at each other and growled. The Regressor let out a sigh and then mumbled.

“How can you be so sure that Azzy is the culprit? It might not be her.”

“Then are you the culprit, Trainee Shei?”

I stared at her with twitching eyes and continued.

“Trainee Tyrkanzyaka is a vampire. She only drinks blood. The remaining humans are you and me. But it wasn’t me. I’m not so shameless as to eat it myself and blame it on a dog. And after all, I’m the one who manages the cellar.”

「Do you know that you’re shameless?」

“If the culprit wasn’t Azzy, then logically, it would mean that you—Trainee Shei—would have stolen the food. Do you understand? What you said only made me doubt you more!”

I chucked the pot into the sink and yelled.

“You even have a personal supply of food! You told me that you don’t need to prepare any meals! But even after eating your personal luxuries, were you enthralled by the State’s soul food that you had to go through the pot in the middle of the night? Is the soul food spawned by poverty only a prize to be shown in your display case?!”

“Prize? That’s nonsense. I wouldn’t eat it even if you offered it to me.”

“Then be quiet, you proletariat! It is imperative that I settle this life-or-death dispute with the mutt!”

“Just wait.”

The Regressor spoke in an annoyed tone. Chun-aeng, moving by Shei’s will, was slowly turning towards me while floating above her head.

I shut my mouth.

Even if it is a life-or-death dispute, I can’t afford to die a dog’s death.

“What I’m trying to say is that there might be someone else here that we don’t know about.”

“The idea that there is another person hiding somewhere in here without any of us knowing about them is too opportunistic for my taste.”

「…So he’s telling me that, while I usually make sound arguments, sometimes I spout nonsense. I really can’t understand this man」

“I’m saying that whether you like it or not, the possibility still exists.”

“Well, it might sound reasonable. But…”

Her conjecture had so many holes in it that it had become quite difficult to point out exactly what was wrong.

Are you only capable of this much, dear Regressor? I shall enlighten you.

That amidst a seemingly complicated situation, the truth is always the simplest answer.

I pointed my finger at the Regressor and made a declaration.

“Trainee Shei, your deduction is quite wrong.”

“Why?”

“This is the Abyssal Prison, Tantalus. A completely isolated space in which no one can easily enter or exit. And you’re telling me that in such a place, there is someone who neither I, you, Azzy, nor Trainee Tyrkanzyaka know about that comes out in the middle of the night just to steal some food?”

I let out a deep breath and unraveled my perfect logic.

“I’m dumbfounded. Such a person would not and should not exist.”

“I get that it’s hard to take in, but what do you mean by ‘should not’?”

“If there were such a being, wouldn’t it most likely be a ghost?”

“So?”

“That’d be too scary. I don’t want to believe that.”

The Regressor slowly processed what I just said, and then her jaw dropped.

That stupid face really fits you.

“So you’re telling me… that you don’t even want to consider that possibility just because it’s too scary for you?”

I swiftly nodded.

“Yes.”

“What the…”

「Are you actually out of your mind? Or are you doing this on purpose?」

‘On purpose? What are you on about? Think about it. A Regressor with all sorts of tricks, a vampire who could smell your spilled blood from miles away, the Dog King with the nose of a dog, and my mind-reading abilities that could see through the Regressor’s camouflage. You’re telling me that there’s some being in the cafeteria that none of us can detect? And one whose mind can’t be read by me? If there were such a being, we should be running right now.’

「You’ve made a miscalculation if you think there’s nothing here. Tyrkanzyaka and Azzy becoming ‘pieces of the end’ was the result of the interference of an outsider. Additionally, the fact that ‘she’ is going to come for ‘that’ under the abyss. There’s also a possibility that ‘they’ are still here somewhere. How do I explain this…」

…Why is that all so true.

‘No, I can’t accept such a future. I’m already losing it with the people already here. Now you’re telling me that there is something else that is on the level of these monsters still lurking around here and that there will be an outsider breaking into Tantalus?’

「You know what? Nah. I don’t need to explain. It’s my first time coming into Tantalus anyway. What’s there to explain? Let’s just leave it to when it happens」

‘It’s got to be a lie. It has to be. There’s no way.’

I flicked my attention back to Azzy.

“Hey, Azzy. Did you really not eat it?”

“No!”

“You say no, but… Sigh. Why am I even trying to talk with you.”

I strongly felt the ever-present gap between humans and animals and just shook my head dejectedly.

‘It wouldn’t even matter if I could read this mutt’s mind. She would deny it till the very end.’

So there really was only one option left.

To catch her red-handed.

‘I’ve got to catch this mutt the moment she puts the pot in her eyes. Then, I can pull it over her. Let’s open one more Can. The operation starts tonight; when the lights are out and the night lights cover the area. At that moment, I’ll have this mutt by the collar.’

I twisted my lips dismally and looked down at Azzy, proceeding to lock eyes. Both our eyes had fire in them.

「I can’t tell if they’re getting along or not」

The relationship between a human and a dog wasn’t that simple. There were good times and bad times.

You just wait and see, mutt.

As I snarled at Azzy, the Regressor glanced at me, narrowed her eyes, and started staring at me. Chun-aeng made a slight humming sound, as if indicating her caution against me.

「Wait. I can sense something over there」

‘Oh, please. Don’t. It’s actually scary. When you say it like that, it really feels like something’s there. And it’s a perfectly dark and small place for a ghost to appear. That’s the same level as my bedroom. What do I do if I get attacked in my sleep? I don’t have a trip alarm. Hmm… I don’t have an alarm, but I do have a guard dog.’

I looked at Azzy and spoke rather softly.

“Hey, Azzy. You want to sleep with me tonight?”

Bark!

I guess not.





༺ Then the Culprit Would Be In Here ༻

In the abyss, it wasn’t the setting sun that signified nightfall but the flickering daylights. Whenever the State-issued clock hit 6 p.m, the artificial lights that attempted to imitate the sun glowed red, as if to mimic how the sun set.

Imitations were often constrained by the very structure that made up the original. Throughout Tantalus, the rays from the daylights slowly fade away, mimicking the setting sun. Shortly after, the nightlights that were scattered around the abyss would start glowing faintly, lighting up the sides of the buildings.

Copies would undoubtedly differ from the original. The nightlights that lit up Tantalus were lacking in comparison to the real night sky. Instead of a navy sky dimly lit by the scattered light, the abyss was lit by weak imitations that paled in comparison to the original. It was an unsettling light that created a shade in the dark; rather than the normal nice shine of moonlight and starlight through a fog.

It pales in comparison to the real rays of the sun that would cover the world with its grace.

As the daylights turned off, the corridor’s visibility dimmed. Now, the mirror that I had set up on the door frame now reflecting nothing but the darkness outside. Apart from that, the light in my room had also gone out, so I couldn’t continue working. I stopped my work and got up from my desk.

On the desk, there was a deck of cards. I had worked most of the day to make these cards with the alchemic gold that I had received from the Regressor.

‘I am a magician. An alchemist who uses cards and manipulates pushovers to create money. A deck of cards is my weapon.’

I swiped the desk with one hand. The 52 cards that were scattered across the desk swiftly came into my hand in one fell swoop. They were square, strong but still flexible. The familiar sensation greeted me.

I halved the deck and proceeded to shuffle it. The flexible cards knit nicely together. I shuffled, flipped, twisted, then shuffled again.

– Smack.

I placed the well-shuffled deck onto the table.

“Ace of diamonds.”

I flipped the top card over. It was the ace of diamonds. It was to be expected since I had shuffled it that way

It had been a while since I had touched a deck of cards, but my skills were as sharp as ever. They had just been waiting to be revealed again.

I nonchalantly picked up the ace of diamonds. The single sharp, red shape displayed itself on one side of the card as if it were claiming it for itself. I pinched the card between my middle finger and thumb then flicked it over. As soon as I opened my hands, the ace of diamonds was nowhere to be found.

The card’s quality and condition weren’t bad. I took a deep breath and steeled my heart.

“Now. Shall we go?”

‘I would like it if it really was Azzy who stole the food. But if it wasn’t… I must carry at least a weapon of choice to give myself the ability to escape. ’

I carefully opened the door so as to not make a sound.

The corridor that was enveloped by darkness seemed to swallow even sound. In the day, even if it was quiet, there was a vibrant atmosphere.

However, it was dark and quiet at the moment, befitting the name Tantalus.

I walked through the spacious corridor. I felt that I shouldn’t make any sound with my footsteps, so I unconsciously tiptoed across.

It didn’t take long to reach the cafeteria. I focused my mind to see if I could sense the thoughts of any minds present.

‘I can’t sense even the slightest thoughts. That means that no one is thinking, at least where I’m currently at.’

Well, we’ll have to see if there’s a thoughtless man or not a man at all in there.

I stealthily went into the corner of the cafeteria and grabbed a seat.

‘I just need to wait here and jump at Azzy once she tries to eat out of the pot. Or run away if a ghost appears.’

Hunting was the art of waiting in the first place. Even the most glorious hunters were formed by their endurance in patience. I held my breath and stared in focus at the direction of the pot.

A long and boring time passed when my focus started to wane, my head was bobbing up and down, about to fall asleep.

‘I wonder how long it’s been.’

I felt a presence outside.

‘You fell for it. See? I told you, it’s an intruder. What are you on about, “someone being on the inside?” I won’t ever believe such a baseless conspiracy theory.’

I tensed up, as I waited for the perfect opportunity where my prey would be caught in the trap. As soon as they put their hand on the pot, they would be stuck between a rock and a hard place.

‘When that happens, I’ll get out there swiftly and catch this thief.’

The silhouette that came into the cafeteria scanned the area with glowing yellow eyes and spoke.

“What are you doing over there?”

They came towards me.

Just because I can read minds doesn’t make me a master of hiding.

I got up from my seat and pointed at the Regressor.

“So it was you. I had expected this outcome.”

“What?”

“If you were that curious, you could have just asked for a bite. Did you really have to sneak in here in the middle of the night to do that? Because of your deviation, distrust has spread amongst us! Distrust is the evil that eats away at society. It is like the rust between gears that creates screeching noises—a distraction, a hindrance! Do you realize the gravity of the deed you have committed?”

“Seriously, what are you talking about?”

The Regressor ignored me and turned away.

“If you have nothing better to do, at least keep quiet.”

“You smelt it, you dealt it. How can you feign ignorance after shitting all over this place?!”

“What kind of vulgar language is that?!”

The Regressor looked at me with a gasp after reflexively refuting me.

“Do you seriously think that I came here to steal some food?”

“Just a bit ago, yes.”

“In that case—Wait, no! Just a bit ago? You really saw me as your equal?!”

‘Yes, you’re my equal. We are trapped here together.’

Anyway.

I just read her mind. Unfortunately, the Regressor wasn’t here to steal the food. She had come back to the cafeteria at night to check out the presence that was bothering her, which wasn’t here before she left.

I scratched my head and talked to her.

“Then is there really some kind of hidden being in here?”

“Probably. We can’t be sure, but it doesn’t hurt to find out.”

“Ahhh.”

I gathered my belongings. When I got up from my seat, I looked at the Regressor and nodded.

“I hope you do well.”

“…Where are you going?”

“I’m scared, so I’m running away.”

The Regressor looked at me with a stupefied face before asking.

“What happened to ‘I’m a warden of the State, an overseer with the responsibility of looking after the trainees’?”

“‘Trainees’ doesn’t include ghosts.”

“What about me? Are you going to just stand there and watch as I investigate the prison

alone?”

“Who told you to investigate? And are you going to stop if I ask you to? Do you really need me to tell you off if you’re going to do it anyway?”

“Come.”

「He still talks in an irritating way. Anyway, is he for real? No, there’s no way. He’s surely got to be planning something」

‘I’m not planning anything. If there really is a ghost, I can’t read its mind. Therefore, I can’t do anything. I’m less than an insect against inhuman beings.’

I walked towards the cafeteria door without looking back.

“Now, I’ll be taking my leave. Don’t forget the ex post facto reports. And if possible, please submit a report according to the sample one.”

“Then why don’t you just watch?”

“Sorry, but it’s lights out, so I should go to bed.”

“Stop your nonsense and watch from there.”

“Huh? Why?”

「Someone powerful enough to parry my blade is wary… Is there really something that strong lurking here? Or is he trying to throw off my caution? Whatever the reason, let’s try going against it. Not that I’m scared of anything… but just in case, let’s leave him in the rear」

Fear is contagious, so when I showed how scared I was to the Regressor, her vigilance went up just as much. So much as to even consider leaving me in the rear in this situation.

The Regressor paused her thoughts and started concocting excuses.

“There could be an intruder in there, feeding off us like a parasite. Then the responsibility of eliminating them is on you since managing the prison is your responsibility. You should be watching out as well.”

“That’s true. If you confirm that it is an intruder, please submit an post-report. Until then, I’ll be in my room.”

‘Go break a leg. I’ll be going now.’

However, just as I was about to walk out the door…

「Hey! I told you to stay! Tsk, let’s just throw Chun-aeng at him for now!」

‘Please don’t. I’ll die.’

I spun my body around, walked back into the cafeteria, then stuck closely behind her.

The Regressor was grossed out by my sudden change in behavior.

“What are you doing?”

‘I can’t say that I was scared she was going to persuade me by force. And to be honest, if there really is an intruder like she said. Wouldn’t it be far safer to be with her than to be by myself? Currently, Azzy is mad at me, and the vampire wouldn’t care because she’s an inhuman being herself. If I exclude the Regressor now, the only one left to defend me is myself.’

Even if she is quite untrustworthy.

“Now, take the lead. We’re going to go and defeat the ghost! We can’t let a mere ghost harass us!”

“You…”

「But… it is reassuring to have someone behind me. Tsk. Even though it’s a problem how the person behind me is that man…」

Anyway.

The Regressor let me stand behind her as she scanned the area with her glowing yellow eyes.

The third of the Seven Colored Eyes, Golden Eyes. The Fiery Golden Eyes that let you see the unseen.

You really wouldn’t be scared of something like a ghost if you had those eyes.

What can I do? Nothing. Except for having some popcorn while watching.

‘Ah, you want moral support or something?’

“You can do it! Ghosts are just remnants of mana that are left behind after death! Don’t be scared. Let’s move forward! Trainee Shei, your sword can surely cut even ghosts!”

“…Can you be quiet? I can’t hear anything because of you.”

“You’re only using those glowy eyes right now. Just concentrate on your vision.”

“I’m also listening.”

The Regressor thoroughly went around the cafeteria. She even checked the storage unit on the shelf that was a bit deeper into the cafeteria. Then, she tilted her head, confusion on her face.

“I don’t see anything.”

“Oh. Well, there really was nothing there.”

“That can’t be right. My gut feelings are usually correct.”

‘Your gut feelings don’t seem too trustworthy. After all, it couldn’t see through my bluff.’

Anyway, I couldn’t say anything because it was that gut feeling that kept me alive.

“If you can’t see anything with those shiny eyes, then there’s likely nothing here.”

“That’s strange…”

“Just give up. There’s nowhere to hide in this tiny cafeteria. There’s only a table for two and a storage unit the size of a small box. Where else are you going to look? It might be different if they could pass through walls.”

“Walls?”

I obviously said it sarcastically, but the Regressor took it seriously and started to think.

“Yeah. The walls. There’s that place. The State’s concrete is thick. If it hid there, I wouldn’t be able to know.”

‘At this rate, the conspiracy theory is turning more into an illness.’

I let out a sigh and waved my finger in front of her.

“Hey. So what now? Are you going to break the wall down? That’s vandalism.”

“I won’t break it down.”

「I’ll only cut it」

The Regressor lifted her head, raised her finger, and poked her eye with it.

One of the primary color eyes from the Seven Colored Eyes, Jade Eyes.

This eye that emitted an ominous green light could see through objects. Although, seeing through metals—especially lead—was much harder to see through.

‘Harder to see through’ meant it would take up a fair bit of space in a ger field ofvision. Which meant that she could use it to easily find metals underground.

I used my mind-reading ability to take a look through her eyes.

I could see in black and white. It was dark and light, as if the world was made up of thin strings that overlapped each other multiple times. The penetrative sight could see through to the inside of objects, and when the Regressor’s vision fell on me, I could see the white bone in my body.

It’s strange how you feel embarrassed when you’re naked, but when you strip away the skin, there is no sense of shame.

The Regressor’s sight moved toward the wall. The concrete wall looked like a white strawboard, and the steel frame inside it stood out, looking like a net. The Regressor carefully searched the wall and then found something.

In a section of the wall, there was a small doll-like silhouette. It almost looked like someone had accidentally left a doll in the wall while constructing it.

However, the identity of the doll was…

“Found you. Still some more of you left, right?”

…A magic golem of the State. A miniature model.

The Regressor stretched her hand behind her head and grabbed Chun-aeng. At that moment, the blade had already been drawn.

The rapid true strike cut a thin slice off the wall in a flash. The concrete that was cut like a bark from an old tree unraveled like a scroll, covered in dust from top to bottom. A gap appeared.

The Regressor pulled the skewered magic golem as it was. The golem’s body twitched.

｢This individual is strongly requesting that you cease your destructive actions.｣

A dull and monotone voice flowed out of the golem. It was the same voice as the one I heard when I first landed in Tantalus.

Captain Abbey was it? The radioman of the State. An emotionless trumpet blower of the State.

The Regressor scoffed at the request.

“You should have requested that before spying on me while hiding like a rat.”

｢Taking into consideration your destructive and sensitive personality, I concluded that this individual would have already been destroyed even if it had revealed itself first. That conclusion is still valid. Additionally, when this individual determines you are nearby, it stops all functions. You could conclude that you were not being spied on.｣

“Yeah. Yeah. Your decisions and requests are all right. Just as expected from the State. Always logical. In saying that…”

The Regressor raised her blade again. A spark shot out of its end. Then, a part of the golem’s circuit burned, and it made static noises, as if it were screaming in pain.

“I’m going to destroy you now. See you. Hiding in the wall was kind of clever.”

｢Cease your destructive action immediately. Cease of communications leads to a lack of efficiency.｣

“Heh. It’s in a hurry. The golems must be nearing their end. Well, it wouldn’t matter if there were more. I’ll just go investigate every wall here with Jade Eyes.”

The Regressor seemed awfully joyful for once as she toyed with the golem.

‘So I couldn’t read its mind because it was a golem. Phew. That’s a relief. It was a golem, not a ghost. There’s nothing as uneasy as a ghost when it comes to not being able to read minds, but the Regressor’s here to destroy them for me, so there’s no problem. I should just keep watching.’

At that moment…

｢I repeat my request. Cease your destructive action immediately. Because of your actions, communications—which include supplies and other related matters—won’t be possible. I repeat my request…｣

Supplies. That word triggered my thoughts.

‘As long as we’re trapped here, our resources will eventually run out. If Azzy keeps eating away mindlessly, we’ll run out of food in no time. The Regressor doesn’t need anything with all her treasures, but I, on the other hand, need supplies… Now that I think about it, I can’t afford to have this golem destroyed!’

I hurriedly went behind the Regressor.

“‘Repeat’. That’s a word I despise, but I could do it as many times as I want.”

The Regressor didn’t notice my approach and continued to be absorbed in her joy in tormenting the golem.

“Me destroying this golem won’t do anything to your real body. But the State becomes slightly inconvenienced. That’s all I need.”

｢Warning. Hostile actions will—｣

“See you.”

–Thunk.

At the flick of Chun-aeng, the golem flew through the air. The Regressor retrieved her blade and prepared to obliterate the doll. She was in a preemptive stance, full of potential energy.

I approached her from her blind spot, afraid of getting stabbed, and reached out my hand.

“Wait! Stop for a second!”

It was then that my hand touched the Regressor’s shoulder.

I could see something jump in the corner of my eye. I felt a sudden push that I couldn’t react to. Something large was coming at me.

No, it’s the opposite.

The world was upside down and my vision followed along with it.

It wasn’t anything else jumping, but me.

Sky Turner.

What?

A counter?

‘A counter that doesn’t need cognitive action, but one that is automatic?’

As I read that, my body was already heading toward the ground.





༺ There Is Always Only One Truth ༻

My back hit the hard, concrete floor.

Or was it the concrete floor that fell onto my back? Honestly, it doesn’t really matter. The fact that it hurts like hell didn’t change.

– Pow!

The sound of a leather drum bursting echoed.

If any children wondered what a drum made of human skin sounded like, they could just refer to the sound my back emitted. My back was akin to a human leather drum.

I couldn’t scream because all the air had been knocked out of me. I endured the pain in silence. Meanwhile, the Regressor that threw me stared at her own hand.

「I jumped to reduce the impact…」

‘You call that reducing the impact? You’re crazy. We consider this an attack.’

「Wow, I executed that absolutely perfectly! Maybe I have an aptitude for judo」

She thought that as she put her thumb up. If I landed wrong, I could have easily died from the impact. To jump on my own… The moment I felt something was off, I was caught off guard and thrown to the ground.

「My Sky Turner is a form of qigong that I specialized in as a form of counterattack. Since it’s a move ingrained into my body, it activates before I can even think about it. He jumped as he saw it. That was a good response, but…」

‘A counterattack ingrained into the body. That’s just cheating. I approached using the perfect blindspot, yes as soon as I made contact with her, she performed a perfect throw only seen in books. It was the ideal textbook move, so I didn’t get folded wrong anywhere. But the shock itself was so great that it’s difficult to move. It’s like my back is being stabbed by a thousand tiny needles.’

「His response was good, but… he didn’t feel good in my hands」

This is why you shouldn’t associate with people who’ve been battling their way through their lives. To judge people by how good they feel in your hands… Am I a sushi ingredient or something? You disgust me.

I frowned.

“Get your foot off me. Was throwing me to the ground not good enough that you have to step on me?”

“Ah.”

The Regressor moved her foot off my collarbone. I dusted the footprint off my shirt as I lay on the ground.

“This is your fault. Why’d you touch me all of a sudden?”

“Hmph. You really value your body. How are you going to get through everyday life if you throw people who tap your shoulder slightly?”

“If this is a world full of strangers who grab my shoulder out of nowhere, then I don’t need an everyday life.”

“Are we strangers? You make me sad.”

“…Of course we are. What else would we be?”

“A warden is like an instructor.. and a trainee. They say to honor your teacher, but to throw them to the ground and step on them? Wow. How sad.”

The pain from the shock still hadn’t fully dissipated, so I couldn’t even stand up. I continued to lament as I lay on the ground.

「Saying that it was his fault for coming at me unprepared… I guess this isn’t a battlefield. I did strike first」

The Regressor did feel sorry, albeit very slightly. She replied in a faint voice.

“Whoever you might have been, you should have been prepared to face the consequences after getting in my way.”

Is she really sorry? Look at how her words contrasted her thoughts. I’m going to lose my mind. If I weren’t a mind reader, I would have exploded in rage.

I still feel like I’m going to explode.

“Is this regret? Is this unfair? Did you think that no one would try to stop you after you cleaved the wall open and tried to slice the golem in half?”

When dealing with the Regressor, you need two logical arguments. Due to her tendency of being weak against logical arguments, she’s the type of person who would agree to anything that has some form of ethical point.

「Now that I think about it, that man is a warden. Which means he’s an eye of the State. I was about to destroy this golem without even considering this man」

It’s a relief that she understood.

Phew.

「Should I just deal with him right now? I feel like I could eliminate him this time」

I take it back. It seems that just because we’re both human doesn’t mean we can understand each other.

Time to change topics.

I started conversing with the mini magic golem.

“Hey, Captain AB.”

｢Captain Abbey speaking. The current situation has been analyzed. I thank you for your actions.｣

“No, you know what, stop talking if you don’t want to get destroyed.”

I stopped the golem from continuing to speak. If it continued, it could reveal my identity. Thankfully, Captain Abbey quickly caught on. They seemed to realize that I was the only one in the abyss who would assist them.

I lifted the golem up while still lying on the ground. It was the size of a small doll, but it was far more solid than one. Its thin metal arms and legs dangled in the air.

“Trainee Shei.”

I changed the tone of my voice. I closed my eyes and continued as the Regressor seemed to feel a slightly strange glare.

“Not only did you slice open the wall and destroy the golem, but you also assaulted me. Very naturally.”

“And?”

“Sure, the wall was already demolished, the golem’s almost just as damaged, and my body was there to be thrown anyway. I won’t ask any more. So let’s forget about the golem for now.”

“Well…”

「Considering there’s already a warden here, it wouldn’t matter whether or not the golem remained. They’re both dogs of the State. And… it might be better to leave it alone」

After some consideration, the Regressor put away her sword.

“I just need to not be watched by that.”

“It won’t even if I ask it to. You already saw how it was hiding in the cafeteria earlier. If it wanted to keep a watch on you, it wouldn’t have hidden itself there. The bourgeois who has four meals a day while the others barely get by with the limited supplies wouldn’t come to the cafeteria anyway.”

“Hmm.”

“If you understand now, please leave.”

“What are you going to do here?”

“Now that I know there’s a golem remaining, I should make a supply request. Since someone has been stealing all our supplies at night.”

“Sure…”

「After deciding not to fight with that man, it’s inevitable that some information will slip past me. Let’s just wait and see. This might turn out to be a good chance to gather some information regarding that man」

After nodding, the Regressor shot a sharp glare at the golem before turning away.

“Could you ask if they could supply blood as well? It seems like Tyrkanzyka is a bit short on blood after suddenly moving her body.”

“I’ll check and inform you.”

‘Who the fuck’s going to supply that?’

“I’ll be returning to my room now.”

“Stay safe.”

The Regressor left proudly, as if she was showing off her leaving stature. Only the golem and I were left in the dark cafete—

Wait.

“Trainee Shei. Didn’t you say you were leaving?”

I could feel a surprised thought on the other side of the wall. The Regressor replied with excuses.

“I-I was about to leave. I was just doing something.”

‘What, are you trying to eavesdrop?’

I glared at the door. The Regressor left with loud footsteps. I heaved out a long groan and lifted the golem up again.

“It’s been a while. Captain AB.”

｢Confirming your survival. You did well to last thi—｣

“Wait.”

I covered the golem’s mouth as I stood up from the ground.

Ow, my neck. I’m sure it was my back that slammed onto the ground, so why does my neck hurt?

I stretched my neck by moving my head every which way, then stared into space.

“Is there still something to eat around here? You said you were going back to your room. Why don’t you go now.”

Amidst the blinding darkness there was a subtle distortion. As if shocked, the camouflaged Regressor held her breath and stared at me with trembling eyes.

「He… saw me? Through the Veil of Darkness, which hides even the faintest of movements? N-No, there’s no way… He didn’t realize last time…」

“Stop fooling around. It’s too obvious. Who the heck stomps through the hallway as if they’re announcing their departure?”

「Urk, was I really too obvious? But that man shouldn’t have any evidence. He’s probably just throwing it out there. Let’s just feign ignorance for now」

“Just go away!”

I threw the pot that was on the table. The Regressor ducked down before the pot could hit her, and it hit the ground with a clang. The camouflage was dispelled by the sudden movement, so the Regressor’s eyes met with mine.

The astonished Regressor blushed, red from the embarrassment.

“U-Uhhh…”

“Trainee Shei. Didn’t you just say something about the golem keeping a watch on you? This is the same thing. Eavesdropping on someone while using camouflage is a really bad hobby.”

“I-I know. I just…”

“I understand that there are such instances in life. Anyone can be curious or make mistakes. I won’t say anything, so just go this time.”

“O-Okay…”

「Fuck, fuck, fuck! I should have been more careful about it. I underestimated him because of our previous interaction!」

The Regressor left with a drooping head. I thought she would cover up her embarrassment by lashing out at me, but as a perfectionist, she seemed to feel slightly depressed by her own inadequacy. She ran down the hallway, loathing herself.

Watching it all happen, the golem began to speak.

｢So you did have abilities.｣

“You should know how I made money. It’s just some psychological warfare.”

｢It’s a relief that you seemed to be doing well.｣

“What? A relief?”

｢A new worker was to be placed into the next supplies list, but it seems that is not needed. Human resources will not need to be wasted.｣

“Ah, you meant in that sense.”

The Regressor might be a Regressor, but the State was also made up of people who were hard to get along with.

They chucked me down here expecting me to die.

“You know the gist of the occurrences down here, right? Then I won’t need to explain anything.”

｢False. I had this unit hidden from Trainee ‘Shei’. Observations could not be made outside of the cafeteria.｣

“Aha. Is that so?”

‘That’s some good information. Seeing as how there’s information that only I know, I could get some value out of this.’

｢If you report any valuable information, I promise to provide my absolute support to you.｣

‘And they’re quick to catch on. They recognise their position and my motives to present a trade offer. I do like their efficiency.’

｢Do you have any special reports or requests?｣

“I have one. I—”

「But I still have another option」

‘Ah, wait a minute. Strangely, I can hear another thought. There’s no way. Getting caught twice for the same act makes you an idiot, and thrice makes history. The Regressor’s offering her name to the history books.

‘She renovated a prison cell on the first floor and is now living there of her own accord. I wouldn’t be hearing her thoughts if she had actually given up and returned to her room. The reason I can hear her is…’

「Was it my 7th cycle? I learned the far hearing skill from demi-humans who had very perceptive ears. At the time, I considered it a useless skill because it picked up all sorts of sounds from every direction. But it might be useful in this situation. Because it’s quiet everywhere, I should be able to hear them clearly. Now, let’s see…」

“Wait a minute.”

I walked over to the pot I had thrown earlier then searched the storage and got another pot.

‘Nice, there aren’t any cracks and it’s in good condition. This should be enough.’

I waited for the perfect time and spun the pots around.

「Although I don’t have the ears of a demi-human, if I put my ear against the ceiling… I should be able to make out what—」

As soon as I heard the Regressor’s thoughts, I slammed the pots together.

Clang!

「!!!!!!」

The circular-shaped metal in itself served as a great amplifier. Additionally, these pots were made out of alchemic steel, engineered to keep every drop of water in. When the two pots were slammed together with full force, a sound loud enough to ring throughout all of Tantalus was produced.

The sound traveled down the corridor and rang through the building. A solemn sound that could rival that of a bell. An echo sustained throughout the abyss.

I waited for the faint echo to cease.

「Ah, ugh… Ah…」

A silent cry emerged from downstairs. I crouched down and spoke to the concrete.

“Trainee Shei.”

「Ahhh, there’s no way…」

“You’re not even coming out to ask what that sound was. You weren’t eavesdropping on us again, were you? I trust that you weren’t.”

「…」

You are going to cry? Nah, there’s no way. Surely you won’t. The feeling of wanting to cry and actually crying is quite different. Even a tearless man weeps in the heart. The feeling of wanting to cry from sadness and embarrassment isn’t a rare occurrence.

It’s a shame. If I saw her actually crying, I could have made fun of her ‘til the end of the world.

Anyway…

“Now that the heckler’s been dealt with…”

｢How did you know that she was eavesdropping?｣

“I told you, it’s psychological warfare. She’s the type of person to chase after great profits. Due to her compensation mentality, she’s the type of person to chase after profits over and over again even after experiencing failure, thinking ‘It’ll be different this time.’ She is the type of person who only becomes satisfied after gaining something.”

It’s all a lie. I read her mind. But even if this is a lie that was made up last second, it makes sense from beginning to end.

“And there was nothing to lose. It was a ‘zero risk high reward’ move.”

｢Understood. What is the percentage of her eavesdropping again?｣

“Honestly, it’s a loss for her even if she starts eavesdropping right now. She should have given up while she was ahead. How much more humiliation does she need?”

「…」

The Regressor’s thoughts came to an end.

‘Ah, is this alright? This level of lacking in thoughts usually occurs due to fainting.’

It might have been too harsh, but compared to the fear I felt, it was nothing. Mental pain was nothing compared to physical pain.

Anyway, after successfully pulling the rug from under the Regressor, I continued my business.

“This golem… has the form of a human. It’s the type that shares senses with its user, right? One that you control by syncing your body with it.”

｢Affirmative.｣

“In that case…”

I tapped the golem’s body. As the golem reacted, I began to write on its body with my finger. My finger swerved around its chest and stomach.

—I’ll write all the important messages on you, so try to understand them. Just reply with a nod.

After the golem’s body slightly shivered, it responded with a slight nod.

‘Even if I can read minds, it’s better safe than sorry.’

If I was going to communicate like this anyway, why did I slam the pots together?

I just wanted to witness the Regressor’s pain.

“You said you were only in the kitchen, right?”

I pretended to have a normal conversation while writing on the golem.

—I’m pretending to be a warden here. I lied so I could survive.

The golem responded with a slight nod. Then it spoke with the speaker in its mouth.

｢Affirmative.｣

“Then you would have seen me and Azzy eating.”

—So, can you pretend I’m a warden as well?

This time, the golem shook its head. As I shot a glare at it, the golem spoke clearly.

｢Not all of it was observed. As I had mentioned before, this unit was operating in a highly dangerous environment, so it was shut down during the day. Warning. Impersonation and false reporting is a heavy offense.｣

‘I guess it’s replying by adding stuff to the end of its sentences. Well, impersonating as a State warden is quite the crime. Even in this kind of situation, the State’s Radioman is still strict about it.’

“Then it would have been active during the night.”

—Then I wouldn’t have a reason to protect you anymore. I would also lose my authority. If you don’t help me, I can’t carry you around.

The golem froze for a second. It was probably processing the conflicting information between its duty to keep watch and my crime of impersonation.

However, it didn’t take long to reach a conclusion. The golem nodded and responded in an even more robotic voice.

｢Affirmative.｣

‘Nice. That’s been sorted for the time being. Now, I can just be the man in the middle for the State’s authorities and Tantalus while reaping the benefits.’

It was worth getting thrown over. It hurt like hell, but I gained something.

I smiled.

｢And…｣

After short consideration, the golem continued with a bit of hesitation.

｢This unit is linked with my senses. So care should be taken when handling it.｣

‘What does that mean? I can’t read its mind, so I can’t really understand it. Is it something important? It seems to be trembling slightly.’

I lifted the golem up again and then began writing on its chest and belly with my finger.

—OK. You’re telling me that I should only write it out when it’s something important, right?

｢Urk. You didn’t…｣

‘Huh? That’s a weird response.’

The golem trembled strangely, as if it were broken, and spoke on its own.

A moment after, the golem swatted my hand away. Even though it was a miniature golem the size of a doll, it was still a State magic golem. Its metal limbs could easily deflect my hands.

｢…It doesn’t matter.｣

‘What? What’s with this response? I don’t get it.’

I didn’t realize how unfortunate it was that I couldn’t read the golem’s mind. I would have been able to read this person’s mind and gained the upper hand. However, since it was a remote-controlled golem, there was no way to do so. It also had no facial expressions, so I could only make assumptions based on its tone of voice.

Is this what it’s like for the average person? It’s more inconvenient than I thought. It’s like buying something for my kidneys.

…Oh, wait.

It did say that it was active throughout the night, right?

Then it should know who stole the food.

‘Got you.’





༺ A Good Dog ༻

What exactly is sleep? Why do living animals require time to disconnect from the world, entirely unprotected while sleeping?

There was no concrete answer. Nonetheless, how sleep affected a human could be inferred as one estimated the form of an object by its shadow. Lack of sleep led to a twisted heart, and the person would become as sharp as a needle; they become tired, and their mind would flicker dangerously. Even sages frowned when they had been woken up abruptly, so sleep must be an act that refilled something in the mind.

However, as we cannot know completely, we cannot fully explain the role of sleep.

I was just floating in unconsciousness, waiting for something to wake me up…

Something then grabbed my leg. I jolted up from my slumber.

It made no difference how deep the sleep was. The sensation of your body hitting the floor, whether from sleep or anything else, took away my comfort. The awful sensation of Mother Earth abandoning me jolted my spirit.

That was the same as being cursed by Mother Earth. Even Mother Earth permitting me to fall to the earth sent me into the abyss.

“I’m sorry! Help me! I’m sorry!”

I instinctively begged as I fell. And—

– Crash!

I dropped to the floor in an instant, in less than half a second. I sprang up in a panic, unable to shake off the shock.

Huff. Huff. Huff.

I got into a wary stance and scanned my surroundings.

I had fallen 50cm below the low military bed. I’d woken up because something had pulled my foot and dragged me off the bed.

It didn’t take long to realize the cause.

“Woof.”

Azzy gave a curt bark with a cold face then left. After our fight over the stolen food, she seemed to have developed a slight contempt for me.

But seeing as how she still came to wake me up, she doesn’t completely hate me.

No, that was a weird thing to say.

Dogs cannot develop a hatred for humans from birth.

“Azzy.”

“Woof.”

Azzy only turned her head. Unlike before—when she would turn her whole body to face me—instead, she only gave me her gaze.

But what of it? A dog is still a dog.

“Come to the cafeteria.”

Her ears pricked up, and her tail began to wag. I couldn’t read her mind, but there was no need for that. No other animal had a body language as revealing as this one.

“Woof? Food?”

“Yeah. Because today, there’s a special dish.”

“Woof! Food!”

‘She becomes overjoyed at the sound of food and starts to jump around. Haha. There’s no need to rejoice about it too much. Because today, it’s your turn to cook.’

“Go wait for me while I take a shower first.”

“You wash too much! Woof! All Hair fall out!”

“I’m not bald yet, okay?! Simply put, you’re not washing enough! Anyway, bring her from downstairs, quickly! Not you and me, her!”

“Down? Woof! Okay!”

The Regressor recalled last night’s humiliation. She was entirely exposed after trying to eavesdrop, and her mind was half occupied by the embarrassment as she shut herself in her room.

And it seemed like she cried a bit.

‘She cried’ in the sense of ‘not physically but emotionally felt the sadness and self-disappointment’. It seemed like being exposed in her camouflage was absolutely shocking to her.

I thought she would live a messy life considering she can just regress and try again, but she was a lot more sensitive and more of a perfectionist than I thought.

「Dammit, dammit, dammit! Your initial attempt was too obvious, Shei! Of course, they would be on alert after that! When are you going to throw away these prideful thoughts? Just try your best for once!」

‘No, please, stop with the self-deprecation. Was it the only thing on your mind last night? Without any sleep?’

「It’s also a problem that you underestimated the opponent too much. You set a low standard for this man just because he couldn’t see through the camouflage previously. There are no guarantees. Just because you didn’t get caught once doesn’t mean you won’t get caught the next time…!」

‘This is crazy. It was troubling when she was trying to kill me, but it was even more so when she was saying all that like she was about to kill herself. On top of that, she was avoiding eye contact with me for what I assumed to be an embarrassment. Sigh. Goodness me. Why don’t we lighten the mood?’

“Trainee Shei, did you not sleep well last night? Your eyes look exhausted.”

The Regressor was babbling to herself and was unable to properly respond. She appeared to be trying to get me to stop talking to her, but there was no chance she would do that.

Because mind reading.

「Tsk. Even though it was you who kept me from getting any sleep the night before…」

‘If someone heard that, there’d be some misunderstanding. Thankfully, no one else could hear it but me.’

Anyway, you seem quite irritated, Regressor.

“Up till what point were you listening?”

“…W-What?”

“I thought I was throwing a boomerang with the number of times you came back after I struck you down. Please refrain from doing that ever again.”

“Urgh…!”

The usually aggressive and violent Regressor didn’t assault me with her sword this time.

Probably because of her now-damaged pride. And because this world has a strange law of conservation, as the Regressor’s pride decreased, mine appeared to increase.

Ah, I shouldn’t be doing this. But it’s just so fun.

“Woof! Food!”

I was going to make fun of her a bit more, but let’s leave it here. Because Azzy is grumbling at me.

“Now, now, Azzy. I have some things to say, so just wait a bit.”

“No! Woof! Say while eat food!”

“This dog…”

‘How can your pride remain untarnished? Is there nothing to feel hurt about when you’re a dog?’

“Ehem. Anyway. The reason I gathered you all here is that I found a clue to the food supply thief who has been throwing Tantalus into chaos for some time.”

“Woof!”

Azzy showed no interest in anything but food.

‘This despicable thing. Let’s see how you fair when the evidence is shoved up against your face.’

I went to a corner of the cafeteria and got the doll-sized golem. As I was fiddling around with it to make sure it was still functional, it turned its head around as if in response.

‘It’s connected.’

I placed the golem on the table.

“As a witness, I have brought the State’s Radioman who has been sitting around in the cafeteria as a golem. Captain AB, welcome! Say hi, Captain!”

｢…｣

“Hi, pleasure meeting you!”

Azzy’s and the Regressor’s responses didn’t change even after seeing the golem. The Regressor had brief attention span after deciding to let go of what happened yesterday, and Azzy couldn’t care less about something that wasn’t a human.

‘I can’t introduce it like this. Let’s attempt to showcase my puppeteering abilities from that time I entertained some kids.’

I held the golem up between the arms and waved it around like a puppet. As Azzy took interest in its movement, I closed my mouth and used ventriloquism1The art of “throwing” the voice, i.e., speaking in such a manner that the sound seems to come from a distance or from a source other than the speaker.

“Hello, Azzy.”

“Woof?”

Azzy cocked her head as she kept glancing between me and the golem.

Because the voice is coming from me but the golem is waving at her, she was probably wondering what was going on.

I kept swaying the golem’s limbs and spoke with ventriloquism.

“Nice to meet you! I’m called AB!”

“Woof, woof? Human?”

“Yes! I’m a human despite the fact that I’m trapped in here right now! You’re Azzy, right?”

“Woof! Yeah! Me Azzy!”

“You seem like such a good girl!”

“Thank you! You seem very hard!”

“Let’s be friends! You want to give me a lick?”

“Sure!”

｢…Stop it.｣

As Azzy’s nose came in closer, the golem moved at an astounding, never-seen-before speed. After knocking my hand away, the golem stood up on its two feet and dodged Azzy’s face.

Then the speaker’s dry, monotonous voice began to emerge.

｢The State mandates the overseer to critically avoid making contact with the trainees. However, by the Special Instances Clause Article 2, and by the current situation, all security clauses under security level 2 will be overlooked.｣

After declaring that, the golem stood up straight on its feet. Whether it was because it was well made or because they were accustomed used to it, it continued to use synchronization even though the golem was a smaller model.

｢I am the State’s Radioman, Captain AB. I am currently in charge of the communications between the State and Tantalus. I forewarn that the destruction of this individual will result in a negative assessment for the trainees.｣

Even without mind reading, it was clear who it was referring to since there was only one person here who could and would destroy it.

The Regressor gave the golem a sour-faced glance.

“I don’t care about any negative assessments. I’ll leave you alone if you don’t go sneaking around places only because I’ve made a deal with this man.”

｢It is my responsibility as Tantalus’ director and overseer to conduct surveillance.｣

“Yeah? Well, I can’t stand machines that are sent by the State to keep watch on me.”

｢There are sometimes when there are people with that kind of disorder. A category of individuals who are sensitive to being watched. As we give out treatments for such disorders for free, I advise you to go and get it taken care of.｣

“…This little—”

｢However, in this current instance, you would not be able to visit the State Hospital. I have verified your doctor. By exceptions to all regulations under safety level 2, for this individual’s safety, I shall put off its mission of surveillance.｣

After exchanging glances at each other for a bit, the Regressor scoffed and stood up.

“If that’s all, I’m leaving.”

‘Huh? Right away?’

I grabbed the Regressor.

“Ah, wait! You must take part in this matter!”

“I don’t care. Just handle that golem. If I see that thing outside the cafeteria on its own, I might just smash it.”

The Regressor got out of the cafeteria right away. Even when feeling down, she still had a deep hatred for the State.

At that time, Azzy—who had understood none of the exchange—asked with a cheerful face.

“Woof. What does it say?”

‘I’m guessing she’s talking about the golem.’

I explained in a flat tone since Azzy couldn’t grasp a word of the golem’s difficult and logical phrases.

“It said, don’t hit it. And don’t bite it. That it hurts.”

“Woof! I don’t bite! I’m good!”

“Yeah, yeah. I know. You’re good.”

“Awooo! I’m good! Good!”

As I patted Azzy’s head, I grabbed it and mumbled in a dreary tone.

“But I have to ask, which bad dog ate all the meat stew from the pot last night?”

“W-Woof?”

Footnotes:

1The art of “throwing” the voice, i.e., speaking in such a manner that the sound seems to come from a distance or from a source other than the speaker





༺ A Bad Dog ༻

Yesterday, when I threw the pot at the Regressor, the pot that was supposed to be full of stew, was empty. Someone had already eaten its contents before I had even arrived.

There were only two possible culprits: Azzy or something that was hiding in the cafeteria.

But that ‘something in the cafeteria’ was a golem, and golems don’t eat.

By process of elimination, it was crystal clear who it was.

Azzy shouted with eyes wide open after my interrogation.

How’s that? Are you shocked?

“You, ate everything?! By yourself?!”

“You’re the one who ate everything!”

“No! Woof! I not eat! Hungry but wait! Eat together!”

Even through the forceful interrogation, Azzy denied it to the bitter end. My cold heart began to warm up as she adamantly pleaded her innocence.

‘Was it really not her? Or is she just being a dog? I can’t tell because her mind is that of a dog. If she were fully human, I would have been able to decipher the truth. But all the other quack-mind-readers get on with their stingy lives without knowing the truth. When someone lies, they go press on for “clues” or “proof” and whatnot then make a “correct” decision on their own. Let’s give it a try today.’

“We’ll know when we examine the evidence. Captain AB! Was there someone in the cafeteria last night?”

｢Affirmative. This unit was collecting information from 0400 yesterday.｣

“Then did you notice who stole and ate the stew from the pot yesterday?”

｢Affirmative.｣

I lifted the golem by the sides with joy. It seems like air came out of it.

As if it had let out a long sigh or something.

After lifting the golem carefully from behind, I looked around before speaking.

“Captain AB. Now, pick from the crowd. Show us the criminal who came out of the dark like a rat and stole the stew last night!”

‘Let’s see. Which direction will the golem point? Well, there aren’t many directions it can point to begin with. But there must be at least one, though. Right?’

The golem slowly raised its finger. I waited in anticipation of the future-revealing cold steel.

The finger pointed in my direction.

…Huh?

“It was me?!”

‘No way. The twist that should never happen in a detective story! Was it really me? Had I really done it unconsciously?’

｢Negative. The finger is not pointed at you.｣

The golem shook its head and pointed again. Upon re-examination, it was slightly away from me. It didn’t chase me as I tilted and moved my head around.

I slowly walked towards the spot with the golem in hand, moving around as if I were following divinations for water. Every so often, the finger’s direction adjusts ever so slightly. As it adjusted its position more and more, a sewer drain beyond a hole in a steel cover could be seen in its direction. The drain was used to get rid of the leftovers.

It appeared a little too small for a person to fit in there. I looked down at the golem in doubt.

“…In here? The thing that stole the food is in here?”

｢That is correct.｣

“Is there a rat or something in there?”

｢That is a ridiculous question. Not even bugs exist in Tantalus.｣

“True. Even bacteria are nonexistent here. Fuck…”

A land cursed by Mother Earth. So much so that all earthly beings couldn’t infiltrate it. This led me to believe that it was Azzy who stole the food. The only living beings in the abyss were me, Azzy, and the Regressor. Amongst us, Azzy was a stupid dog who was the least capable of resisting temptation; anyone else would have also doubted her as the number one suspect.

And, because I could read minds, I was certain that the Regressor didn’t do it. Every process of elimination and estimations based on experience pointed to Azzy.

But it was just too unexpected for a third person to be the suspect.

‘Come to think of it, wasn’t there a mind that could be heard faintly in the cafeteria? At the time, I simply ignored it. But now, the answer was right there. It’s right to think that a different being is living in Tantalus. Anyway, the past is no longer. What’s important now is making decisions regarding the future. I don’t want to poke at a beehive, but it’s probably better to do it now when I have Azzy here. I wouldn’t be able to do anything on my own If it’s a monster.’

The dog was the man’s best friend when he was in danger.

“Hey, Azzy.”

“Woof!”

“It seems the guy who stole our food is in there.”

“Woof, woof! Bad!”

“Bad, right? So let’s go punish it for that. Can you draw it out?”

It was too scary for me to do it, so I got Azzy instead.

Because a dog is a man’s best friend.

Azzy came to my side. But rather than digging out the drain, she looked up at me with a displeased face.

“But you, more bad! I didn’t eat! I waited good, but you, angry I ate!”

‘Ah, she remembers all of that. I was hoping she had already forgotten it, but it seems that she isn’t that stupid. Well, I did hear something about the dog having better memory than a goldfish.’

But Azzy is the Dog King. Something I can persuade with words. You literal dog, I’ll roast you in the heat of my silver tongue.

“Azzy, is that really important right now? We have a common enemy. The true criminal behind our stolen food.”

“Woof! Azzy didn’t eat!”

“Yeah. I’m sorry I doubted you. For now.”

“Woof! Didn’t eat!”

“Yeah, yeah. I said I’m sorry. Let’s get along from now on.”

“Woof-woof! Didn’t eat! But you yell I ate! I angry! We not get along!”

“Sure, Azzy.”

“Bad! Woof! Bad!”

“…”

Sigh. I can’t do anything about it, can I?

This catastrophe was self-inflicted. I should pay the price.

I returned to my room and pulled out the leather ball from a while back. The ball was already flat from just a couple days of negligence.

I let out a deep breath and lifted my left arm up straight into the air. I rhythmically tapped up from the elbow to the wrist with my right finger. As I performed the promised somatics, my body squeezed some mana out and into my left arm.

“To think the day I start the ball game would come. It’s a human’s disgrace, but remember it well, you mutt. Humanity hasn’t lost. It’s only me who did.”

The mana gathered. What was once spread throughout my body rode up my bloodstream and towards my left finger. I could feel a sense of near-omnipotence at the tip of my finger. At the same time, I could feel its limits. I could also feel my disappointment at realizing that I would lose this sense of power once I used the mana pool, which could only fill one finger.

Why is my mana pool so small?

I put my finger in the ball as I chanted a level 0 spell while complaining about it.

The event of exploding the air, the level 0 magic that called it.

“Pascal.”

With a bang, the ball tensed up as the leather stretched out. A ball made of a small piece on the inside and a large piece on the outside didn’t leak air when blown up in an instant. After removing my finger from the ball and using alchemy to seal the hole, I carried the ball to the cafeteria.

There was an Azzy with her front paws on the table and tail wagging, more ecstatic than ever.

I spoke as I lifted the ball.

“Will a ball game be enough?”

“Woof, woof! Yummy food too!”

“Sure. I’ll make yummy food.”

“Awooo! Good! Good! You, good! Now good!”

“Now, get that thing out of there.”

Azzy nodded, then walked straight to the drain and shoved her hands in as if she were digging up the ground. After scraping the end of it a couple of times, she put her head halfway in with her butt pointing to the sky and finally started pulling something out.

An arm that was severed below the elbow.

One leg.

A large hand.

And the last thing she pulled out struggling was a large body with only one arm and one leg attached.

A muscular body—that almost looked harder than the golem—with a short mustache and hair. It looked like a noble monk’s body, but its severed appearance was gruesome to no end. Very well-toned muscles could be seen in its cross-section.

“Uwegh—”

I can feel a gag reflex coming.

That’s not a human, that’s a ‘human’.

The cut itself was clean. If you only looked at the disjoint, it looked twisted off, as if a giant twists a toy’s arm and leg off while playing with it. However, there were no signs of blood, and the bones were intact like it was a perfectly made anatomical figure. Even though it had a severed arm and leg, you might wonder if it had actually been killed because there were no blood stains on its brownish skin.

But seeing how I couldn’t hear a single thought, it must be dead.

‘It was probably attacked, dismembered, and dumped down the drain. It might have survived for a few days through sheer willpower, but since no one found it, it eventually died slowly.’

“Dang. To meet its fate in a place like this…”

‘The thought I just heard must be its final thoughts,’ I thought so. Unfortunately, there is nothing that can be done about it.’

I picked up its right arm, thinking of at least burying its cut-up body.

This might be a cursed land, but surely it’s better to be buried…

As I grabbed the arm, it also grabbed me.

Huh.

…

Huh?

“UWAAAAGH!”

The arm was so strong that even when I tried to throw it away in freight, it only shook along with my arm and didn’t come off.

What the fuck? Does a severed arm have this much strength??? If it were still an intact arm, it would have crushed my arm with its grip!

This was not the time to panic.

I flipped my other wrist around and pulled out a hidden card. An ace of diamonds, a trump card composed of fine and dense metal created by alchemy that was strong and tensile.

I put the thin card between me and the fingers that were grabbing me. By twisting it slightly, the fingers slid off. I used this technique to pry the fingers from the middle finger to the pinky off. Eventually, I was able to barely throw the arm off.

“H-Huff. Huff… What is that?”

The arm that had fallen to the ground tried to crawl up using its fingers but stopped as if it had lost all strength. After seeing the horror and blood in front of me, I caught my breath.

I asked the golem that seemed unimpressed, as if it had already known.

“Captain AB, what is that?”

｢A severed hand that moves. It can be presumed to belong to that of an Undying.｣
