
Recalling her hatred drove away much of the fear in Beta’s heart. She exhaled deeply as she headed to the underground armory.

“May divine punishment fall upon the blasphemous, unjust, and depraved Military State.”

If all else failed, she would become the punishing hammer of god, even if it doomed her to a wretched end.

Suddenly, as Beta was walking on while praying, the doors to the underground armory opened by themselves. Although shocked by the abrupt change, she assumed the Sky God had opened the way and strode forward with firmly set jaws. With faith, she could move onward.

It was so dark inside that nothing was visible.

Beta thumped her elbow, swept her hand to her wrist, then focused all her mana into her fingers. After a long while of fidgeting, she whispered a spell.

“Lux.”

Light sparked at her fingertips.

Lux was an illumination spell, one of the State’s standard magic. Of the dozens of standard spells Beta had studied in school, this was the only one she could use, but it was enough to satisfy her. How convenient and nice was it to be able to light the way whenever it was dark?

Of course, she couldn’t help feeling conflicted every time she remembered this magic was developed by the loathsome Military State.

Light originally belonged to the Sky God. The State was borrowing that light, yet they insolently imposed a tax.

Soothing herself with that excuse, Beta raised her finger high, but the light didn’t clear the darkness inside, only making it inch back momentarily. So she barely illuminated what was below her feet and went deeper underground, not even knowing where she was going…

And then, candles burst into life. An ominous light bloomed in the darkness.

Beta jerked her head around.

Blood was everywhere as if someone had cursed the world with it. Crimson oozed through the gaps of the stone wall carvings, which would have been beautiful otherwise, and the once-sacred paintings hung nearby featured blood-stained monsters.

The scene was like a profane insult toward the Sky God. But Beta felt fear before being offended.

Blood, red, darkness, and the unknown.

Just as primal terror suddenly struck her.

｢Is it you? The one who impudently dared to pray to the Sky God in my palace?｣

Beta gasped as she urgently grabbed her cross and raised her gun.

A rancorous voice came from the darkness.

｢A cross… Fufu. How nostalgic. I did not think I would see it within my abode…｣

At that moment, Beta’s cross turned red and became covered in blood. Seeing the sinister sight, she hastily let go, and it sprang off into the air.

She traced its trajectory with shaky eyes. The blood-stained cross flipped upside down and flew toward the wooden coffin in the middle of the room.

Immediately after, a white arm appeared out of the coffin. Its hand gently reached for Beta’s cross, and the tainted symbol of God landed on its palm.

A pitch-black coffin, and a blood-stained reverse cross.

Realizing what was lying in that box, Beta reared her gun and shouted.

“Cursed vampire! You servant of Devil who has forsaken humanity to oppose the laws of nature!”

The white hand paused.

Armed with faith, Beta was unfazed by the darkness as she aimed at the coffin.

“You have no right to defile that! Put it down this instant, monster!”

｢… Well now.｣

Crunch.

The blood-stained cross was crushed in an instant. Before Beta could feel anger at the blasphemous act, she was instinctively scared by the irresistible force she felt from the vampire.

｢I have no right? I forsook humanity to oppose the laws of nature?｣

Questions came from the coffin.

God was far, while the Devil was near. As if to prove this, the vampire exuded malice and magical power as if to put Beta to the test.

But she didn’t lose faith yet. With a strong belief in her heart and a gun in her hand, she had nothing to fear at the moment.

Beta yelled a retort.

“That’s right!”

｢Nonsense.｣

Creak.

The lid of the coffin showed movement. It was made of imperial juniper, which was loved by librarians and undertakers for its moisture and odor-absorbing properties.

The bed that held the vampire for more than a thousand years opened. Darkness flowed like oil, so thick that it oozed like liquid void matter.

“Fear me if you will, for I am a predator to your kind, an object of horror.”

A white hand appeared from the coffin, moving with gentle, light poise and aged elegance. A hazy fragrance followed. The smell of iron should be thick with all the blood in the surrounding, yet the air smelled like that of an old book.

It was the scent of the imperial juniper coffin.

While Beta was distracted by that contradictory smell, she appeared.

“Despise me if you will, for I am a vampire who feeds on the blood of your people.”

She rose from the coffin. A girl with a discolored white complexion. Her skin was as pale as a well-polished pearl, but her waist-length silver hair was glossy as if to prove she didn’t simply lack color.

The girl’s eyes were uncannily red, yet they were bewitchingly attractive, and if you slid your eyes below her high nose, you would find an adorably small, eye-catching pair of lips.

Merely gazing upon her features, so fair like a labored work of God, was a dizzying experience. And there was her pure black shoulder strap dress with its neat, refined design, giving her the air of a noble bride.

Not even the surrounding darkness could dampen the soft, shining beauty of the girl. If Beta hadn’t known, she would have taken her for an angel.

“However, if you treat me like a taint in the name of that accursed god. If those who abandoned me once again shamelessly pretend I turned my back on them.”

Beta’s perception, her faith was thrown out of joint.

The evil, strange blood-drinking being was as lovely as an angelic. She was said to be a thousand-year-old vampire, yet her appearance was that of a mere teenager.

The smell of old books filled the bloody basement.

Beta didn’t see any of the madness and ferocity the rumors spoke of. The vampire’s gestures held subtle grace, and her small face held intoxicating charm. Her appearance was completely different from what Beta had learned.

“Then I will send you to the side of that god you so revere.”

The reality Beta faced was too different from what she studied. There was no common sense surrounding her, no powerful word of any renowned priest.

She was alone.

Beta had never experienced such a trial. Was she to chase faith, or submit to the power that had presented itself?

She made her choice. Not based on faith, but simply on the belief she had held until now.

“Lord! Guide me!”

– Bam.

The bullet dug into the vampire’s eye. The girl’s head was thrown backward. Blood splattered,

accompanied by the sound of ruptured flesh.

Even as Beta felt guilty, as if she had destroyed a piece of art with her own hands, she felt an odd ecstasy from overcoming temptation and following her faith.

“I, I did it. I didn’t fall for the devil’s temptation… I, I defeated the vampire!”

But.

Naturally.

“… Is that your will?”

The splattered blood rose again, and her neck returned to its place like the world was rewinding. The bullet that pierced her eye was pushed out from the inside and dropped to the ground.

Her irises were still red. no, they were even redder than before.

The moment Beta met those eyes, she froze like a rat facing a snake. She struggled to move her limbs as if her body was no longer hers.

While the rest of the world was frozen, the white vampire girl raised her pale hands.

“Then die for your Lord.”

Neigh.

Beta heard an ominous snort. Turning her head, she found a huge, blood-red horse glaring at her,

Its eyes glowing red.

When had it approached? How was such a large creature down here?

But those questions were quickly far gone from her mind.

Beta groaned in terror.

“Ah-ah!!”

She tried to shoot, but her finger wouldn’t move. It was like even the gun was rejecting her. The thing wouldn’t budge however she pulled at it.

Looking down in a hurry, Beta saw the gun was already soaked red in blood from its handle to its muzzle. It was controlling the gun’s barrel.

And that wasn’t all. She realized even her body wasn’t listening to her commands. Cobweb-like threads of blood were lined over her skin. The vampire’s blood was binding Beta’s arm, forcing her movement.

The blood of Progenitor Tyrkanzyaka was dominance itself. In the distant past, she had controlled half of the world using this power. Five countries and seventy-two territories had fallen into her hands before its people even realized it.

It was the Sanguine Mark. A token of becoming a part of the Progenitor, a puppet that moves according to her will.

The muzzle of the gun moved toward Beta’s eyes. Her own weapon was glaring at her most fragile parts.

She couldn’t stop it even though she tried. This was the power of a vampire who had been heralded as a Calamity for millennia. Mere strong faith wasn’t enough to resist it. Beta’s hands and eyes trembled, but regardless, her body aimed the gun at its master.

She could see the cold circle of steel and the darkness locked within. The smell of gunpowder wafted out. It smelled like the blazing sulfur of hell.

One twitch of the finger, and that cold, dark hole would burn red and spit out an iron bullet. The foolish bullet, unable to recognize its master, would penetrate her eye and tear apart her brain.

Despairingly, humans had the ability to imagine the terrible things that would come in the future.

Not even strong faith prevented fear from seeping out. Beta’s teeth chattered. Her eyes shook in the face of imminent destruction. Faith was neither visible nor tangible, and it could not protect her from that bullet.

It could only safeguard her soul.

“P-Please spare me.”

God was far away, and her gun had betrayed her. All that remained was a still-young girl.

So, there was no choice. It would be harsh to expect something beyond life from an ordinary person.

But sadly, cruel trials that demanded life came too often, a frequency disproportionate to their severity.

“You have neither manners, elegance, nor even spirit. How pathetic. I would have personally corrupted you if you cried for God until the end.”

The vampire heaved a short, conclusive sigh, which signified her decision to end the fate of the human before her.

Her hand waved in the air like a beautiful butterfly.

“Go.”

– Click.

The trigger was pulled. Beta foresaw death and closed her eyes.

But the bullet wasn’t fired. She only heard the trigger being pulled in vain. Although the Sanguine Mark had pulled the trigger, it hadn’t pulled the breechblock to eject the empty shell and load a new bullet.

“Ha, ahaha.”

Beta had survived. But as she smiled faintly, the sanguine steed reared its hooves.

And that was it.

Like a weed unthinkingly trampled by traveling horses, like an insect meaninglessly crushed to death by a human’s finger, the life of one human was reduced to a splash of blood.

She didn’t even leave a corpse. A bug crushed by a boulder would only leave pieces of itself behind, and likewise, the human trampled beneath Ralion’s hooves became part of the floor and walls.

Tyrkanzyaka swung her hand, releasing a wave of blood that erased what little remained of Beta.

Afterward, nothing was left.

The vampire had gotten rid of the rude intruder. From the world, and her memory.

The sanguine ocean was too vast to remember a mere pool of blood.

But the iron bullet that barely wounded her did remain. Tyrkanzyaka picked up the bullet with her white hand.

It had been so long since metal had dug into her body. She would have to trace back countless days and nights to remember. Although this type of attack couldn’t harm the Progenitor of Vampires in the least… Nevertheless, it was an achievement attempted by many outstanding knights in the past and only succeeded by a scarce few.

Yet such an ordinary-looking girl had pulled it off.

“It stings slightly… Looks like the humans of today all have an ace or two up their sleeve.”

Not to mention, the gun hadn’t activated when Tyrkanzyaka pulled its trigger. Apparently, it had some special function that recognized its user.

After seeing a gun and being shot for the first time, the ancient one muttered to herself.

“I suppose there is a need to be wary.”

.

..

…

……

Today’s the best day of all!

The human! The human made something yummy!

It was meat but it tasted like beans too and it was delicious! And we played ball too!

The human, the ball throwing, they were so slow I was a little bored!

Still I liked it! Playing ball is fun to play!

And, and!

“Woof!”

New humans! Lots!

So fun to have so many humans talking!

Oh!

Is there anyone among those humans who’ll fulfill the promise?

“Woof-woof!”

They’ll like me if I go up smiling!

We’ll grow closer playing ball!

It’s okay not to fulfill the promise!

Humans are still humans!

One showed up! And talked to me! Let’s play! So fun!

It’ll be fun!

So fun!

Fun. Fu—

Bang.

….

I know.

They’re scared of me.

They’re scared of me.

They’re all afraid. Trembling. They want to run.

They don’t, because there’s no place to run.

I’m sad.

They don’t rely on me as I rely on them. I feel like I’ll fall apart.

I’m anxious.

But if I keep laughing, if I keep relying, maybe they’ll rely on me one day?

Let’s play a little more.

A little, a little more.

….

They all left. Because they’re scared, they ran without even meeting my eyes.

Monster. Someone muttered that as they passed.

But I’m no monster. I’m Azzy. A good Azzy who listens well, and knows how to wait!

I listened to a human and came to this dark, dark place.

I waited here a long time. Even though I got no answers, I kept waiting, and waiting.

Even when humans scarily killed humans, and there was nasty-smelling blood, I kept my eyes closed and held on.

Because I’m a good Azzy. A good Azzy who cheers up and waits even if I’m bored and lonely!

… Still. They must be scared of me.

“Go fetch!”

Apart from this good human.

The good human’s hand, is good.

Pet me often. Scratch my hair and chin.

Still, I have the good human with me, so I’m good!

And after petting me, the good human walked to the bad human.

He raised his hands smiling brightly. A white square thing appeared from the back of his hand!

He keeps saying something, moving the white square around!

Huh?

Prrk.

Blood is coming out. The human fell. And he doesn’t move.

“Woof?”

He died. Mhm. He died.

The human killed a human. Blood is coming out. Not stopping.

He died.

It was same last time. Humans killing each other must be normal.

No, rather. Maybe to humans, death… comes in human shape, not hunger, sickness, or predators.

“Hoo.”

The human who killed is closing his eyes.

He’s a good human who makes me yummy food, plays ball, and pets me a lot.

He gets annoyed sometimes, and tried to hit me once for some reason, but he doesn’t get scared of me. He’s a good human.

A good human like that, killed another human.

He’s a good human to me, but it looks like he’s not a good human to other humans.

But.

Maybe.

“Woof.”

Are you scared of me too?

When I got close, the good human frowned.

I’m suddenly scared. Is he afraid of me?

“Eh. Why did you come? You hungry? Don’t think about eating corpses now. If you get hooked on human meat, I’ll be in dang—I mean, people will hate it.”

I know. I won’t eat. Human meat not really attractive.

I know they’ll be scared if I eat.

So I won’t eat. I’m a good Azzy after all.

“Huuh? Oi. There’s no time for petting right now, alright? I have something to do so go over there for a bit.”

I want to be close. I don’t want to become scary.

But if I’m scary, I want you to tell me from the start.

“I said go! I got no time to touch you!”

If you’re scared, I’d rather leave.

“Oi. Nevermind. I can’t tell what you’re thinking.”

The human clicked his tongue and pressed my head. It’s not heavy at all but I moved. I went back two steps, and the human hugged me and petted me roughly.

It was rough, but I liked it.

If he was scared, he wouldn’t have hugged me so tight.

“You happy? Happy right? I pet you enough, yeah? I’m going off to whack some people, okay? You can’t murder anyone, so just go to the cafeteria and stay there licking a pot or something! Shoo! Shoo!”

I will.

I can’t fight humans. If it comes to fighting humans, I can’t help the good human.

But, still.

I want the good human to live.

If you die, I’ll be sad and cry. Cry all day.

I’ll probably forget to eat for about two days.

So.

Lick.

.

..

…

……

Azzy licked my cheek and plodded off toward the cafeteria. I wiped the saliva off with my hand.

That dog-girl really was an odd one. She’d get happy on her own one moment, then all gloomy the next.

As usual, I had a hard time reading the dog’s thoughts. She was the representative of her kind born to communicate with humans, yet I was clueless about her mind.

Maybe it was normal not to know? The Dog King was the representing person, or should I say dog, of all canines. Maybe it would be more problematic if I could read her thoughts.

“Now, anyway. I did find what I wanted.”

My head hurt from overusing my mind-reading ability, but I still managed to get something out of it.

The Resistance members who died so far were riff-raff that was only there to make up the numbers. The true body of the group, Kanysen and the technician, was still inside the control center. They seemed to have discovered something as they weren’t moving.

The vampire was in the underground armory. The Regressor was fighting the enemy with the combat suit. They both had the power to defeat their foes in a jiffy and come to help me.

If there was a problem, it was that neither had the intention of doing so.

The vampire had no interest in what happened outside, while the regressor was deliberating limiting her strength, believing that I would handle things on my own.

“For crying out loud. Like hell, I’ll handle things on my own.”

Should I immediately rush over, explain the situation to the Regressor, have her take down her opponent fast, and stop Kanysen from blowing up Tantalus?

Sure it was possible, but that would take too long. In addition, the Regressor was at maximum alert against me, so she might not believe my words.

Did I have to do something myself somehow?

Ugh, I don’t have the confidence to win.

‘Found it!’

Huh? Did this thought come from that technician called Gamma? Why’d it come so loudly out of nowhere? I bet the whole world could hear.

｢I’ve found out the secret to Tantalus! Who’d have expected it to have a structure like this? I’d never have known if the basement of the control center hadn’t been dug up!｣

Huh? What’s that? He found out a secret?

｢Haha! With a structure like this… We won’t even need many explosives to destroy it! It’ll take a single moment to collapse! I have to quickly report to the Captain!｣

No, wait! Seriously?

There was no time. I rushed toward the control center.





༺ The Resistance – 6 ༻

The half-destroyed control center was dark. The only interior illumination was the day-time lights leaking through the gap of the half-collapsed roof. But even that blurred as you wandered through the mountainous piles of rubble, the overturned floors, and the crumbled walls.

It was so dark and shady that any determined hider would turn invisible, but encountering the occasional illuminated spots would reveal them like a ghost. That was the control center.

I firmly held the gun I seized from the Resistance member’s corpse and hid in the shadows.

There was only one chance. I had to sneak through the dark and put an iron bullet through Kanysen’s vitals while his guard was down.

There would be no next time if I didn’t kill him in a single blow.

He was a former squire of a renowned knight, who had instructed him in a time-honored Qi Art, and the very first thing knights learned after acquiring Qi Art was Qi Deflection. With Qi Deflection activated, the force of ordinary arrows or bullets would be reduced to the level of stinging raindrops.

Even without it, it wasn’t easy to penetrate the resilience of a trained body with a bullet. Unless I hit a vital, Kanysen would easily endure at least one shot, then he would come after me in a murderous pursuit.

This was why the gun wasn’t rated as a particularly good weapon despite being recognized for its utility. Its sole purpose was to grant some power to ordinary people who had nothing else.

I focused my mind as I walked carefully inside. I could hear thoughts from beyond the rubble. Kanysen was down on one knee, staring at a passage to the basement. Gamma was hanging by a rope in the collapsed underground passage, investigating the place.

｢I found out! So this is how they made the floor of the abyss! Then if we just install bombs at two points, we can bring the whole place down!｣

Hello, Regressor? Wasn’t Tantalus supposed to hold out for at least a year? It looks like these guys have figured something out. What do we do about this?

I sighed, inwardly blaming the Regressor. It was clear I had to get rid of these two if I wanted to live.

Fortunately, Kanysen was staring down the passage. His heart was only filled with the fervor of successfully completing this terror attack. Good. There’d be no worry about me getting noticed in this situation. So long as I got a good angle, that would be the end.

I took a careful step.

｢Mm? A presence?｣

The bad thing about mind-reading was that knowing someone else’s thoughts didn’t exactly improve my capabilities.

The good thing? I still had the initiative as I could perceive their vigilance.

Realizing Kanysen’s alarm before he turned around, I rushed to hide in the shadows. Immediately after, his attention turned toward the surface passage. He glared down the passage with a frown.

｢Did I imagine it…? I want to investigate, but regretfully, I can’t move while Gamma is down there.｣

Gamma was the only one capable of destroying Tantalus right now. Kanysen couldn’t do anything alone as he lacked the technical knowledge, which was why he prioritized Gamma’s protection above all else.

｢Still, I set a simple trap in the passage. I’ll notice if someone steps on it.｣

Oh, aren’t you a meticulous one? Setting a trap where you pass even at a time like this?

But a revealed trap only posed a tenth of its original danger.

I moved through the rubble with caution and eventually found a shiny thread by my ankles. It was unnaturally taut.

Is this thread trap the defense you believe in? How laughable.

I gently raised my foot and sstealthily crossed over the—

Dingle-dingle.

It’s a double trap?

So it was a double trap. Blast it.

I had read Kanysen’s thoughts too carelessly. I was confused because it was routine for his kind of people to set two layers of traps, which was why he wasn’t very conscious of it!

“Who is it!”

Kanysen reacted immediately to the bells. He was close. I’d be caught in a flash if he quickly ran over.

There was no choice. I thrust my gun over the corner and fired without delay.

Bam!

Kanysen covered his face with both arms and closed his eyes, taking the exemplary response against guns; by activating Qi Deflection over his whole body, he’d be safe as long as he wasn’t hit in the face, especially the eyes.

A knight’s way of dealing with guns was to charge like a bull while protecting himself with Qi Deflection. Kanysen kept faithful to that precept.

Or he would have if my bullet didn’t hit the passage to the basement.

“Ugh!”

I smirked at the sight of him flinching and took that opportunity to hide among the rubble.

There was no reason to shoot his body since I knew it was pointless. Instead, I aimed at the underground passage—the rope hanging over it to be exact—to make him hesitate. Gamma’s life currently held more value than his, after all.

“Captain?! What’s going on!”

“Stay still, Gamma. And don’t come up.”

“What?”

“It’s an ambush. Keep hiding below.”

“Yes, sir!”

Kanysen got up after giving a firm warning. He gathered the rubble around him, glaring across the surface passage.

｢The rope tied to the pillar is supporting Gamma’s weight. If it’s cut, he’ll be isolated beneath this fissure in the ground. I have to defend the rope.｣

Thanks for explaining. I just have to cut the rope then. I’ll shoot it with this gun and run. It’d be hard to hit the thin rope, but I figured I’d land at least one of around five shots at the part tied to that pillar.

｢I’ll pile up the rubble to protect the rope, then go get that attacker.｣

Come on, that’s cheating.

Kanysen layered broken steel frames and planks to cover the rope. It was a rushed makeshift barrier, but it would block two or three bullets. Blast it. Everything’s ruined.

“Who are you? Identify yourself.”

After he was done assembling the barrier, Kanysen took a wary step my way.

Well, I was screwed. That was my conclusion after some careful thinking.

Kanysen was making aggressive use of Qi Deflection, and I doubted my shots would even touch his skin. Even if it did, the metal wouldn’t even penetrate his Qi-protected flesh.

Now my gun was, at best, a substitute for a blindfold. Bullets couldn’t harm him.

So that left only one way.

“Hello, comrade. Is the escape plan going smoothly?”

I called out to him as I hid deep in the rubble. Kanysen flinched upon hearing the still-unfamiliar voice he heard several minutes ago.

When he belatedly realized who I was, he adopted a growling tone.

“… You’re that laborer. What did you do to Delta?”

“I let him meet his imminent fate a little early. This gun is his memento. I tried shooting it and boy does it sound clear. Looks like he usually took meticulous care of his weapon. It’s very like his personality.”

“Bastard!”

Enraged, Kanysen seized a nearby metal pipe and swung it violently. It was a powerful strike. I heard something breaking apart beyond my cover of rubble. My waist would probably be severed if I got hit by that.

But while he could cause some damage to the rubble with his skills, he couldn’t split it all apart like the Regressor. His senses were sharp, but he was deaf compared to the Dog King, and unlike the vampire who controlled space itself, he couldn’t harm me without swinging a weapon.

The man was stronger than I was, but he wasn’t some transcendent being, merely a knight akin to someone who was now a legacy of the past.

He was just at the level of being normally strong.

I changed location with a sneer. There was no need to hide perfectly. I only needed to hide somewhere he didn’t know and couldn’t see.

“You didn’t come here to rescue anyone, and neither did you make any preparations to escape. You planned on bringing the whole place down in the first place, didn’t you?”

“So you saw through me from the start.”

“Honestly, it’s obvious if you think about it a little, don’t you think? Everyone knows the Resistance are like fire-seeking moths. And it’s also well-known that this is the abyss where there’s no escape once you’re in. With those two open facts, wouldn’t I be the one with a problem if I didn’t know?”

“It was all an act then. You had me completely fooled from the moment we met.”

His voice was filled with anger. Kanysen started moving with the intention of personally tearing me apart.

Like I’d let him. I fired again, and he instinctively flinched. It wasn’t that he feared getting shot, he was wary because he knew I was after Gamma.

Good. I had him baited.

While he was on guard, I moved behind the collapsed roof. It was dark all around and there were many obstacles, so our voices echoed greatly. He couldn’t pinpoint my exact location unless I spoke, which was why Kanysen gritted his teeth and spoke to me.

“Sending Alpha and Beta away must have been your trap as well.”

｢Answer me. Answer, and show me where you are. That will be your last.｣

His plan was clear as day, but I willingly fell for it out of necessity.

“What are you talking about? That wasn’t my trap. Alpha, Beta, and Delta died, and even Gamma will be joining them soon, but is that really my fault now?”

Hearing my voice, Kanysen strode this way. Mind-reading his movement path, I kept my distance from him in a large circle.

Now then, my strategy was the same one used in a normal gun versus melee confrontation. I had to wound him before he drew close using the sound of my voice.

As for my gun? It was no longer a weapon but a tool. Just a device to draw and divert attention, similar to a magician’s prop.

“Because the one who drove them to their deaths? It’s none other than you, Kanysen.”

My target was Kanysen’s spirit, his mind, which was as firm as stone but cracked by the harsh developments of life.

If bullets couldn’t pierce his body, then I had to resort to putting a hole in his heart. Wouldn’t that be the way a mind-reader fought?

“Don’t go off calling my name with that filthy mouth. They used their lives, and almost succeeded. They would have completed their missions if not for you.”

“Don’t talk about the lives of others with “your” filthy mouth. They would’ve died regardless. Bombing Tantalus is a white elephant of a mission that’s bound to fail anyway and gives nothing even if succeeded. If it weren’t for you, they would’ve used their lives for a mission with a little more meaning and honor.”

“How ignorant and presumptuous!”

I mind-read what he was seeing. He was coming this way. I lowered my breath and crept under a toppled table. Kanysen’s line of sight slightly missed me in the dark. After escaping that dangerous position, I crawled under a fallen cabinet.

Now then. I had to take down Kanysen eventually, otherwise, I wouldn’t be able to even escape this area. As for how I’d do it? That required some more thought.

At that moment, I saw the cabinet I knocked down the other day when I came here with Azzy. It was the cabinet holding clothing packets, the one with the warden’s uniform.

I was sure it contained “that” item. I couldn’t use it against the Regressor, the vampire, or Azzy, but it would work on Kanysen.

I carefully reached inside the cabinet, took out a rather peculiarly-shaped clothing packet, and hid it in my hand. The square, hard gray packet was heavy like a steel mahjong plate.

Good. All the pieces of the puzzle were collected now.

It was time to bring out an old move, a technique I had sealed away after finding the legitimate work called gambling—pickpocketing.





༺ The Resistance – 7 ༻

I had my tools and also set the ending. The only question remaining was how awesome my acting would be.

Shall I begin then?

“I know. About everything. How ugly you are. How you drove promising young people to their deaths with vile lies and deceptions.”

“Don’t make me laugh!”

“Alpha, Beta, Gamma, Delta, and even yourself, Kanysen.”

His head whipped toward the direction of my voice, but he lost his target. I heard him click his tongue. The man searched the wrong places for a moment before he turned around and grew more careful in his hunt, steadily narrowing his search range.

There wasn’t much space left to avoid Kanysen. It’d become harder to move as he drew closer. I had to finish the necessary preparations before that happened.

“All of you had no other choice than to die coming down here, yes? Succeeding in the mission would’ve resulted in blowing up along with Tantalus and being buried under the abyss. Failing would’ve brought on a fatal pursuit by the State’s soldiers. The Resistance was as good as dead from the moment they entered this place.”

“It’s what we braced ourselves for! Don’t belittle our resolve!”

“Haah. You’re saying that to me? But you’re the one who disregarded their resolve.”

I took on a sneering tone and plainly recited the truth I had read off his mind.

“You didn’t let them make their own decisions. Instead, you drove them into a situation where they had no other options.”

｢Responding to such sophistry is foolish. I’ll let him blather. It’s more important to focus on his voice and pin him down.｣

Kanysen no longer replied. He kept silent under the excuse of having to find me, but my mind-reading could delve into the emotion beneath that facade. He was growling desperately to hide the truth that would come from my mouth.

My time to act was near.

I gingerly slipped out of the cabinet I was under and faced a dashboard hanging on the wall to make my voice echo.

“Didn’t you have the ability to escape through the State’s blockade? Didn’t you have the time to hide in the supply box? You were already a wanted man, Kanysen, but not the others. With the leeway you had, they could’ve feigned innocence and acted like ordinary citizens.”

Alpha, Beta, Delta, and Gamma. They were all merely terrorists in the making who looked like common immature youngsters, kids with rebellious ideas. Maybe one of them would’ve been unluckily arrested during the huge arrest operation, but who knew? Yes. They could have survived.

“But you didn’t save them. In fact, you shoved them into death’s jaws. You’re the one who got caught, so why did they have to run away too?”

“Bullshit.”

“What if you didn’t tell them you were ‘caught’ as you were escaping? What if instead of giving the order to flee in a group, you told them the plan failed and gave the order to hide the evidence and aim for the next opportunity? What if you told them to leave you and fend for themselves?”

“Bullshit!”

“What if you didn’t suggest a path to death like it were the only way for those helpless youngsters? If they chose a different hiding place instead of the logistics division, that dead end, don’t you think they might’ve survived?”

I could feel him trembling. Breaking. Crumbling. Kanysen’s firm will, his noble spirit, and his chivalric heart collapsed before his guilt. I was the trumpeter of his conscience.

Although these accusations came out of my mouth, what gnawed away at the man was actually his own ideals.

Kanysen lost his head at the mental blow and started screaming.

“No! They were all warriors. They acted for the greater good, even if it meant using their lives! Don’t insult them! You’re just a dog who has succumbed to oppression!”

“But you’re the one insulting them, Kanysen. They tried to win their desired futures at the cost of their lives. And their bucket list didn’t include risking everything to accompany your suicide mission.”

Cla-clang!

Kanysen hurled his metal pipe with all his might, and it powerfully collided somewhere, bringing down a messy pile of rubble and rocking nearby broken planks.

“Shut up!”

He made wild noise as if he no longer wanted to hear my voice. But I was a kind-hearted man with a tendency to put in another word when told to shut up.

“You were a dead man from the moment you were put under police interrogation, Kanysen. Whether death came sooner or later, whether you committed suicide or got shot down. The moment those soldiers rang your doorbell—no, the moment the military chiefs planned that massive raid, there was no way to save you.”

“What do you know!?”

Oh, but I knew everything.

I kept talking while on the move to evade his chase.

“But you always wanted to use your life in a meaningful way. You wanted to give it up for greater honor. Getting raided by the State, having your plan exposed, and being shot to death after resisting? Now that sort of miserable, meaningless fate wasn’t in the future you envisioned. Was it a hunger for glory or revenge? Not wanting to die alone, you forced your comrades to gather and imposed a plan.”

“I said shut up! Don’t talk as if you could read my mind!”

I was only reciting what I read in his mind, yet that was wounding him. It wasn’t even surprising. People usually hurt themselves the most with their feelings of self-dissatisfaction.

“Once you hid in the supply box, you had no way left other than to hide in Tantalus. The inspection wouldn’t be so thorough since the prison was empty due to the jailbreak, after all. But if there was one problem, I suppose it’d be the question of whether Tantalus was worth the mortal risk of attacking?”

It was a natural question. Dissident organizations only attacked prisons when they needed the people locked inside. But whether it was to recruit the prisoners or release them to pressure the government, both were only possible when the prison wasn’t empty.

If Kanysen had thought Tantalus was in a normal state, then his choice would have been a decent one—putting aside whether he could escape or not.

In other words, though…

“Kanysen. You were wise enough to know that a massive jailbreak occurred in Tantalus.”

A prison without prisoners?

“Yet you persuaded the other Resistance members to force an attack.”

Now that wasn’t worth breaking.

“You knew there was no point in doing so, yet you pushed that thought away for the moment. Then in that small, dark supply box, you kept telling yourself what a huge target Tantalus was, and what it symbolized for the Military State, kept on chanting like it was a hypnotizing mantra. To fool them, and.. to fool yourself.”

That was why Kanysen deceived his comrades. He convinced them to join him despite knowing there was nothing to gain from Tantalus. Instead of grimly resolving to tell them to escape while he acted as bait, so they could plan for the future before it was too late, he demanded their lives.

Not for country, not for justice, but—

“For your sake.”

“Shut—up—!”

Fury consumed reason. Kanysen was running without any heed now, digging through the rubble barehanded, not even holding a weapon as he came for me in a straight line, driven by the sheer intent to murder me and silence my blabbering mouth.

The more a man loved himself, the more he believed himself to be noble, the higher and stronger the walls surrounding his ego, the weaker he was to attacks from within.

“What do the likes of you know! They didn’t hesitate to give their lives to bring down the State! And I know their will is unchanged! So long as we destroy Tantalus, and leave at least a trace of our names in history! So the later generations can remember us! Wouldn’t that be enough!”

Kanysen turned over a desk with both hands and thrust aside a cabinet in his way. He tore through iron frames like they were wooden branches, not caring for his hands getting injured.

The man was on a rampage now, intent on breaking apart every bit of rubble in the passage. I had no choice but to keep running back faced with his reckless charge.

“I won’t kill you easily. I’ll catch you and tear you to shreds with my bare hands!”

My taunt was successful, though I wasn’t sure if this was good or bad. Seeing his excessive agitation, I decided to calm him a little.

“Ahaha. Calm down, mister. Who cares? You only demanded others to give up their lives. It’s common. The State does it all the time! You hated the State so much that you ended up the same as them! Hahahaha!”

“I’ll rip that piehole apart first! Chop your tongue to pieces! Let’s see if you can still jibber with your lungs gouged out!”

Woah. It looked like I’d be in for a butchering if I got caught. I wonder what grade my meat would be? Just out of curiosity.

Anyway, a human’s greatest weapon is his rational mind. Kanysen’s loss of rationality was my opportunity to win. I took out the packet from earlier and my card and hid them in my hands.

I’d only get one chance this time as well. Though well, it had always been that way for me.

I measured the distance between us. As he was overturning another pile of rubble, our eyes met over an empty bookcase. I put on a slightly surprised look and turned my back. Immediately after, there was an explosion of noise as he knocked down the bookcase and came after me.

I jumped, ducked, and ran. Behind me, Kanysen bulldozed through everything while using Qi Deflection over his whole body. A chair with a broken leg flew threw the air, while a cracked light bounced off like a ball and shattered to smithereens.

Smash, shatter.

Chaos was happening behind me in real-time. I’d be seriously injured merely getting hit by any of those objects.

“Stop—right—there!”

Kanysen paused to snatch up a nearby chairback and throw it at me.

I heard something terrifyingly shoot through the air. Mind-reading the situation, I barely ducked down before it smashed the back of my skull. The chairback whizzed past my head. I went giddy at the near miss.

“I’ll seriously die at this rate.”

I turned a corner and hid closely behind the wall. Instead of widening the distance, I kept still and held my breath, listening to the approaching thumping footsteps, reading his thoughts.

Consumed with rage, Kanysen was hot on my tail. I focused my mind and measured the distance between us using my power.

Two steps.

One step.

Now!

I aimed my gun at the oncoming blurry silhouette and fired.

Bam!

“Hmff!”

Hearing the gunshot, Kanysen flinched and covered his eyes out of reflex.

While he was frozen, I tossed the gun aside and sprang out from behind the corner. Pouncing toward Kanysen, I brandished my hidden card, which transformed into a sharp skewer as it slid past my wrist. I exerted the whole weight of my body and stabbed.

Kanysen’s eyes widened.

“Take this, the skewer that killed Delta!”

The point of the skewer moved toward his temple. Although it wasn’t perfect, it was the best attack I could manage. However.

｢Just about what I expected. A cheap trick!｣

Kanysen clearly saw it coming with his wide-open eyes. His right hand shot up and caught my fist in a crushing grip. He diverted my aim, then made me drop the skewer by twisting my wrist. At the same time, he grabbed my collar with his other hand and slammed me to the wall. I felt my body rising, and a second later, my whole back hit hard concrete.

“Kagh!”

Realizing I was being strangled, I hastily grabbed his wrist, but it was like a rock that didn’t budge.

Kanysen wore a grim look as he muttered.

“I trust you’re ready to die after all that nonsense you spouted.”

“Krgh, wa-it. Agh.”

“I can’t hear well. Where did that laid-back attitude from earlier go?”

“Kah, agh.”

I can’t talk if you don’t let me go, asshole!

I desperately tapped the hand gripping my throat. After several tries, Kanysen eased his grip

as if he wanted to hear what I had to say.

Oh, much better.

Gasping for breath, I lived up to his expectation.

“Ta, tada!”

“What?”

I inwardly praised my “scenario” as I raised both arms with a grin.

“Pickpocketing successful. Look at your left wrist! I stole something very important to you!”

‘Pickpocketing? My left wrist? What is he up to now.’

Despite his thoughts, his gaze naturally turned to the cuff of his left hand which was gripping my collar. He couldn’t help it. When you’re told to do something or otherwise, you can’t help growing conscious of it once it’s on your mind. Kanysen looked at his left sleeve with puzzled eyes.

Finally, the man was taking a glance as I bubbled with anticipation. I cried out in my excitement.

“Your freedom, that is!”

There was a large tear in Kanysen’s left sleeve, exposing his bio-receptor, the device created by magically synchronizing his arch-avatar, his biometric information. It was a symbol of the State’s totalitarianism, which was precisely why the Resistance had to install one if only to avoid inspections.

And an unknown packet was plugged into that bio-receptor.

Kanysen muttered with a dumb face.

“A clothing… packet?”

It was no ordinary clothing packet. The item was stored along with an instructor’s uniform packet in a prison. That packet, which I was so delighted to find, was labeled with the sign of a chain.

‘A straitjacket packet!’

Kanysen tried to get the packet out in bewilderment, but it was already too late. It forcibly drew mana from his bio-receptor. Upon registering his arch-avatar, the packet began to vibrate

and disassemble into tens of thousands of serpentine threads that enveloped him.

His constricting grip on my throat fell away. I massaged my aching neck as I landed on the floor.

Kanysen was pointlessly resisting the straitjacket that was restraining him. Not for long, of course. The packet was a trap made to be used against individuals. It was the worst invention of the State that was designed to control humans, and an “average” strong man like him could never undo it.

I gave a deep bow and revealed my act.

“Upgraded pickpocketing: picksocketing! A brilliant success!”

We will be changing MC’s designation from Instructor to Warden. Since it seems in later chapter author uses mostly “warden” with occasional “instructor” to refer to MC’s designation. So for the sake of consistency, we will be sticking to one term, warden.





༺ The Resistance – 8 ༻

A clothing packet was made based on the avatar information in a bio-receptor. As such, when inserted in a bio-receptor, it would cover the body of an individual exactly according to their height, figure, and size.

It was convenient. There was no need to bother wearing or taking off clothes, and laundry was easy too. There was even no need to buy a new set when you grew taller or fatter. Although there were cases when the clothing packet was rendered unusable due to long use or damage, that applied to everything in the world.

The State’s citizens became addicted to that convenience. This luxury aspect was the bigger reason, over the State’s power, why few people opposed the military government’s policy of installing bio-receptors in every citizen.

Most gladly accepted the surgery, assuming the country was doing something helpful for once, and the tacit consent of the majority naturally led to the persecution of the minority. At some point, not installing the bio-receptor became a felony.

Thanks to that, the Military State gained restraining power over most of the population with the clothing packet alone.

“No!”

Fibers wrapped Kanysen’s body. He couldn’t pry nor cut them off because they formed right over his skin, constricting him.

Thinking of armor as clothes, the State created combat suits and weaponized clothing packets. Naturally, that wasn’t the end of it. I was wearing a straitjacket when I fell into the abyss, and straitjackets were also clothing. So how did I end up wearing one?

As one might guess, the State exploited clothing packets in yet another direction, by creating a living handcuff that couldn’t be taken off by the wearer once put on: the straitjacket packet.

The regressor didn’t loathe the sight of bio-receptors for no reason. Unless you had a floating sword like Chun-aeng or had the ability to empower your body using Qi Art, even a beast that could smash boulders and devour people to their bones would be rendered helpless once caught in that trap. Needless to say, humans were no exception.

Well, anyway.

“Thank you for your cooperation. You were my best assistant for the day.”

It was a pretty decent magic show. Although I called it a weakness, it was hardly easy to insert a clothing packet into someone’s bio-receptor during a fight. Better to simply cut their wrist with a knife, really. How are you supposed to tear your opponent’s sleeve and slip a packet inside when he’s watching everything? It’d be impossible for those who weren’t a magician of my caliber and also a former legendary pickpocket.

“Grgh! Grgh! Umph!”

Both of Kanysen’s arms were tied and fixed behind his back. His legs were also restrained, leaving him unable to move an inch. Each of his fingers was tightly bound by a strong belt, while iron cuffs connected to a metal ring wrapped his wrists.

He couldn’t even open his lips. An automatically completed custom gag dug between his lower jaw and upper gums without the slightest mercy. And to top everything off, there was a blindfold.

It was a perfect restraint that made it impossible to even think of the word “resistance”. Should I say it was so becoming of the State? The packet was bio-mechanically designed to prevent resistance at the core. It’s slightly embarrassing to admit, but even a magician like me couldn’t escape it.

Apparently, the way to calm an agitated beast was to cover its eyes. The concept applied to humans as well. Once Kanysen was blindfolded, he entered self-contemplation, he came to a realization after about a minute of writhing: he didn’t have the ability to take off the straitjacket.

Since the old days, the act of closing your eyes and taking an uncomfortable position was widely known as a way to govern your mind. Meditation, did they call it?

In this terrific state of meditation—terrific in the sense that he couldn’t stop of his own accord—Kanysen quickly calmed down and regained his senses.

｢Since, when? When did it start? Where was he hiding this packet? No, I. Why.｣

Good. Now he was ready to accept the magic. I grinned and went behind him to take off the blindfold. Kanysen flared up the moment he saw my smiling face, but he soon relaxed, accepting his defeat.

I knew it. I always did feel you had to give to get something in return. Look how kind he’s become after gifting him the straitjacket.

“Now then, take a look. It’s not every day that I reveal my tricks.”

Smiling slightly, I picked up my sharp skewer, flipped it over, transformed it into a card, hid it in my palm, and spread out both hands facing down. The long skewer had disappeared in an instant.

Kanysen turned wide-eyed.

｢I thought I made him drop it but…!｣

“Correct! I actually pretended to drop it, changed it into a card, and kept it hidden! This is what I used to tear your sleeve and picksocket! It’s nice that you catch on quickly!”

This pointed skewer was a thieving tool, and pickpockets carried at least one of them around. Its head was sharpened, so secretly using the skewer to stroke a bag would expose everything hidden inside.

｢I didn’t notice, damn it…!｣

“Don’t blame yourself too much. I used to be a promising pickpocket. So much so that one time, leather bags wouldn’t sell because I cut too much leather. I’ve washed my hands of it since then, but thankfully, my skills haven’t rusted yet.”

｢Damn… it… Just who the hell are you…!｣

“Oh, about that.”

But just as I was about to answer, I faintly heard Gamma’s teary voice from far away.

“Captain? Captain? You’re okay, right?”

Kanysen’s eyes snapped wide as he tried to respond.

｢No, Gamma! Keep quiet! Plant the bomb and deal a blow somehow!｣

His thoughts failed to get through his gag, though. Unfortunately, Gamma was no mind-reader and couldn’t read Kanysen’s wishes. Despite his intention, only I got to hear, and I was the one he least wanted to tip-off.

“Oh, right. He was there.”

｢No! Gamma, detonate the bomb quickly! This is the chance opportunity! Gamma!｣

“I should deal with that side first.”

｢Please! Gamma!｣

I pulled Kanysen along by the belt of his straitjacket. He got caught on the way every time he bumped into the fallen rubble. The exertion annoyed me, but still, I pulled vigorously, believing it was more painful for him.

Honestly, this was his fault. Who told him to wreck all the rubble?

I came back to the passage with the underground fissure. The rope tied to the pillar and hanging deep through the crack in the ground was shaking pitifully, like a fishing rod that had lost its owner. Hanging from it, Gamma stopped investigating what was below and pulled the rope, looking for Kanysen.

｢Why… is there no answer from the Captain? Even though I finally managed to understand Tantalus’ structure… I have to quickly install the bomb.｣

Tantalus’ structure?

I paused as I was about to cut the rope and read Gamma’s mind. Now, let’s see. What does the structure look like?

Uh. Mm. Uhh? Seriously?

After a moment of thought, I decided to ungag Kanysen instead of cutting the rope. I released the button holding the gag in place and the saliva-drenched device dropped to the floor. Kanysen froze momentarily, unable to comprehend what had happened, then the next second, he started shouting.

Meanwhile, I found a place to sit nearby and calmly read Gamma’s thoughts.

“This is an order! Gamma, detonate the explosives!”

“W-what?”

Gamma was lost as he shouted back in response.

“Captain! Please lift me up! There’s nothing to use as support below, so I can’t get up unless you pull the rope!”

“I was defeated! There’s no chance left now. Blow the explosives immediately before the rope is cut!”

“B-But. If I blow it here.”

“There is no chance left! Blow it up right now!”

“But the e-explosives are on me.”

“Yes! I’m telling you to take those explosives! And make it explode this instant!”

Gamma was a technician named Wikrol. He was once involved in the dark side of the State and witnessed the tools he personally made being used to take the lives of people. Stricken with great guilt, he couldn’t bear to see it happen anymore and devoted himself to the Resistance. That was how Wikrol the promising engineer became Gamma of the Resistance.

But even after joining the rebels, he was still a technician. No matter how much he respected his captain, he wouldn’t simply obey unreasonable orders.

“Blowing it up here won’t have any meaning! The explosion will only travel downwards!”

Gamma recalled what he saw below. In the control center full of scattered, broken junk, there was a passageway to the basement under a desk with a broken leg. The basement stairs had collapsed when the building was under attack, so a rope was necessary to go down.

Gamma had hung on the rope and continued to go down, squeezing through the wreckage. Eventually, he arrived at a wide open space that made him feel as if he were looking across a flat field while doing a handstand.

At that moment, Gamma realized the structure of Tantalus. The first thing he felt was the pleasure of an engineer, the exhilarating thrill of everything falling into place when an unfamiliar device is deconstructed by a single principle. Then came the jubilation of being able to destroy the prison that was painstakingly built by the Military State.

All Gamma had was a single case of explosives, but that was enough to send the astronomical investment made in the prison down the abyss. How efficient was this? It was an absurd exchange ratio. If Gamma were a merchant, he would’ve been called the scammer of the century.

But his captain, who knew nothing of technology, was forcing an order he could never accept.

Gamma screamed in rage.

“Tantalus is structured like a tray supported on both ends. It’s not built at the bottom of the abyss, it’s hanging between it!”

It was easy to break a plate spanning over something. All you had to do was get rid of the hanging ends and it would fall down. Mother Earth would take care of the rest.

“We have to divide the explosives into three portions to make a bomb here, and one at each hanging end! Then Tantalus will lose balance and fall down! That’s the only way to bring down this huge prison!”

There was only one right answer. The other choices were meaningless. Gamma desperately tried to persuade his captain, however…

“How many times have I said it’s impossible?! Can you not hear what I’m telling you, Gamma! Blow it up right now!”

“But I’m saying that’ll only get me killed!”

“I’m ordering you to die!”

“… What?”

Gamma’s thoughts stopped for a moment.

“He is nearby! It’s not too late to blow it! That’s the only way to deal even the slightest blow to the depraved State and the murderer of our comrades!”

“B-but. This…”

“BLOW—IT—UP!”

Gamma looked around. He was currently hanging on the lower floor of Tantalus. An explosion was an outward release of energy; even if the explosives were discharged in this wide-open space, that energy would spread downwards in vain.

He would have to climb up the rope and set a bomb between the fissure in the ground to cause any meaningful damage. Though even that would be far from enough to collapse Tantalus. But more importantly, Gamma was faced with enveloping fear.

What if Tantalus was dropped down? Although he would die at one point, it wouldn’t be very painful. The fall would go on and on as this was the abyss, so there would be enough time to accept death calmly. Perhaps he might even meet his friends on the way.

Gamma imagined celebrating success in their reunion until he eventually hit something and died in an instant. There wouldn’t be time to even feel pain. Mother Earth would swiftly take him into her warm embrace.

Or perhaps the fall would last forever. Then he would chat with his friends, laugh until he was sick of it, and eventually fall asleep exhausted. And he would never wake up again. Death would come to him like slumber in the dark.

But what if he detonated the explosives? Gamma would be reduced to bits and pieces flying everywhere. The discharge of light would blind him, the heat would burn his lungs, and in the explosion, his body would be torn to shreds and scattered in the abyss.

Gamma’s hands trembled. He had braced himself for death the moment he came down here, however… he still wasn’t prepared enough.

At last, I read all his thoughts, so I gripped my skewer and got up.

“You’re not prepared enough? Then I’ll help you.”

“No!”

Kanysen’s yelling and Gamma’s teary cries grew louder and louder. I shrugged helplessly.

“I’ll pay for this sin in hell.”

After declaring I was going to do as I damn well pleased in the most religious way I could, I slashed the rope with my skewer, cutting it loose. A miserable scream came from the Captain’s mouth. His voice echoed far away, even outside Tantalus.

And so Gamma was lost to the abyss. He would wander through eternity until he died in the bottomless chasm abandoned by Mother Earth. Until he fully accepted death and killed himself.

Kanysen sobbed. Now no one could bring him success. He couldn’t stop me from digging out his ugliness and thrusting it before his eyes.

“How ugly, right? What you kept up till the end was an order for him to throw his life away faster. All you did was urge someone else to die while you were restrained under my foot.”

“Kill me! Stop insulting me and be done with it!”

The truly great are few and far between. The rest are like those driven to the edge of a cliff, jumping off as if it were of their own volition. The lost children of the times who are neither heroes nor ordinary people.

Sadly enough, Kanysen Riverwood wasn’t one of the few. He was ultimately just another man driven down into the abyss.

“Self-justification, excuses. Meaningless repentance and confession. Self-contradiction. And hypocrisy. You poured manpower and resources into a pointless mission just so you could comfort yourself and say ‘I did my best’. Such an extravagant suicide. Four youths get to be buried alive with you, while the assets of the rebels ended up as your grave goods.”

“Kill me instead!”

Kanysen planted his face in the ground, writhing like a worm as he rammed his head down again and again.

That wasn’t enough to kill him.

So he took rocks in his mouth and chewed. The broken pieces tore the inside of his mouth. He swallowed them, so the sharp fragments could rip his innards apart.

That wasn’t enough to kill him.

He bit off his tongue. His teeth cut through the soft flesh and blood began to spurt out. But not even that was enough to kill him. Kanysen continued to inflict self-harm, wishing he could rather die and simply forget.

However, even if he wouldn’t be recorded in history, even if he wouldn’t be remembered by the tales through word of mouth, I wouldn’t be able to forget him. Not after reading his everything.

“I know you. The life you led, the things you saw and felt. I read everything about what you lived for and how you lived. And that is why I won’t judge you.”

I could read it all. Thoughts. Lives. Dreams. Even the flashing moment of eternity that came before death. I would read every flitting thought to weave them into a single book.

“I am the smallest ossuary in the world, the library that mourns the forgotten.”

“The ossuary does not judge the sins of the dead.”

“And the library does not grade its collection.”

“It merely keeps and remembers.”

The Captain tensed his whole body for a second before shooting one of the pieces of rock in his mouth at me. The blood-stained rock mixed with flesh flew at a curve… and landed by my feet.

This wasn’t an attack, it was a protest. A tragic protest demanding for me to kill him right now and end the pain, late as it was.

Well if that’s what he wants.

I took my skewer, went around to sit on his back, and raised the stick in a tight grip. Its pointed end was razor sharp. Sharp enough to easily stab through flesh.

“Farewell, Kanysen Riverwood.”

“The last knight who grew on the romance of beautiful rivers.”

“The world will forget you, no one will remember your end.”

“But I will remember you and your four young followers.”

When do you think a person dies?

Although there were diverse opinions regarding this question, at the very least, Kanysen Riverwood’s death was decided now. Because he had lost the will to live, and I had no intention of sparing him.

Kanysen closed his eyes and held his head up, stretching out his neck in the hopes I would rather kill him quickly. He was always ready to die and also to kill. Kanysen wouldn’t have batted an eye even if he murdered or was murdered. It was merely that he lacked the resolve to face his own hideous side.

There is no hell in this world.

No heaven either.

There is only one abandoned ossuary.

It isn’t a place of comfort, but still, I hope he would rest in peace.

I brought the skewer to his neck and pulled. The skewer’s point moved at an angle across his throat, splitting flesh and drawing out red life. Whether he suffered or gained peace as he died, no one in the world would know. None except for me.

There was a short moment of pain, followed by a flashback that seemed to go on forever. Soon his thoughts ceased, and what used to be Kanysen’s body became a corpse.

It was a small end for a small, meaningless book.





༺ The Resistance – Finale ༻

“Hoo.”

I let the strength out of my body and heaved a long sigh. I’ve always felt that mind-reading was uncomfortable despite its great utility; every time I killed someone, I would over-immerse myself in their perspective.

The end of life came with an eruption of intense emotions, which gave me the illusion of being swept away by a wave whenever I dealt the final blow. It made me feel like I was something more than I was when in reality, I had just barely managed to kill off a couple of people one by one in a clumsy bid for survival.

I suppose I can’t complain though. Mind-reading did save my life.

I exhaled deeply, feeling pain all over. There wasn’t a spot on my body that didn’t ache, what with that wild chase earlier and being slammed into a wall.

Suddenly, as I was resting for a bit, I heard a voice from behind me.

“You have spilled blood.”

The vampire? Did she come smelling the blood? Look at her appearing like the devil. I mean, I guess she is one. A blood-drinking devil.

I spoke to her without turning around.

“Go on and take the blood. It’s freshly killed and hot.”

“You do not need to tell me as I already am.”

No wonder the blood was flowing back there without even touching my body. I guess I said that for nothing. The act of spilling blood in Tantalus was feeding the vampire in itself, after all.

Oh, right. Since she’s here, I may as well ask a favor for something else.

“Hey, could you clear the corpse while you’re at it as well?”

“The corpse? I do not think he would have welcomed the thought becoming part of me. Why not bury it instead?”

“I disagree. There’s no proper burial spot here, since this being the abyss. And since the ground is concrete, the best we can manage is covering the body with cement. It won’t rot and can’t return to Mother Earth’s embrace either. He’ll be stuffed forever in that state. I’d say it’s better to sleep in a vampire’s coffin instead.”

“Without even holding a funeral?”

“It’s fine. I closed his eyes myself.”

“I did not hear of you being an undertaker.”

“A funeral is an act of remembering the past traces of life, isn’t it? In that sense, they had a great enough funeral.”

Vampire waved her hand, implying that she understood, and blood gathered to devour the body. The process sounded like something melting or being crushed, like the sounds of a myriad of waves wearing down rocks compressed into seconds.

It didn’t take long. The corpse disappeared along with the wave of blood, leaving only an unworn straitjacket as if there was nothing in the first place. Silence descended upon them.

As I kept still without giving any reaction, the vampire got bored of standing still and lightly stepped through the darkness toward me.

｢He recognized me without even looking my way. It is not the situation I expected… But I suppose a man of outstanding Qi Sense should be able to distinguish the presence of others.｣

Presence? Well, I guess she’s right if you consider mind-reading a form of Qi Sense.

｢In any case, he is not moving at all. Is he being sentimental over the act of murder? I guess he cannot help being young. Perhaps I shall comfort him a little.｣

Comfort me? For what?

As I stood dumbfounded after reading her thought, the vampire came up to my face.

“Blood is fated to flow and eventually reach the sea. And all else aside, were they not your enemies? Their strength may not have compared to yours, but they too were fellow warriors. You need not be depressed as the clash involved an equal risk of life for both sides.”

“I’m not really depressed though.”

“But you were hanging your head since earlier. Hold your chin up with dignity. That is the pride you must have for the power you gained, and the respect for the warriors you defeated.”

“No, I’m telling you I’m fine.”

I was hanging my head because my neck hurt from being strangled earlier. Not to mention I was tired from all that ducking and diving through the building. With my ordinary physical abilities, I needed to rest a little after such intense exertion.

While I was thinking to myself, the blood that swallowed Kanysen’s corpse drifted over to the vampire, enveloping her wrist and spinning in a circle. She quietly stared at the blood before giving a remark.

“According to this blood, the owner of the corpse I took must have been a prominent knight in life, yet you managed to take down and restrain him without suffering any injury. You certainly are worthy of appointing yourself as the warden of this abyss.”

Without any injury? It seemed she didn’t realize because I wasn’t bleeding, but just a minute ago, I was caught in one hand and slammed into a wall. I bet there were a bunch of bruises under my shirt.

How do I solve this misunderstanding… Eh? Do I really need to solve it though?

I cleared my throat.

“It’s not like I was being sentimental. I just closed my eyes for a moment in honor of his skills.”

“That is exactly what one considers being sentimental.”

“Well, I’ll be–”

“But putting that aside. I have come to meet you, yet you do not even think to face me. How long do you intend to keep sitting?”

“I was just about to get up.”

Finally feeling a little better after that little talk, I staggered up with a groan. But then I found the vampire standing right in front of me with a sparkle in her red eyes. She was a bit too close for liking.

Meeting my eyes, the vampire nodded and smiled, dripping with a sense of superiority.

“How is it? Can you recognize me?”

Huh? What is she on about? Of course I recognize—

｢This should be the first time he is facing my true body. Not anyone gets this opportunity, but I suppose it is not bad to give him a glimpse while I am out.｣

What’s this now? Why is she being all high and mighty over getting out of her wheelchair? Did she have success in rehab or what?

｢Let us see if you can still treat me like a hag after seeing my original form.｣

Whaa?

I scrunched my brows and took another look at the vampire’s features.

Small face, white complexion, and red eyes. The black dress over her body was an old garment that might be seen in a museum, and behind her back, her huge coffin was following closely like it were some attendant. And perched over her shoulder, she also had a black parasol that seemed to be made of darkness.

For some reason, I could clearly see the vampire’s face beneath the parasol despite the pitch-black around us. It was as if the parasol was sucking in the nearby darkness.

I mean, she certainly looked impressive, but what about her “original form”? Did she think I’d fall over in astonishment at the sight?

Oh, wait. It can’t be… How ridiculous. Shall I play along, then?

I acted startled at the sight of the vampire’s face.

“Wha? A woman? W-who? Could you possibly be… Trainee Tyrkanzyaka?”

“Indeed. Who else but me?”

The vampire wore a slight smile on her lips as she gave her perched parasol a spin, seeming to feel better.

“What a strange fellow. You act like I am a stranger after calling my name just a little while ago.”

“I mean, you changed all of a sudden so I was a bit… confused, should I say…? When did you come down the wheelch—uh, coffin?”

“A while ago. I manifested my true form for once to greet an unseemly intruder. My original intent was to go straight back inside after dealing with the matter, but I came out at the thick smell of blood outside.”

During this small exchange, I deliberately avoided even meeting the vampire’s gaze. I sneaked furtive glances, only to duck my head when we made eye contact. Seeing my obvious tension, the vampire narrowed her eyes as she thought to herself.

｢He acts like a bachelor who has never held a woman’s hand. Tsk. And the man claimed to be so trained. How can his attitude change so lightly, just because I gave a glimpse of my face?｣

For all her inward reproach, she was enjoying my reaction. The vampire let out a thoughtful sound as she stepped closer to me.

“But why do you not meet my eyes despite getting up?”

“A-about that.”

“What is the matter? Where did the chatterbox in you disappear to? This is unlike you.”

｢He must have no experience with women due to training from a young age. I do wonder if my mischief is too much for this innocent child, but…｣

The exuberant vampire came right up to my nose and bent over to look into my eyes. Her shining, flowing silver hair and blood-red eyes came into view.

“Still, this is our first time facing each other like this. It is saddening that you continue to look away. Come, say something will you?”

｢This is entirely your fault. If you did not make fun of me, I would not have taken revenge in such a childish way.｣

As the vampire was secretly wallowing in superiority, I replied in a tiny voice.

“Uh, I… apologize.”

“Apologize? For what?”

｢Do you think an apology will get me to forgive your disrespect until now? Not a chance. I shall bother you as much as you have teased me.｣

Oh really? The boot-licking ends here, old lady.

I completely switched my expression and took a cold tone.

“What, you ask? For not being able to keep up the flattery.”

“Mm?”

“With the way you talk and think, what’s the difference whether you’re in your coffin or not? It’s the same as always.”

I wondered why she was still sticking her face out in that pose. Mirroring her frown, I stuck my face out too. When we were almost about to touch, the vampire retreated in great shock.

I dug my ear nonchalantly as I continued.

“What the hell are you doing? There was a battle just a minute ago. If you were aware that you were showing your face for the first time, the priority should’ve been to identify yourself. What’s the idea with approaching from behind and asking if I recognize you?”

“E-Eh? Well.”

“What do you want me to do, Trainee Tyrkanzyaka? Go ‘wow’ and recite a poem, lauding your beauty or something? Or should I change my attitude after seeing your appearance and apologize for treating you so casually until now? Is that what you expected?”

｢N-not exactly… I just, I was feeling playful so…｣

But you were full of those thoughts!

Among the many tales told over a thousand years, the beauty of vampires was a well-known legend. People didn’t speculate about vampires possessing bewitching powers for no reason. The churches were bent on emphasizing their ugly sides, but anyway.

Those legends had raised her self-evaluation way too much. I wished she would act her age a little.

Ugh. Seriously.

“Will you stop making a fool of yourself?”

“A f-fool?!”

“Sure I get that wanting to hear you look young is a common trait of elderly folk, but still, you should consider the time and place for that. There was a fierce battle just 10 minutes ago. Please get it together, alright?”

It looked like her age didn’t wear away her shame too, at least. The vampire clutched her parasol with both hands in immense embarrassment. She held it so tightly that what little color remained in her hands drained away.

I debated teasing her a little more, but the shame I felt from the vampire was greater than I imagined. I quit the thought, figuring she’d explode from any more agitation.

When it came to reasoning with an immature adult, what you needed most was an accepting attitude. She was older than me, unlike children. And older folk tended to think they held the upper hand right off the bat, so when embarrassed, they’d immediately get angry instead of running away. A troublesome lot, really.

What can young and weak little me do? I have to put up with it.

“Ugh. Well, you’re a relatively better case. You are pretty, looking from a blank, objective point of view. Still, please hold back on the silliness. Time and place, okay?”

｢W-what is this? His words are surely unpleasant… yet he said nothing wrong, so being angry would be narrow-minded… but to keep quiet, it feels like I am being ignored…｣

“Since there’s nothing more to be done here, I think I might as well check the supply box. There just happens to be a supply of blood there as well, so how about you come along?”

“Oh, ah. Yes. Let us go.”

I walked off, not looking back. The vampire followed behind, clutching her parasol with embarrassment and confusion on her face.

Delta’s corpse was still lying near the supply drop. The vampire consumed that corpse as well. A human sewerage indeed… ah, I should avoid saying this to her. She might really be hurt.

Whew, what delicate consideration, such care with words. Aren’t I pretty sweet? Well, time to look at the supplies.

I opened the supply box, whistling. Inside, I found a ton of compressed canned beans.

“Huh?”

Strange. Sure the Military State was a nation of canned food maniacs, but they weren’t ignorant of the importance of nutrients. Yet there was no bread or rice at all?

My puzzlement didn’t last long, though. I discovered a dreadful mess inside the supply depot: traces of what used to be bread that appeared to have been nibbled away by evasive rats. I even found ripped cheese bags and empty milk cans.

And then it hit me. Five Resistance members were hiding in the supply box. It was obvious how they sustained themselves. Since they couldn’t open the compressed canned food which required a large amount of water and some cooking, they must’ve simply eaten bread and milk.

Haha. So that means. It’s canned food for supplies in the end?

“Graaagh! Those sons of bitches!”

I kicked the supply box in fury, only to reconfirm the durability of the State-made container. Damn it, my fricken feet!

I swerved around to face the vampire, bellowing.

“Trainee Tyrkanzyaka, take out the corpse right now! I’ll show you what a posthumous execution is about!”

“What is the matter this time?”

The vampire still looked sullen. She must have seen the bread crumbs, yet she didn’t react much because it wasn’t her food. I pointed inside the supply box, still bellowing.

“The bread! Is gone! Because these intruders stuffed themselves with it all! What are we supposed to live on!”

“Those round containers also contain food, do they not? There seems to be quite a large amount, so if there is no bread…”

“Making a suggestion to eat canned food is a trigger for revolution. Don’t even speak of it! Unlike a vampire like you who only thrives on age and human blood, people need delicious food!”

“W-what?! Thrives on age?!”

Oh dear. I let my honesty out in the heat of the moment…

But just as the vampire was about to unleash a bout of time-seasoned hysteria, someone walked out of the prison entrance. It was the Regressor. She seemed to be injured, a line of blood was dripping from her mouth, yet despite that, she looked rather satisfied.

Then again, she would be happy compared to her opponent, who was now a headless corpse being helplessly dragged along in her free hand. The large corpse equipped with the combat suit was spurting blood from its beheaded section.

｢I can at least cut through a combat suit, even with my Qi Art sealed away… which must mean I’ve grown a little stronger.｣

Why can she cut steel without even using Qi Art? For the life of me, I can’t understand.

Meanwhile, the vampire greeted the Regressor warmly.

“Shei, can you tell who I am?”

“Tyrkanzyaka, right? So you came out of your coffin. Here, I have some blood. Drink.”

The regressor handed the corpse over right away. The vampire, slightly dejected over being recognized so fast, consumed the corpse using her blood.

‘Do children in this age keep a portrait of me or something? They simply refuse to be surprised. When I made fun of visitors to my manor back in the day, I only had to show myself and they could not even look me in the face, regardless of age or gender… Boys nowadays are so like stone Buddha statues.’

Look at her, touching her face to check for wrinkles. How unseemly. Don’t you think it’s impossible for a stuffed old corpse to get wrinkles?

But rather than that, you still haven’t noticed Shei is cross-dressing when you’re taking her blood? Really, nothing is right about this vampire.

As the vampire was devouring the corpse with a wave of blood, she stared at the Regressor a moment before making a remark.

“You must have made progress. I can feel that the blood in your body is completely under your control.”

“It turned out real-life experience is the way to improve.”

The Regressor grinned as she wiped the blood from her mouth. Even though the vampire was right before her nose, her blood didn’t fly toward the former. It still clung to her skin, wetting it. The fact that her exposed blood wasn’t stolen meant the Regressor was at least capable of controlling her own blood.

Putting away her satisfied smile, the regressor looked around.

“What about the rest?”

“This child must have dealt with them all. When I went to look, only dead bodies remained.”

“Hmph.”

｢Cheh. I wondered if he might just die, but he does seem capable after all. It’s hard to trust that man’s character, but I guess I can trust his skills.｣

Excuse me, trust what?

I wished she wouldn’t believe in me and handle things on her own instead. Now I had no energy to even speak. I stood in a daze, staring at the pile of canned food.

There’s no helping it then. Azzy, those are all for you to eat.





༺ Fortune Comes to the Merry ༻

The concrete ground quaffed the blood of the fallen, and the endless darkness claimed the souls of the unfortunate. In the accursed abyss which even the benevolent Mother Earth couldn’t forgive, her foolish children failed to stop themselves from committing yet another sin.

The knight who yearned to mark his name on a page of history ultimately crossed the great divide with the four youths who followed him.

But flowing time washed away everything like a great river, flattening the ups and downs of life into the everyday ordinary. The deaths of yesterday sunk into the depths of unknown insignificance, and I found myself in the same routine as ever.

“Woof!”

Mm. It felt like I hadn’t heard that alarm tone in a long while.

I reached out, tossing and turning, and Azzy rubbed her nose over my hand and arm, barking repeatedly. When I didn’t budge despite her efforts, she even bit me softly.

“Woof! Woof!”

“Ahh, alright. I get it.”

I took a long stretch, petted my alarm clock as a reward, washed my face with today’s allotment of water, then used the neighboring room’s water to wash my hair. How refreshing. I would’ve wished for nothing more if there was some warm sunlight and cool wind here.

I slotted my warden uniform packet into my bio-receptor, letting the stiff yet unobstructive suit cover my body. After instantly changing clothes, I stuffed my pocket with a few items and set out. Azzy followed closely by my side.

“Let’s have breakfast and go for a walk.”

“Woof!”

“We’ve got new rations from yesterday on the menu, some fresh, clean—”

“Woof-woof!”

“Canned beans stew. You okay with that?”

“Woof, woof!”

I was relieved by her response. Maybe dogs had poor memory? She didn’t mind the same menu as yesterday. So I decided to keep feeding Azzy beans from now on.

Once we had our fill, it was time to move on to the next schedule.

I came out into the yard. Azzy followed with twinkling eyes, thinking it might be time to play ball.

Not today, silly mutt. You should be satisfied after playing that much yesterday. Are you just that insatiable or did you forget already? Can’t your memory kick in at times like this only?

I pushed away Azzy, who kept trotting in front of me with an expectant look on her face.

“Don’t interfere. There’s incredibly hard work waiting for me today.”

“Woof?”

“I have to wake up a certain slumberous elder with foul sleeping habits.”

I grimly headed for the underground armory where the vampire was staying. The place had a sinister vibe that was almost visible to the eye. I gulped nervously, then went up to the armory’s metal doors, banging them.

“Trainee Tyrkanzyaka! Wake up! The sun is high up!”

“Woof?”

Azzy looked up at the sky, puzzled. From the abyss, nothing remotely resembling the sun could be seen. The dog-girl tilted her head in confusion.

Who cares? I’m sure the sun’s high up outside. If you want to refute me, then call the sun over.

I used my hands and feet to keep on banging the armory doors.

“Wake up! How long are you going to stay sleeping?! Snoring even when the Resistance invades from above, snoring even when this place is at risk of collapsing. Come on, is dying once the end of everything? Does labor end or taxes go away when you die? If you can move your body, you should think of contributing to society even a—!”

“What is all this fuss first thing in the morning?”

The doors of the underground armory opened slowly as I was banging them.

“Such a disrespectful lad. Since you came as a guest, should you not wait for the master to get ready?”

“Get ready? You’ll be in your coffin anywa—”

I shut my mouth upon seeing the vampire appear through the doors. I had naturally assumed her voice would be ringing out of her coffin, yet she was looking different from usual.

“Uh, so you were awake.”

The floating imperial juniper coffin was almost tediously the same as usual, except the vampire was sitting on top of it with her legs gathered demurely. She also had her hair pinned up using an antique hairpin and a parasol slightly propped on her shoulder, giving me the impression of looking at an elegant princess of an old dynasty. The jet-black parasol formed of darkness seemed to have no weight, shaking like a willow leaf in the vampire’s slender fingers.

As for her attire, she wore an old-fashioned long trailing dress. The sleeves were so large that they slightly showed her white skin through the gaps. It was a style that implied wealth through an extravagant use of cloth. The State would be appalled by the sight, but people actually did dress like that in the past.

As the vampire took a step forward on her coffin, the huge steel doors of the armory swung wide to both sides as if receiving a VIP, its bright red engraving shining. The vampire left the underground armory in a lofty but dreadfully slow—perhaps deliberately lengthy—manner, and the doors shut behind her with a thud. The vampire muttered a complaint on her coffin.

“It has been so noisy recently that it is impossible to fall asleep. How is it worse now with only three left compared to when there were over a hundred? All that screaming, louder than a pig being butchered, is insufferable. Goodness.”

“Wow. Were you going to keep dozing if I didn’t wake you? It’s still not enough after sleeping that much? And here I thought you’d start to get sick of it and escape after a few centuries of slumber.”

“… Nevermind. It was my fault for arguing with you.”

The vampire shot me a sidelong glance before driving her coffin forward.

“Why did you come out of the coffin?”

“Once a woman has decided to wake up, she must dress. Is that not common?”

The vampire answered my question with a pointed attitude, for some reason, and whipped her head around to sharply glare at me.

“Or what. Do you have a problem with my dressing up?”

｢Go on, just try and say I am making a fool of myself like yesterday again.｣

What’s with the sudden hostility? Oh, It can’t be… Is she sulking about what I said the other day?

Hmm. Do I have to read her? It’s a bother to mind-read in the morning, but I guess it can’t be helped.

I clenched and relaxed my fists a few times, then focused on reading the vampire’s thoughts.

｢It has always been imperative for the well-mannered to groom one’s appearance before showing it. He wets his hair and puts on a uniform every day himself, yet he only finds fault with me..! The last time I was swept up in his unfair remarks and failed to retort, but today is a different story. I shall teach this cheeky lad a lesson!｣

Wow. So she was holding a grudge over yesterday until now? Why is she so narrow-minded for someone so old? I guess she has no worries about getting Alzheimer’s with that memory.

Although I didn’t know why she had grown so indignant, her pickled resentment had ripened into something completely different, and I knew quarreling at a time like this would lead to big trouble.

Deciding to soothe her a little, I answered in the warmest, sincerest tone I could manage.

“No? Why would I have a problem with you dressing up? It’s only a feast for my eyes.”

“You scoundrel, dressing neatly is basic manners regardless of culture yet—What?”

“I’m just another human, so of course I much prefer seeing a pretty person dressed up over a wooden coffin floating around. The colorful hairpin and clothes look great with your fair complexion, like fine art on white paper. I can see why legends say vampires possess bewitching powers. It wasn’t without reason.”

“Huh?”

“All the people in the world must be envious because you’re a vampire who lives forever young and immortal, and not even time can make your looks fade. Maybe it’s for the world to keep staying in that coffin, so that envy will be gone from the hearts of women, and men will not flaunt their vanity.”

“M-Mm…”

The vampire had fumed through the entirety of yesterday while adorning herself. Coming out of her coffin meant she seriously intended on being active from now on. The way she dressed and had her hair up was an expression of her determination.

And something prepared over a long time with a lot of emotion required a fitting reward, or else it would all come back as resentment to bite me.

Hearing my compliments—they were tempered through my swindling days in the back alleys—the vampire tilted her parasol slightly.

“H-Hmph. You are good at lip service, I will give you that.”

“I admit it’s flattery, but I wasn’t lying. If you’ve observed my usual behavior, you’ll know I’m the kind who treats every word with sincerity. So much so that I can’t speak falsely.”

“But you said I was being a fool yesterday…”

“Only because it was an urgent situation. I didn’t say you weren’t beautiful. I’m not sure if you know, but false reporting is considered the biggest sin in the State, and suggesting that Trainee Tyrkanzyaka isn’t beautiful would clearly fall under that category.”

Good. The vampire finally shut her mouth. She went far away, not turning her head and hiding her face with the parasol, but my mind-reading showed she was quite pleased. In addition, her impression of me improved a little.

Phew. Since that crisis was out of the way, it was time to go pick up the Regressor.

The Regressor lived on the prison’s 1st floor.

If someone asked me why the great time traveler still stayed in that narrow, stuffy part of the prison despite the lack of wardens or other inmates, I’d tell them to have a look down and around—the Regressor had “cut” the walls of ten neighboring cells including her own.

The thick concrete walls, with iron plates added to prevent prisoners from escaping, were cut into squares like assembled furniture and piled high on one side of the prison floor. She used the widened space as both her residence and training hall.

In fact, it was safe to say the entire 1st floor was the Regressor’s home, and she seemed to think that way herself too. From the moment we stepped into the 1st floor, her sharp vigilance turned toward us.

“Huh? Tyrkanzyaka? Azzy? And…”

The Regressor eased up upon confirming who her visitors were. Then she frowned at the sight of me though, which was unfair. What did I do?

“Why did you come here?”

“I need to have a long talk with you today. Follow me.”

“I’m busy. Got something to do.”

“For crying out loud. You’re terrible at going along with others. I bet you were definitely a loner outside.”

“… What did you just say?”

The Regressor paused in the middle of returning to her room and stuck her face out, burning with hostility. I feigned innocence after bringing her back with that one remark.

“I was saying I have an important announcement to make, so attend my seminar and listen, Trainee Shei.”

“I have something important for you to hear, so listen carefully. I’ve got—no time—for that.”

｢I’ve been practicing the sword since last night after grasping a sense of bloodcraft. He’s such a bother…｣

Her efforts were commendable, but none of my concern. I raised my chin and dropped a line that might intrigue the Regressor.

“I was going to tell you about the structure of Tantalus. You don’t need that either?”

“The structure of… Tantalus?”

As I predicted, the Regressor cupped her chin and fell into deep thought, piqued by this new “knowledge” she didn’t know.

｢I know that something happens in Tantalus, but I’m still not clear on things like structure or secrets. If I can find out how Tantalus is built, could I also figure out why she comes?｣

The Regressor had unearthed a great amount of knowledge and secrets over her thirteen cycles of life. There were probably few who knew more than she did regarding the events to come, and what was hidden beneath the surface of this world.

Not even I could tell perfectly with my mind-reading due to the nature of regression, but I did know this was the first life cycle she came to Tantalus before its collapse. In short, I guessed she wouldn’t know of Tantalus’ structure, which I found out after the Resistance’s attack, and I was spot on the mark.

I realized the Regressor had already made up her mind despite her apparent hesitance, so I turned around on the spot.

“Well, if a horse doesn’t want to drink… Then if you’ll excuse me.”

“Wait.”

She fell for it.

Thanks Gamma, or Wikrol I should say. You may be dead, but I’ll make good use of what you learned. A man leaves knowledge even in death. Isn’t that right?

“I’ll get prepared, so wait.”

The Regressor entered an area separated by cloth.

Just then, Azzy, who was scampering around in curiosity, suddenly rushed towards me and dropped something she was holding in her mouth. It was a round bead made of magic-infused crystal, transparent and swirling with strange light from the inside.

“Woof! Woof!”

“What, you want to play ball? But that doesn’t mean you should pick up someone else’s belonging without permission.”

And she had to bring something that obviously looked fancy, didn’t she?

I carefully picked up the bead and examined it all over, wondering what kind of item it was. It seemed to contain quite a lot of mana inside. Was it expensive? Or dangerous?

“Oh, that. It’s a bomb.”

Turned out it was both!

I hastily chucked the bead far away.

“Gaaaagh!”

The bead flew down the prison hallway while I ran to a nearby corner and hid behind the wall. Damn it, what’s the idea of leaving a bomb somewhere a dog can pick up! Explosives should be managed thoro—

Hold on. Dog?

I peeked over the wall in doubt, and just in time, I saw Azzy catching the falling bead with perfect posture. She had dashed over there before I knew it.

Something dawned on me then. If she catches that, then won’t she…?

As I was gaping at the sight, Azzy met my eyes.

“Woof! Woof!”

“N-no. Don’t go! Don’t fetch! Don’t come!”

Terrified, I tried to kick off into a run, but Azzy had already arrived in front of me by the time I half-raised myself up.

She put down the bead by my feet, her eyes lit with life, and the bomb she dropped touched the floor before I even had time to react. I wildly stretched out my hands as I fell to my knees, like a man who believed he could block an explosion with his limbs.

The bomb touched down with a clunk, and…

I heard the Regressor snicker.

“Pft, pahah. Idiot!”

｢Did he just get scared? But that’s a volcanic tear. It’s a bomb that never explodes unless charged with high-purity mana in a specific pattern!｣

The bead rolled and bumped into my foot without any change whatsoever. I blankly picked it up, and glanced at the bead and the Regressor alternatively. Seeing the stupefied look on my face, she couldn’t help bursting into laughter.

“Pff-haha! Of all the assumptions to make! There’s no way I’d leave something dangerous lying anywhere!”

“… You said it was a bomb.”

“It is. But it’ll never blow up unless I try to detonate it.”

“If it’s a bomb then it’s dangerous, what are you on about?! Did living in the abyss make you drop your common sense into the depths as well? Put that thing away right now!”

“Pft. I get it, I get it.”

The Regressor giggled as she picked up the bead. Azzy looked at her with anticipating eyes, but she merely put the bead into her extra-dimensional pocket. Azzy glared at the Regressor with the expression of a dog-girl whose toy was stolen.

I clicked my tongue as I got to my feet, feeling uncomfortable; it felt like I had tasted the limit of mind-reading.

I couldn’t read the Regressor’s memories of her past cycles, not before she recollected them. That was why I was slow to respond to things that happened related to the Regressor. It was hard to predict what came next too. I was greatly proud of myself when it came to my mind-reading, but this was the first ordeal that tested that pride.

Actually, it wasn’t even an ordeal. The Regressor was honestly a bit beyond normal standards, wasn’t she? It was worth praising that my mind-reading worked so faithfully against someone like her. My power wasn’t lacking, no. The world was just too harsh.

Anyway. Since we had all gathered, I figured we should go. It was foolish to say anything more after spoiling my image.

I relied on mind-reading to check what was going on behind me as I wordlessly walked toward the 4th-floor control center.

On the way, the vampire put a hand to her mouth, smiling slightly.

“That was some fair amusement, getting to see that lad act so dramatically. But no matter how frivolous he is, I am rather disappointed to see him flee in such an unsightly manner. It is but a mere bomb.”

“I wonder about that. Judging by his reaction, he probably had an idea of the bomb’s power. It’ll lay waste to everything in a 3km radius when it goes off, you see.”

“It, it is that powerful? Is it not meant to be used for the likes of fireworks?”

“Because it’ll be useless without that much destructive force. Pft. Anyway, I got to see something funny thanks to that. So funny that I want to save it in my mind.”

The vampire stared at the oddly cheerful Regressor for a moment.

“It was my first time seeing you laugh.”

“Mm? Well, a person can laugh sometimes.”

“It was nice to see. Why not try smiling occasionally, then?”

“Occasionally? I…”

The Regressor suddenly shut her lips and touched her mouth. Her face showed the shock of someone who had remembered something she had long forgotten.

｢… Laughed?｣

She had always tried to become stronger and strove to gain even a line of more knowledge. There were still countless powers and secrets sleeping in this world, and every minute and second of the Regressor’s time was spent in a struggle to obtain those things. It was to the point that even after coming to this closed-off abyss, she didn’t slack in swinging her sword and gaining strength.

For her, the emotional luxury of laughing was too unfamiliar.

｢How long, no, how many cycles has it been since I last smiled?｣

The Regressor rubbed her lips repeatedly, thrown off by the foreign sensation of mirth, like a breeze out of place, and her longing for the emotions she used to feel so long ago.

We marched in silence for a while.

Then, the vampire, who was sitting comfortably on her floating coffin, began to move her body to and fro, seeming bothered by something. Each time she moved, her silver hair swishing under her hairpin shone in the light and her loose-fitting dress fluttered.

But the Regressor was too deep in thought to react in any way. In the end, the vampire grew impatient and called on her silly side. She fidgeted with her hair, beginning to speak.

“Hem-hem. Shei. Do you notice anything different?”

“Oh, right. Tyrkanzyaka. I realized something about bloodcraft during the battle yesterday, and I need advice on it. Could you give me some time once that guy’s finished talking?”

“… Yes, I shall. It is good news that there has been progress.”

Crestfallen, the vampire slumped her shoulders and looked between me and the Regressor, as if comparing us.

Haah. Seriously. I’m getting embarrassed by her antics. Next time, I think I’ll just hold off complimenting her.


