“That used to also be a trainee?”

｢Correct. Trainees were murdering one another when the prison break took place. But it seems that it is still alive due to it being an Undying. To be able to revive from such a wound, I should raise its evaluation level.｣

“You should have told me about it earlier! It scared me!”

Azzy curiously prodded the arm. She jumped back every time the arm twitched, then came back every time it calmed down. I pushed Azzy out of the way and then lifted the right arm carefully, trying to stick it onto the corpse’s elbow.

The arm itself fit perfectly, but it didn’t stick. It moved and acted as if it were a completely separate being from the body.

Holy… An arm that moves by itself.

“So you’re saying that the stew was taken by the right arm?”

｢Affirmative. It had sought out food in an effort to regenerate the muscular mass it had lost being in a state of suspended animation.｣

“What. The fuck. That’s scary.”

Now there’s an arm that moves on its own. Tantalus contains a wide variety of different monsters.

The golem looked at me to ask.

｢What are you going to do?｣

“About what?”

｢The Undying.｣

“That? What am I going to do with that?”

The golem glared at my irritable reply. From its inorganic, no, lifeless eyes came a cold light.

｢I suggest that you dispose of this Undying before it revives.｣

Huh?





༺ A Happy Dog ༻

｢The Undying themselves pose a serious threat. The Undying cannot coexist with normal humans as they are so much more different. They have no fear of guns, they do not avoid fires, and they are insensitive and indifferent against violence. Even when their fingers get cut off, they will just laugh it off and reattach them. They do not care if they get stabbed, yet in turn, they do not understand why others fear the sword. The State forbade them from residing in the state because any towns and cities with the Undying mixed in always resulted in chaos.｣

The golem continued speaking while looking down at the wriggling right hand.

｢Furthermore, this being, who has inherited the Undying Blood so strongly didn’t die in the perfectly isolated abyss. This is very unexpected. They are an extremely powerful and hazardous species. I think it will be troublesome for you to take care of it.｣

“So you’re saying it would be less of a bother to kill it off right now, right?”

｢Even from your perspective, would it not be troublesome for your number of trainees to increase?｣

‘It’s true. The Regressor nearly folded me, and the vampire nearly tore me to shreds. Azzy doesn’t directly attack me but she is consistently taking years off my shoulders. Another one on top of all that? There is no doubt that the pressure will increase.’

Intrigued by the golem’s proposal, I cautiously asked.

“How exactly do you get rid of it?”

｢In this current situation, information is classified, so I cannot say. However, I can guarantee its expulsion from Tantalus. It will not be able to return.｣

“And who will do that?”

｢You will have to.｣

‘Ah. So, I have to get those pieces of meat and “dispose of it” myself.’

What did I expect?

I replied in a calm manner.

“I won’t do it.”

｢Will you not regret it?｣

“Regret what? To dispose of a perfectly alive man… What kind of barbaric thought is that? It shouldn’t be done.”

‘It’s obvious. You know why people shouldn’t commit murder? So they don’t get revenge flying their way. Whether the opposing side is the law, the victim’s family, or a severed arm. What if I get avenged? Are you gonna take accountability for it? You said it was an Undying. That they don’t die. The severed arm is still moving. What if it revives while I try to dispose of it and it comes for revenge? No, it doesn’t even need to revive. The severed arm is more than enough to take revenge on me. A moving arm terrifies me far more than a powerful man does.’

“Let’s just eat and revive it. Stop saying weird things like ‘disposal’.”

｢This is unexpected. I didn’t know you were such a moral man.｣

“Who do you think I am?”

I am the most moral man in the world. Well, because I’m the most scared of revenge in the world.

One who has fear has cautiousness, to be cautious of others means keeping respect and morals.

This is how I lived through the back alleyways, and a rule that has kept me alive.

“Supplies are on their way,, right? We have more mouths to feed, so it’ll be troublesome if they aren’t.”

｢There are supplies on standby. Because of the prison break, it was stopped at a sojourn location. Once it’s been announced that Tantalus’s situation has returned to normal, all transportation should resume.｣

“That’s great! Please resume it now! When are they coming?”

｢In three hours’ time.｣

“That’s so quick!”

｢Any complaints?｣

“Of course I don’t have any! But how is this possible?”

｢The State’s administrative power is top of the world. There is no issue with resuming the delivery of already sent supplies.｣

‘I can’t read the golem’s mind, but the person controlling it sort of seemed to be boasting. I wanted to say ‘Why are you on such high horses when it wasn’t even you?’

But with the possibility of the supplies being cut, I remained silent.

“How much are the supplies?”

｢With Tantalus’s supply plan, there are to be three days’ worth of supplies.｣

“Are you crazy? Who’s even going take—”

｢However, since this supply plan was made before the prison break incident and considering the sharp decline in population for the current members, the supplies should last ninety days.｣

“I can take those! Wow! The State’s administrative power is really amazing!”

‘Then now there should be no need to ration food. With ninety days’ worth of food, I could make meju* and still have some leftovers.’

‘Ah, wait… This is the abyss. That’s not probable. In any case, there are an infinite number of dishes that can be made with those ingredients. Nice. After a long time, I’ll be enjoying material wealth once more.’

I was so excited that I screamed.

“Oi, Azzy! That’s dirty! Don’t touch it!”

“Woof?”

Azzy was giving a strange look to the bone that stuck out of the right arm before quickly looking up. The dog immediately ran over and put her chin on my hand as I shook my clawed hand. I spoke while rubbing her chin.

“Forget about that disgusting meat. Let’s enjoy some delectable food. The supplies are arriving soon, so I’ll make you that promised delicious meal!”

“Woof!”

Azzy barked in joy. I kept scratching her chin as I got lost in thought.

‘What should I cook next? Since we’re sick of stew, why don’t we fry it in a pan and eat it like cookies? Or should I mince up the meat, take the starch and boiled beans, grind it up then cook it? Making bean stock with some of the ground beans could be beneficial, even though it may not be as nutritious.’

It was when I was thinking up all the luxurious foods I could make that I felt something touch my ankle. I looked over, wondering what it was, then jumped in fright.

It was the right arm.

The right arm had crawled up to me with just its fingers.

“There’s the plus one to the freeloaders.”

I got a can from the cupboard, opened it then flipped it onto the hand. Although it was a compressed bean that was as hard as a rock, it didn’t care and went straight to the main body. After crawling over with all its power, it put the bean into its open mouth like a bird feeding its young.

“That right hand is quite… talented.”

Is it an Undying because it has a hand that works relentlessly even with its body in suspended animation, or is it because it’s an Undying that it can do so?

Anyway, leaving the two limbs intact was undoubtedly the right decision. I can’t imagine being able to win against all four limbs coming at me for revenge. Although, the pretty-much-dead body eating a can of beans was sickening.

‘Even if it’s kind of grotesque, I’m going to have to leave the golem and human in the cafeteria for now.’

“Woof! Woof!”

“You really have no patience, do you? Alright. I’ll get going.”

I took out the compressed beans and meat from the can. The State’s special Compressed Canned Food’s performance was still consistent; it boasted its rock-like properties as it was completely dehydrated. The beef jerky that was compared to a brick in the past couldn’t even compare to this. Without water, eating this would take a very long time.

I cut off the fatty area of the compressed meat and put it in the pan. After adding some heat, the oil started to melt and flow down.

Along with the beans, the remaining meat was hydrated.

I wasn’t making stew this time, so I only put enough water to cover half of it.

As the completely dry beans and meat were being rehydrated, I took out some dough that I had made before with flour. When I looked inside, it was still as white and round as an ostrich egg, just like when it was first created.

“Hmm… As expected. It doesn’t take effect.”

‘It didn’t puff up, let alone change any color. It seems that it can’t return to dust either, since this is a land cursed by Mother Earth.’

“But it is the bottom of the abyss, right? If the place I stood on were ground, it should have some workers of the ground…”

‘Something doesn’t make sense, but I can’t tell what it is. Sigh. This is frustrating. It’s not like I can read Mother Earth’s mind or something.’

I naturally scratched my head.

However, nothing is borne from nothing. Guess my head isn’t a rice pot.

“Ahhh, whatever. That kind of great work will be done by people with great strength.”

‘It’ll be best not to expect any soft bread around here. Let’s just hope that rice is part of the supply deal.’

I put the hard-flour dough in the oven and lit the fire. At the same time, I brought the rehydrated bean and meat and set it in front of Azzy.

“Food!”

“Not yet. Be patient. It needs to be tastier.”

I cleaned Azzy’s hands with a towel. As the clean cloth touched her foot, she twitched as if it was tickling her. Thankfully, she didn’t run away. I patted her head in commendation before commanding her.

“Hey, Azzy. Punch it.”

“No! The meat will be hurt!”

“Meat gets tastier the more you torture it.”

“Arf?”

“It was more delicious when we cooked it over the fire last time. Meat is something that gets tastier the more it hurts.”

‘That’s why they beat up dogs on dog days. Damn.’

I kept those last few words to myself and convinced Azzy.

“Woof! That’s true!”

The convinced Azzy quickly threw punches. It was so fast that I couldn’t see her fists. The meat caved in on impact.

The meat and beans that were still stiff from not being quite hydrated were minced nicely in the face of Azzy’s doggy punches.

A real human, I mean, dog meat grinder.

‘You said the meat would be hurt. There’s no sympathy in the face of flavor, is there?’

As Azzy minced the meat I slowly added some starch. Since the egg was replaced by beans, it lacked cohesion. The moment it was placed on a pan, it would be brutally crushed.

However, in contrast to human society, the world of cooking was more focused on the inside than the outside. Even if the shape was bad, it just needed to taste good.

“Now, now. Enough oil. It’s now going in~”

The spherically molded bean meat—essentially hamburg meat that had beans added to it—was put on the pan. It started to sizzle straight away and started to cook. The smell of protein being cooked. The sound of the oils on the meat popping. It sounds like a monsoon knocking on the wet ground.

“W-Woof.”

It seemed as if Azzy was completely mesmerized by the smell as she even forgot to bark and instead was staring at the pan. Even a believer who welcomed an angel into their home wouldn’t have the same eyes. I let out a grin and started to hum.

“Lululala~”

The fire and heat took all the color. The meat’s original color was absorbed by the envious fluids, which caused it to turn brown.

In exchange for the color, flavor and texture were added. It was a welcome trade for humans. Even if the meat didn’t want it.

I used a pair of tongs to reshape the meat before placing it on a platter and spreading some of the oil over it.

‘Now, that’s one plate done. It’s usually people before dogs, but just for today, Azzy can have it first.’

“Woooooooof.”

I put the hamburg steak in front of Azzy. She couldn’t even think of eating this masterpiece and looked up at me. I prepared my own plate as she waited and sat down on the chair in front of the table.

I put a spoon next to my plate and asked the golem on the table.

“Captain AB. Would you come down and have a bite?”

｢Do not worry about me. An overseer does not get swayed by appetite.｣

“Alright, then! Just enjoy the view!”

｢…｣

I left the golem on the table and raised my spoon. Azzy tensed up with expectation. At the signal, she was prepared to sprint in like a runner at the starting line.

‘I let go of such an opportunity. It’s a chance for education.’

I pulled out the chime bell. Azzy’s eyes were drowned in anticipation. What I was going to do, and what was going to happen next. The body remembers it all.

Ring.

I jingled the bell. At that moment, Azzy’s salivary glands burst open. Saliva flowed freely from the open mouth. Her eyes were so bright that the meat could absorb them.

‘And to wait for me in that state? She really is a good dog. Hmm. I shouldn’t doubt her taking any food in the future.’

I put the bell down and declared.

“Let’s eat!”

“Woof!”

Azzy buried her face into the plate.

At this moment, Azzy was the happiest dog in the world.





༺ The Resistance ༻

A leather ball flew high up, followed by joyful barking and the patter of clawed feet.

Pat.

I heard those feet skittering across a hard concrete surface in an offbeat rhythm. Concrete couldn’t absorb vibrations like dirt, so the impacts were fully converted into sounds heading my way.

“Woof! Woof!”

My short break was ending. Before I knew it, Azzy was running over with a ball in her mouth. I faced the approaching small calamity in daze.

My rest time lasted only as far as I threw the ball. I had to toss it high for Azzy to take longer to catch it, and also hurl it far so she would arrive slower. So at first, I gave my best throws without pushing my body, so I could relax while the dog-girl went far to fetch.

But nothing in the world lasts forever. Except for Azzy’s stamina, that is. I realized this fact as I continued the game of ball.

The more we kept playing, the shorter my throws became. No longer did the ball soar into the skies. It only flew slightly above my head before dropping to the ground. It rolled farther than it flew at this point.

Now even Azzy didn’t get ready to run. She merely crouched by my feet, then fetched the ball when it went rolling. Then I would pick up the ball again and throw it using my hand with the still-intact wrist.

But eventually, the moment of danger arrived.

“Wait.”

Humans were ultimately animals, and sometimes our animal instincts would suddenly kick in. It had been a long time since the animal in my heart came to whisper in my ears. It was telling me: Any more throws and your shoulder would get screwed.

“Woof?”

I paused mid-throw and raised my arm, feeling the peculiar sensation of my shoulder creaking, like a pencil in a pencil sharpener that’s off-point and trembling wildly. It was a rather familiar image, but one that should never happen to my limbs.

So I stopped throwing the ball and relaxed my arm. Azzy came over to me looking puzzled.

In my slack state, I declared, “That’s it for today’s game.”

“Woof-woof! More! More!”

“I could throw more, but…”

I released the clothing packet I wore. The sweat-drenched standard-issue shirt unraveled, exposing my unflattering figure that was hidden underneath it.

I had a thin, agile physique specialized for escaping and survival. I never felt any great discomfort with the way I was until now, but in the present situation of having my durability tested, I regretted the past days of laziness. Had I predicted a future of being locked up in Tantalus to become a ball-throwing machine, I would have exercised when I was given the recommendation to…

Alas, regrets always come too late. All I could do was give my best efforts, hoping that tomorrow-me wouldn’t regret today.

Putting those gloomy sentiments aside, I sank to the floor and showed my red, swollen shoulder to Azzy.

“Then my shoulder would break. Are you okay with that?”

“Woof!”

“You want to die?”

Azzy whimpered in response. Still, she seemed dissatisfied that we couldn’t play anymore. The dog-girl assumed a standoffish air, walking around me in circles and giving me the side-eye.

Humph. As if that would work on me.

“What’re you going to do? Just try and make me throw a ball. I’ll become a cripple, and I’ll suffer from the injury until I end up suddenly dying one day.”

“Woof!”

“What? Losing an arm won’t kill me? Don’t be ridiculous. I could trip down some stairs and die because I couldn’t lift an arm to grab the railing, or I could even be shot to death in a terrorist attack because I couldn’t obey the order to raise my hands! A single disability is an incredibly serious danger in of itself!”

“Woof-woof…”

“Just think, what if I died? There’d be no one left in the world to be so nice and play ball in this abyss like me! Do you intend to wound the goose that lays golden—no, the machine that throws balls? Just for a fleeting moment of joy?”

“Woof… That, don’t want.”

“Haha! Do you understand? So promise me resting time if you don’t want me to break!”

And thus, I finished teaching this mentally-lacking beast about labor efficiency, fatigue limit, and rest. A moment later, Azzy seemed to contemplate something before grabbing my arm with both of hers and drawing her mouth close.

What the? Is she trying to eat me? Does she want the goose’s meat since it could lay no more golden eggs? No, she can’t be that dumb.

Oh shit. Then I realized a dog would prefer goose meat over eggs it couldn’t even eat.

Now I was panicking.

“I’m sorry ma’am! I’ll keep throwing so take anything but my life!”

I tried to pull my arm away, but Azzy’s mouth came closer first. I squeezed my eyes shut, anticipating terrible pain. And then… I heard licking as something wet and soft flicked past my shoulder.

I took a small peek and found Azzy diligently licking my swollen shoulder.

“The heck? Are you giving me lubricant for the pain or something?”

“Woof.”

I knew it. There was no way the Dog King would eat a living human. Well I mean, it was a knee-jerk reaction because I couldn’t read her mind. Couldn’t be helped, right? It was a survival instinct.

I scratched my head awkwardly and stared at Azzy as she was busily licking away.

She was a complete slave driver, really. Look at her oiling the machine because it’s acting up.

“Look. Even if a Beast King’s saliva can heal wounds, how could that fix this? This isn’t an injury, just a body part worn out from too much use—”

I froze, feeling an oddly refreshing sensation around my shoulder, as if a window was opened in that part and wind was blowing through it. I didn’t feel cold or anything, just good.

It couldn’t be the saliva; there was none of that ickiness. I raised my arm in half-doubt. Despite a bit of stiffness, it moved much more smoothly than a while ago. No, its condition was possibly even better than when I began throwing balls.

“This works?”

Sure I heard about the licking of Beast Kings being as effective as holy water, but it was this good? Or was it simply that Azzy was special?

While I was lost in confusion, Azzy examined my shoulder carefully before barking as if to say she was finished.

“Woof! All better!”

“At least your after-sales service is spot on. Guess I won’t need to worry about losing an arm. Still, it’s only just healed so let’s keep going after a little break.”

“Woof-woof!”

Azzy flopped herself over my lap. I ruffled her hair and looked around.

According to the golem, supplies would be arriving soon. The question was, how was it going to be delivered?

Logically, it would be dropped by air. But could it arrive at the bottom of the abyss through ordinary means? And if it could, how was I supposed to receive it? Surely they wouldn’t expect me to catch it myself. Only the vampire would be pleased if I ended up squished like a burger patty.

Oh, thinking of which, we had a vampire among us. I turned my head toward the underground armory in the distance. The doors to the armory were shut tight as usual, looking like the ominous gates to a bottomless chasm.

“She simply hasn’t been waking up recently.”

Apparently, people slept longer as they got older. If there was even a tenth of the truth in that belief, then it wasn’t strange that the vampire’s average daily sleeping time amounted to 24 hours.

Plus, it was hard for her to get out of her wheelchair, I mean, coffin due to orthostatic hypotension. Yet she went as far as to generously donate her primordial essence to her disciple… even though there’s no more blood supply available.

Tsk-tsk.

Suddenly, I realized something. Blood. Supply.

“Hang on. Don’t I fall in danger if the vampire starts lacking blood?”

If the vampire forgot my identity as a human being because she was senile, or simply felt the urge to have a snack in a sleepy state, wouldn’t I be the first to die? I had no ability to resist. She would take my blood as easily as opening a can of soda.

“I don’t suppose blood is on the supply list… right?”

A chill ran down my spine. Shouldn’t something be done about this?

Blood bags are… well they aren’t goods that can be supplied through airdrops. Maybe they would send some death row inmates instead?

“Oh, that’d be a problem too. There’s no saying I can beat those fellows.”

I would be fine. For the time being at least. Since the original 3 days worth of food became 90 days worth for us four here, this meant at least over 100 prisoners used to be in Tantalus.

Excluding those who broke out, a significant number must have died, yet I found no corpse nor traces of blood when I first came down here. It was unlikely the State dispatched a cleaning team, so that left only one possibility: the vampire had devoured them all.

Now that was rather gross to think about. It wasn’t like this was some human sewerage…

In any case, the vampire wouldn’t want any more after sucking that much blood, not for a while. But who knew? A started engine needed a continuous supply of fuel. Likewise, the vampire might need as much blood from now on.

I needed a source of blood if I wanted to survive… Was there nothing like cattle for that purpose around here?

Hang on. There was. Didn’t I find it recently?

“The Undying, yes. It was called an Undying, wasn’t it?”

I unthinkingly applauded my brain. It was a brilliant idea! It may be unsightly and embarrassing to blow my own trumpet, but this time, I surely deserved to be called a genius.

An Undying wouldn’t die of a dismembered limb, so similarly, they wouldn’t die after having some blood sucked out of them. The immortal would keep regenerating by eating food, so it could provide nearly an infinite amount of blood, as long as there was enough supply.

“Heheheh. Good. It’s perfect. Where there’s a will, eh?”

“Woof?”

“Azzy. I just had a freaking awesome idea. Want to hear?”

“Woof-woof?”

“I know. You’re too stupid to understand. That’s why I’m telling you, so just listen. I’ve just discovered a plan that would impress even the greatest genius in history, yeah?”

“Woof? Stupid? Me?”

“Heheheh. My original intention was to put you in charge of the leftover disposal, but is that necessary between us? I say we both eat well and live well. As for the leftovers, the burnt and spoiled food, we let the Undying have them.”

“Woof! I’m no stupid!”

“Spoiled food should be given to a person who is rotten. Not to mention, the Undying probably won’t die of any food poisoning. It’ll cure itself and make blood. Then, we squeeze its blood out and sell it to the vampire. The vampire’s dead broke, but her so-called disciple is rich. She’ll pay up instead. So…”

Thwap.

Azzy’s hit my cheek with her forefoot. My head jerked around at the abrupt impact.

It didn’t hurt, but I did feel bewildered. No way she just did that.

I glared at the dog-girl, feeling slightly angry. She stared right back at me, and she was still lying on my lap! Did she have no awareness of what she just did?

A brute dared to slap a human’s cheek?

She had crossed the line. I really didn’t want to do it, but it was time to prepare the shit-is-going-down protocol.

With that decided, I jumped to my feet to shake her off. I expected Azzy to slip off my thighs, but before that, she got up first and looked up.

Huh? What was there to look at?

I followed her and checked what was up there, but there was nothing apart from the usual pitch-black darkness.

Did she just trick me?

But no, Azzy didn’t have the intelligence for that.

I raised my head again and squinted furiously. Moments later, I saw something shining in the darkness, like a hole. Was it the sky? But the light was growing bigger as if coming down this way.

Merciful Mother Earth would sometimes deign to come to us, but never the lofty Sky God. The act of climbing the heavens to reach the divine would only be met by the Sky God’s punishment of wind and lightning.

So the sky couldn’t be coming this way. It was probably…

“The supplies the golem talked about.”

Immediately afterward, I heard flapping and felt something huge in the dark. The abyss was quiet for there was no wind, yet the air was pressing down heavily.

I didn’t need to be impatient. Whatever it was would arrive. I waited calmly as the flickering darkness and periodically flashing light in the distance came closer and closer.

When it entered the range of the illumination on the ground, I could see what it was much more clearly.

A square box packed with tarpaulins was hanging from a large parachute. A small, flashing indicator light was attached to the side of the box; it was there in case anyone didn’t see the box in the dark and got crushed under.

The golem didn’t lie about the 90 days worth of food. The box was big enough to contain a person. It had to be full of goods.

The supply box didn’t shake in the least, probably due to the lack of wind, as it landed squarely on the concrete ground.

Thud. A heavy vibration ran through the concrete.

“Woof!”

Azzy pounced over to the box. I followed her to the drop point.

I guess that’s how they drop things into the abyss. I bet I was dropped the same way. It was rather surprising the State used a parachute to prevent breakage. Sure it was common sense, but I was honestly a little moved that they adhered to normal practice.

As I approached, I heard the stirring of cloth as the parachute was sucked into a small packet. It was also made using a Clothing Packet. That saved the pain of folding the whole thing away. The State really did make good use of their invention.

But as I was happily about to open the supply box lid, I noticed something off.

Huh? Why was the seal sticker ripped off? Did someone help themselves to a meal mid-delivery?

Someone’s thoughts entered my mind at that moment.

‘Infiltration successful. It was a long wait, comrades. Now we break in.’

Comrade? Break in? That wasn’t something I should be hearing out of a food supply box.

As I stood there in a daze, I heard a hasty movement inside. The supply box rattled ominously—whatever was crouching inside had stretched its limbs.

‘Let us throw down our lives, my comrades! To defeat the despotic Military State!’

The front of the supply box burst open before I could take any preparation.

God damned Military State, what the hell had they supplied?





༺ The Resistance – 1 ༻

About a week ago.

* * * *

The Military State called a sudden rally of troops.

It was a routine for them to mobilize soldiers to protect law and order, not even newsworthy, but the scale of the event was on a whole different level this time. Apart from a minimally-sized force needed to defend the borders and other strategic points, all available troops were gathered in a certain city as if to wage war against it.

While the city’s citizens trembled and hid in their homes at the sight of soldiers filling the streets, the State commenced a major arrest operation using the gathered men.

Petty criminals who went ignored due to their vague crimes, people who were named in wanted leaflets, Resistance members who were hiding with the help of the citizens, and quite a number of city dwellers who were simply unlucky and did nothing wrong. All of them were trampled and restrained under the roving violence of the military.

Kanysen was also unable to avoid inspection.

In the days when the Military State was still a kingdom, he was a squire of a renowned knight order. He had retired after the State came to power, but the military intelligence division still regarded him as a dangerous figure and thus kept a close watch.

Naturally, the arrest operation was sufficient reason for soldiers to visit his small house as well.

But this much was merely part of life in the State. In the age of the Kingdom, important figures were always the target of such visits. A mere slip of the tongue was a good excuse for the authority to drag these individuals away to suffer interrogation.

However, if there was one thing different from the usual, it was that Kanysen really was a rebel and that he was preparing an imminent terrorist attack on the State.

Kanysen escaped with minimal equipment as soon as he sensed something was wrong. His comrades also went with him.

Upon confirming that their blind probe had exposed a gold mine, the State immediately went on the pursuit.

But their quarry was once part of their very forces, even if it was long ago. Kanysen felt doubt in the bustling movement of the military and so instead of running away, he hid in the logistics division of the enemy. There, he discovered a shocking truth.

A horde of nefarious criminals had broken out of Tantalus, the great prison that harbored the worst of evildoers, and the State had rallied its forces to prevent the chaos they would wreak.

Kanysen had gained unexpected information, but he still didn’t have much time left. The chase never ended and the enemy was too many. Resistance would be utterly futile. They would only be swept away by the overwhelming difference in numbers.

It was at that critical moment that a way out miraculously appeared in front of Kanysen.

A supply box that should have gone to Tantalus but was left behind with nowhere to go due to the jailbreak.

* * * *

Thoughts flashed past my mind at lightning speed. In an instant, I stuffed those memories into my brain to obtain information.

My head ached. I clutched my aching temples and raised my body in the flow of thought.

There was a sudden large-scale inspection which the Resistance escaped from. After reading the gist of how they ended up here, I lamented the absurdity of the matter.

Retarded Military State. For all their pretended usual meticulousness, they actually overlooked that box.

I got the urge to shake that Signaller’s golem up and down for swaggering about supplies arriving soon. Could they not check again before sending things? Didn’t they even confirm their goods?

The five members of the Resistance had barely held through thanks to the food in the box and the State’s neglect of management, groaning painfully throughout the transport in that cramped space. And now, they charged right out after landing.

The first thing they faced was me, and naturally, I became the target of their bitter resentment.

Sigh. The Resistance. While the name sounded impressive, it was mostly made up of youngsters who were unhappy with society.

I may be the bottom-feeder of this abyss, but I had no intention of losing to mere children. Now it was time to teach them a hard lesson.

I’ll have you all know that I’m the final evolution of you brats.

As I loosened up my hands, one of them, a sturdy-looking young man, thrust the muzzle of his gun at me and shouted sharply.

“Don’t move! Hands up!”

I hastily complied. Can’t do anything against guns.

I sighed in relief. I could’ve died if Azzy hadn’t fixed my shoulder. She deserved thanks.

… No, wait.

In the first place, it was all her fault that I got injured and that I was out in the courtyard at this time. I would never have encountered the Resistance empty-handed if I didn’t play ball with her!

“Woof?”

Azzy tilted her head at my burning glare. She had been wildly spinning her tail, happy to see new humans. I kept glaring even as I held my arms up, contorting my face in all kinds of ways to convey a message: I’m about to be taken down because of you, so you deal with them!

Azzy stared back for several seconds, then nodded with glittering eyes as if in understanding.

Yes, Dog King. It’s finally time for you to earn your keep.

“Dog-woman, put your hands up too!”

“Woof!”

Azzy barked cheerfully and raised her hands after me.

Yeah. What was I hoping for from you? You’re just a mutt with a promiscuous tail that would wag for anyone who comes by.

The young man with the gun grew slightly suspicious to see Azzy’s overly bright expression. I hoped he might attack her, but…

｢… She’s obedient for a dirty dog-kin. Looks a bit dumb, but she doesn’t seem dangerous for now. I’ll leave her be…｣

His judgment was affected by her appearance.

Pity. If the young man had just gone out guns blazing, his group would have received a dog-punch each and some broken bones to go along with.

The young man swung his gun intimidatingly.

“Now! Next, get on your knees and on the groun—”

“Alpha, enough.”

A middle-aged man soundlessly appeared from the back of the box. He stepped forward in a natural manner and touched the shoulder of the man called Alpha. While Alpha held his breath, the middle-aged man slowly lowered the muzzle of his gun.

Alpha finally exhaled.

“Captain?”

Be it age, skill, experience, looks, or atmosphere, the man didn’t look to be anything other than the leader of the bunch. He was Kanysen.

Kanysen took firm steps forward. I could feel the power in his movement. He gave the impression that even if the world collapsed, he would fall a little later than that. Despite crouching in the supply box for days on end, his body and mind appeared flawlessly strong.

Kanysen, the leader of the Resistance group, coaxed Alpha.

“We don’t know about this place yet. I understand you’re frustrated and anxious, but what we need to use now is our tongues, not our guns.”

“… I’m sorry, sir. I was hasty.”

“We all make mistakes. I understand. We were locked up in there for too long.”

Kanysen stroked his bristly beard as he cast a cold look over me and Azzy. Then, he glanced at the searchlights illuminating Tantalus far away before coming up to me with a calculated smile.

“Excuse us. Did we surprise you a lot?”

I was surprised. I nodded and gave a genuine reply.

“Well of course! W-who are you people? To be pointing guns out of nowhere!”

“Do not be wary of us. We are the enemy of the Military State, and we are on your side. I apologize for pointing a gun at you. You are…?”

Kanysen trailed off, hinting for me to introduce myself.

The man was polite and moderately intimidating at the same time as he demanded an answer. The way he so naturally pried for information could almost be called exemplary. And he didn’t stop thinking all the while.

｢He’s young. His top is off. Seeing how he doesn’t wear a warden’s suit, much less a military uniform, he doesn’t appear to be military affiliated. His physique is lean and agile, but he doesn’t seem strong. I heard most of the prisoners broke out, so he’s most likely a laborer to be the first to come out for the supplies. Then we should be able to get what we need most out of him… information about this place.｣

It was apparent the Resistance didn’t pick an incompetent leader. The man was rational and quick in judgment. Despite dropping into the legendary abyssal prison called Tantalus and coming out for the first time after enduring three days in a small box, he didn’t lose his composure.

Now that was my favorite type of person. I clearly knew what attitude to take.

His impression of me would shape my persona. Since he thought of me as a laborer, I would become the most perfect laborer he thought of.

I took on a slightly slouched posture, didn’t hide my exhaustion, and injected a bit of fear and confusion into my voice. It was lucky that I didn’t have my warden’s uniform. That saved me from having to make excuses.

I deliberately faked a feeble, shaky expression and mimicked the reaction of a laborer who had encountered an intruder.

“I, I was captured and brought here about a week ago. Soldiers barged in out of the blues, and after arresting me, they tossed me in here with nothing but an order to work. I d-don’t know anything. Don’t have any money either.”

“What work are you tasked with?”

“Chores like cooking and cleaning!”

“I see. You were brought in by the treacherous State.”

“Yes, I did nothing wrong.”

Kanysen nodded in a content manner and offered his hand.

“I knew we were comrades. For we also hold a deep grudge against the Military State.”

“What?”

As I reluctantly held out my arm, he snatched my hand and gave it a good shake. He was so bloody strong that my whole body swayed.

“We are the friends of the public, the Resistance. We aim to defeat the cruel Military State and find freedom and peace.”

Now was the moment to be surprised, so I raised my voice in an exaggerated fashion.

“The R-Resistance?!”

After the military drove out the royal family and took control, they enforced harsh labor, low wages, radical regulations, and merciless punishments. The rabid urbanization led to the collapse of the existing order. Those who lost their property or family because of the State went into hiding and created an organization against the military.

However, the fragmented rebel groups were unable to oppose the enemy’s elite soldiers. Rebels would appear sporadically only to be suppressed in no time, over and over. The rebels felt the need for systematic leadership and came together under an outstanding leader.

Thus the largest rebel organization, the Resistance, was born. The oppressed who howled for liberation from the military government.

But it had been a long time since the State came to power, and the public perception of the Resistance wasn’t so good. So I decided to add a sprinkle of vigilance to my act, to make it more believable.

“The R-Resistance, those, terrori— Ahh!”

I deliberately stopped mid-word to block my mouth and look at Kanysen with terrified eyes. It was a normal reaction for an ordinary person, albeit rather rude.

As I expected, he didn’t seem particularly suspicious of my attitude.

“I understand. You must have heard only of the bad rumors about us. The Military State no doubt spread propaganda, setting us up as ruthless terrorists.”

“Ah, um. Yes.”

“But know this. Most of the cruelty they attribute to us is in fact… the government incriminating us for what they committed. We are essentially the same in that regard.”

I didn’t know if it was because he was a former knight, but his serious words held weight. I would’ve unthinkingly trusted him were I the average Joe.

He first reassured me by claiming to be allies, skilfully building empathy by saying we were no different. The man evidently had experience leading people.

“Trust us. We have come here to aid you.”

This fellow had quite the talent for scamming. He would’ve become a back-alley swindler if he wasn’t a knight.

But Kanysen had met his match. I was the biggest swindler of those very alleys, so his persuasive words were mostly ineffective.

I acted as if I was gradually getting over my fear.

“You’re here to help me?”

“Of course! To help those unfairly oppressed by the Military State—that is what the Resistance stands for! It is a given that we help you, along with the other unfortunate souls imprisoned here!”

“Ahh!”

I let out an impressed exclamation, and Kanysen laughed heartily at my predictable response.

Then he turned his attention away for the moment and looked at Azzy, who was still holding her hands up.

“Now, who might this beautiful beastkin young lady be?”

Azzy replied in a bright, loud voice.

“Woof! I’m Azzy!”

“Azzy? That’s an unusual name. How did you end up here, young lady?”

“Nice to meet! Nice to meet! Nice to meet!”

Azzy abruptly rushed over and began to go around Kanysen in circles. She was so fast, and it was so unexpected, that even the former knight couldn’t react in time. Flinching in surprise, he reached for his belt.

Just then, I sensed rising hostility from inside the supply box. I turned around and found a female member of the Resistance aiming a gun at Azzy from the box.

“Captain!”

The young woman sounded clearly wary.

Hearing that, Kanysen’s face contorted.

“Sto—!”

｢You mustn’t shoot!｣

But the trigger was pulled before he could even finish.

– Bang!

A bullet exploded out of the gun barrel. The armor-piercing shell flew slightly faster than the gunshot, zooming directly at Azzy. It happened in an instant. It didn’t take any longer than that for the bullet to reach her at this short distance.

Yet Azzy suddenly stopped in the middle of circling Kanysen, stared at the incoming projectile, and caught it with her teeth before it hit her.

Crunch.

It was a peculiar sound, one of teeth digging into steel, of metal being relentlessly crushed. And that was it. The bullet’s short journey from the gun’s barrel ended between Azzy’s teeth.

Krrk.

No one properly saw what happened. Only Kanysen quickly grasped the situation.

｢She caught an armor-piercing shell shot up close? With her teeth at that?｣

It was common to keep standing even after getting hit by a bullet. You only needed to learn a bit of Qi Art, wear some tough clothes, or simply be born healthy. That was enough to let a person easily withstand a couple of shots. Guns were useful but not very powerful weapons.

But catching a flying bullet? Now that wasn’t easy, not even for an expert fighter, and even if it was possible, no one would dare try it with their teeth. Fail, and the bullet would tear through their delicate inner flesh.

Azzy pulled it off, though.

She chewed the steel bullet once before spitting it out with a sour face. The twisted piece of metal bounced off the ground. The dog-girl looked dissatisfied.

“Hot! Hard! Tastes bad!”

Teeth marks were visible on the crushed bullet.

Finally, the other Resistance members realized what was going on. But just as they raised their guns at once, Kanysen yelled for them to stop.

“Cease fire!”

All of them lowered their weapons like students who were scolded by a teacher. Kanysen wore a grimace as he shouted at them.

“Who let you shoot? Beta, did I not warn you to never fire without my command?”

The young woman called Beta bowed her head hurriedly.

“I’m s-sorry.”

“If you are, then be still!”

With that said, Kanysen respectfully gathered his hands and lowered his head to Azzy.

“Forgive our disrespectful behavior. We are unlearned and do not know of your eminent name. Could I have the honor of being enlightened?”

｢That dog-kin is no common pup. If a battle occurs… we’ll all die!｣

Wow, the man knew his place and even apologized first. It was my first time meeting someone so normal and ordinary after coming to Tantalus. How refreshing!

And here I was, feeling like I was turning abnormal with the rest down here, even though I was such an exemplary citizen.

Then again, it wasn’t like there was anyone to respond normally to my normal behavior.

“Woof! I’m Azzy!”

“Azzy? I beg your pardon, but is that a title?”

“Name! Woof! Woof! Nice to meet! Nice to meet!”

Kanysen stared dazedly at Azzy, looking like he was about to lose it. He recovered a moment later and turned to me pleadingly.

“Um, if you could introduce her…”

“Ah. They say she’s a trainee who stayed behind. Her name’s Azzy or so it seems. She’s powerful but acts obedient, almost like a real dog. That’s why we go around together sometimes.”

“Could she be the Dog King only mentioned in legends? No, there’s no way. Not even Tantalus could contain such a being.”

Correct! The man was smart, and apparently quite knowledgeable too.

He was polite, knew how to fear others, knew his place, and knew lots of other things. If there were other trainees here, I hoped they were all like him.

Sigh. That’s what made it all the more a pity that I had to kill him.

Kanysen regained his senses and asked an urgent question.

“Are there more soldiers or pris—trainees who stayed behind?”

“Uh, there are no soldiers. There are about two more trainees, though. But they’re either busy sleeping like a log or doing their own things. I don’t think they’d come out unless a bomb blew up or something.”

“Is that so? What a huge relief.”

｢The chills on my spine! To think there are at least two more like that dog-kin… No, a much greater number must have been imprisoned since a jailbreak occurred. How in blazes did the State manage to lock up such monsters?｣

Kanysen fell into deep pondering for a long while. Thoughts continued to flow through his mind, and I calmly read them all with an innocent expression.

｢This place is nothing to laugh at. If I don’t rush the plan, it might be stopped by the other convicts of Tantalus. I have to finish things as quickly as possible.｣

The Resistance was the enemy of the State. So were the prisoners.

The enemy of my enemy is a friend, especially if my enemy is powerful.

The Resistance usually preferred the strategy of recruiting prisoners or simply releasing them to put large pressure on the State.

For some reason, though, Kanysen didn’t consider the idea of requesting help from the prisoners of Tantalus, as if that wasn’t his purpose in the first place.

Why had the terrorist-cum-Resistance member come to Tantalus? Why did he hide in a supply box headed for Tantalus in the middle of escaping?

When there was no way out of this abyss cursed by Mother Earth?

｢We can’t get out after coming to Tantalus. The only equipment we managed to take in our escape is a bomb for a terror attack. The way to deal meaningful damage the State using this is..｣

Simple. I murmured cynically under my breath. What else did a terrorist have to do apart from committing terror?

｢To completely destroy Tantalus, the symbol of oppression, and sink it below the abyss.｣

These people had come to simply blow up the place without a care for their own lives.

My eyes sank coldly at that revelation.





༺ The Resistance – 2 ༻

Having made his resolve, Kanysen swerved his head around and shouted toward the supply box.

“If you’ve picked yourselves up, then come out quickly. We must hurry. Time is short!”

Apparently, Alpha and Beta weren’t the only ones who had stowed away in the box. A couple more voices responded to the Resistance leader’s call, following which two people noisily climbed out, struggling to carry a square metal case between them.

Kanysen shot a glance at the two before striding over to me.

“Comrade.”

Who are you calling comrade, punk-ass?

I cursed inwardly while putting on a smile. Kanysen gripped my shoulders with a serious expression.

“We can help you, comrade. In exchange, you must help us. Do so, and we will let you escape this place.”

“Escape? Really?”

“Of course. Unlike the State, the Resistance does not lie to our countrymen.”

Haha. I suppose his idea of escape was valid, in a way. Abandoning your body to make a great escape to Heaven, eh?

The man’s expression didn’t change one bit. If I weren’t a mind reader, I would have watched like a dumbass as they planted a bomb and ended up being blown to pieces.

Still, I couldn’t show that I knew what was up. He had the power of a knight, and I had no way of opposing that without any equipment. I had to do as Kanysen said without giving any reason for suspicion.

I smiled wryly and feigned ignorance, just as he wanted.

“Escape? You’ll let me escape this damned, sunless place, yes? That’s a promise.”

“But of course. I keep my promises.”

“Then leave anything to me! How shall I help you, comrade!”

Kanysen looked around and fell into thought.

｢The prison is bigger than I thought. We’ve brought a significant amount of explosives, but even that isn’t enough to completely destroy Tantalus. Blowing up the cliff as originally planned will only collapse bedrock. The main facilities will remain safe. What we need most right now is a detonation point that’ll have an effect with a minimum of explosives. Since we’ve entered the abyss, I want to damage its very foundation.｣

After serenely forming a plan, Kanysen talked to me again.

“You said you spent a few days here, so you must roughly know the structure of this despotic prison.”

“Not all, but I did take a tour. I should know best apart from the prisoners before me.”

“Good. Was there any place that seemed important? As in, a location where there might be something worth looking at.”

“Hmm. An important-looking place.”

Oh there was such a place. An excellent location I had reserved for these people.

I promptly raised a finger to point in a certain direction.

“There, the underground armory. Its large steel doors are firmly shut, but very rarely, they open by themselves. I tried going in the other day and it seemed like there was a lot of stuff.”

A thousand-year-old vampire would be waiting in there. This was going to be a living blood-lunch box delivery.

Bon appetite, vampire. Oh, the wrapping is non-disposable so take care of that yourself.

“And in the 1st-floor surveillance room I saw weapons? Equipment? Something like that for suppressing vicious inmates.”

The ultimate weapon of Tantalus was on the prison’s 1st floor: the regressor with a tendency to cut off arms as a hello. She would probably lop their heads off too if she learned of their plan to collapse Tantalus.

I hope to see you guys in pieces next time.

“What about that place?”

Kanysen pointed to the control center separate from the prison building. The center was half-destroyed with only rubbles for remains, its walls and roof broken apart.

Mm. They couldn’t go there. It didn’t have anything that might kill them.

I tried to sound as disinterested as I could.

“I had a look over there but didn’t find much. Nothing to scavenge either since it’s full of broken rubble.”

“Broken rubble.”

｢The other buildings remain, yet only that place is filled with traces of destruction. Someone must have done it deliberately, and that means there is something that mustn’t be passed on to others. Or there could be used equipment. Whatever the case, with our lack of resources, that building should be explored first.｣

My words caught Kanysen’s attention, however.

Tsk. The man certainly was clever. But he was still in the palm of my hand.

“I’ve decided! Everyone, listen carefully.”

Kanysen called the other Resistance members, who had been nervously looking around. They hurriedly gathered in front of their leader. One of them was still so tense that he tripped and staggered on the way. In any case, they gathered in one spot with strained faces.

Kanysen began to point at his fellow rebels in turns as he spoke.

“Alpha, you head to the underground armory. Bring back any explosives or weapons you might find. We lack weapons.”

“Understood!”

He turned to another Resistance member, the woman who shot Azzy earlier. She yelped and hugged her gun at the attention.

“Beta. You head to the prison’s 1st floor. There might be a weapon meant to control the prisoners. If you encounter a prisoner, refrain from engaging to the best of your ability. Make up an excuse and continue exploring.”

“W-what? I have to face the prisoners of Tantalus?”

Beta shook her head unconfidently. Kanysen sighed just quietly enough to be clearly heard as he continued.

“You are the most cautious of the group, Beta, and also the best at handling a gun. You are the right person for exploring while avoiding combat.”

“B-but Captain, you just saw. The prisoners here are monsters that can even catch bullets. G-guns won’t work.”

“We have already put our lives at stake. Death is a given since we have come down here.

Will you tremble with fear after coming this far?”

Kanysen shot a reproachful glare at Beta, but she still looked afraid. The former gave up and sighed.

‘I can’t change her personality right away. She’s lost confidence greatly, probably because that dog-kin’s teeth caught her trusty bullet. It might not really fit the plan, but at a time like this…’

“Hoo. Alpha, change of order. You go to the 1st floor. I’ll send Beta to the armory.”

Alpha took a large step forward and responded loudly.

“Leave it to me. I won’t be scared!”

“It’s good to be confident, but don’t forget the basics. The enemy will most likely be frighteningly powerful. Engagement must be avoided if possible. And Beta. Your task is relatively safer, so hand over your military gear to Alpha.”

“Y-Yes…”

Beta quickly took off the large plate she was carrying on her back.

The silver plate, apparently cast from metal, had hundreds of letters engraved along its concentric circles, and it also had a hole in the middle that could barely fit a fist. It could almost be mistaken for a weight plate used for exercise.

In reality, though, it was a piece of military equipment made by the State: the combat suit.

The silver plate, which was the original form of combat suits, was the most powerful item they had brought, yet Beta hastily passed it to Alpha as if it were a heavy burden.

Alpha looked happy to obtain such a powerful weapon, but Kanysen clicked his tongue in dissatisfaction.

“Tsk.”

｢The combat suit is a great weapon. It’s more logical to have Beta wear it, considering her cautious, calm nature and lack of physical strength… But it can’t be helped. Our lives are already forfeit. Right now, we need someone with a fighting spirit more than talent. Like Alpha.｣

Unaware of his leader’s thoughts, Alpha gleefully took the combat suit before looking at the former.

“Captain, can I put it on now?”

“Naturally.”

“Yeah baby! Don’t mind if I do!”

Upon hearing Kanysen’s permission, Alpha pulled back his sleeve to expose the bio-receptor in his wrist, then slotted his hand into the silver plate’s hole.

A magical light flashed at that moment as the metal plate separated horizontally. The plate changed shape along with the sounds of interlocking metal, moving in reverse like it was swallowing Alpha’s arm. Hard, clunky metal plates wrapped his left arm, while wires tightly connected the gaps in between.

Clunk, clunk. Metal workers would find it almost orgasmic to listen to the rhythmic, orderly beat. Cogwheels turned, smoothing uneven sections. The steel plates seamlessly covered his entire body at a steady pace.

Very soon, Alpha was wearing a huge armor of steel equipped with a full helmet and steel scales that covered any gaps. Completely surrounded by metal, he delightedly clenched his hands into fists with hard clanks.

“Haha! Now I can die without regrets!”

The Military State was a country that weaponized all creations, and it lived up to its reputation; when the Clothing Packet first emerged in the world, the State immediately conceptualized something different.

Clothes could be made into packets.

Armor was also a type of clothing.

Therefore, couldn’t armor also be made conveniently portable?

Based on this one-dimensional three-stage theory, the State researched a method to alchemize armor into a packet.

The massive difference in difficulty between alchemizing cloth and metal armor was disregarded—that was a problem for State technicians to overcome, whether they liked it or not.

Eventually, after investing tremendous human and material resources, the State perfected the technology of turning armor into packets.

And that was what Alpha was wearing. The combat suit, the quintessence of State alchemy and magical engineering.

“What incredible power. I don’t think I can lose to anyone with this!”

Alpha was drunk on a sense of omnipotence, his confident voice resounding through the metal armor. As Kanysen had expected, Alpha didn’t lose heart after equipping the combat suit. It was that attitude that he didn’t like, though.

He clicked his tongue in a scolding manner.

“Nonsense. The combat suit only adds to your strength. Beating the enemy depends on your skill.”

“But with this much power!”

Alpha’s fiery gaze turned to Azzy, who was yawning as if slightly bored. She turned her head with slightly sharp eyes upon sensing the odd air of murder around him.

Amazingly, the rebel was hastening his own demise, the ignoramus.

‘That reckless fool is trying to bite more than he can chew!’

And I wasn’t alone in my opinion. Kanysen’s eyes shot wide with anger.

“Alpha!”

The young Resistance fighter flinched.

“Don’t act rashly! Stick to your mission! First, take off that blinding visor! Your current task is exploration, not combat!”

“Yes, yes sir. I apologize.”

‘Hoo. Nothing ever comes easy.’

While Alpha hastily took off his helmet and visor, Kanysen looked at the rest of his group. Gamma and Delta.

They were supporters with lacking combat ability compared to Alpha or Beta, so it was better not to expect much of them in that aspect.

In exchange, Delta was a rearguard with a meticulous personality, while Gamma was a talented technician who used to work for the State. In particular, Gamma was the most important individual in the party as they needed to execute a methodical detonation, not an indiscriminate terror bombing.

“Delta will remain here, and…”

Kanysen’s gaze turned to me and Azzy, but he focused more on the latter. His eyes contained emotions akin to reverence and fear.

“And protect these people. It may be dangerous, so don’t let them go near the control center. If possible… Yes. You might as well play ball.”

“I un…derstand.”

I was awed by his cautious attitude.

Not going to let down your guard until the end, eh?

Me aside, Azzy was the Dog King. She could slaughter everyone here if she so wished, so being wary was natural.

Though of course, being the Dog King meant she couldn’t harm humans, so it was just a possibility. I figured it was hard for him to think that far.

“Good. Gamma goes with me to the control center. I’ll need your technical skills to carry out a clearer investigation.”

“Yes sir!”

“Then gather round.”

The nerve-racked Resistance members gathered their hands. But despite their overlapped palms, I could tell their hearts were scattered chaotically.

One of them was terrified, while another was only bent on showing off. One was even regretting blindly following their friends, only to end up down here.

But their feelings didn’t show. From the outside, they only seemed like a slightly mismatched rabble of Resistance fighters.

“Everyone. Let’s use our lives. Risk it all to deal a blow to the accursed Military State.”

“Yes, Captain!”

“Good. Move out!”

Nevertheless, what drew them all here was their hatred of the State and their bond with each other. No one disobeyed or hesitated, showing that they were at least barely prepared.

The members of the Resistance began to move to their tasked locations.





༺ The Resistance – 3 ༻

The Resistance members left for their respective positives, while Azzy and I stood around blankly.

Delta, the only one in his group who stayed behind, kept a distance from us, gripping his gun tightly.

He started talking to us.

“… Please wait here. The Captain will be back once all the work is done.”

“Ahh, okay.”

Now, they were all scattered. The situation was excellent.

Kanysen and Gamma left for the control center, while Alpha and Beta went off to the hells reserved for each of them. As long as I dealt with Delta, no one could get in my way.

It was time to get to work.

I changed my expression and put on an awkward smile, trying to appear harmless as possible as I innocuously struck up a conversation with Delta.

“Dear Lord, my legs are all shaky. We only had a talk yet I feel drained like I’ve just had a workout.”

“… The Captain does have a powerful presence. It’s not strange for you to feel strained.”

“You all amaze me. It mustn’t be easy to even follow a man like him.”

“… But we must. Still, the Captain leads us quite well. This plan would have been impossible if not for his wits.”

Let’s see.

Despite his diligent responses to my words, Delta was completely occupied with keeping wary eyes on Azzy, which was really a no-brainer. The dog-girl capable of catching bullets with her teeth was scarier than an unequipped, weak-looking “laborer”.

Though that mindset would be his biggest weakness.

“Hey, isn’t it fine to put down the gun now? It’s not like Azzy will bite.”

“… But.”

“Oh what do you mean ‘but’? You just saw. She has the crazy ability to catch bullets with her teeth even if you shoot. It’s utterly pointless to aim that thing at her.”

I secretly pointed at Azzy. Her excitement at seeing so many people a while ago was gone, and now she was sitting still with a rather gloomy face.

I didn’t know why. Dog reasons, probably.

But even in that distracted state, she seemed completely unafraid of Delta’s gun. Then again, how could she be afraid with a bullet-proof mouth? I’d be relieved if she didn’t mistake bullets for slightly faster balls and get into playing with guns.

“I’ve spent a few days with Azzy, so I knew that she’s not very dangerous despite her strength. I was also scared at first and ran away, but at some point, I got used to her. Here, take a look.”

I picked up the leather ball I had put away earlier.

As it held it high and shook it sideways, Azzy’s tail began to wag left and right first. Her head then turned to give me a stare before she jumped to her feet.

I quickly tossed the leather ball and shouted to her.

“Now! Fetch!”

“Woof!”

Azzy shot off after the ball.

Unable to keep up with the situation, Delta raised his gun a beat late in dismay.

“What have you done!”

“Woof!”

But his concern was in vain as Azzy fetched the ball in her mouth and came straight back to me. She dropped it at my feet and gazed up with a proud look.

I lowered a hand to stroke her hair, and she enjoyed the touch with half-lidded eyes. It was hardly a threatening sight.

Delta had quite a principled and thorough personality, but even he couldn’t help easing up.

“… Is this really alright?”

The muzzle of his gun fell as he relaxed a little.

I petted Azzy energetically, trying to appear as harmless as possible as I replied.

“Actually, I’m not sure myself. Things just, became like this before I realized.”

“She’s still a human being, dog-kin or not… Even if it is in her instincts, is it right to treat her that way?”

“But it’s not like I force her, right? In fact, I’m the one working for her. I throw, and when she fetches, I throw again. Azzy is the one who takes the fun out of this.”

“That is true, but still.”

“Well, I figure you have a similar relationship with your captain, Sir Delta. The disparity in power between you two is like heaven and earth, yet regardless of that, you just grew used to each other.”

“Mm.”

Delta seemed to realize how foolish it was to be guarded against Azzy; he couldn’t feel even an iota of threat from the way she rumbled happily at my every touch.

I continued stroking her to enact a pastoral atmosphere.

“I was so frightened and afraid when I was arrested by the State and ended up down here, but thinking back now, I’m glad. It’s peaceful, aside from the danger of being killed by the trainees, you see.”

“Peaceful. That’s not a word that suits Tantalus.”

“It’s how I actually feel, so. I suppose it could be thanks to all those jailbreakers who are gone.”

I took a pause for a moment, then lowered my voice to a rather melancholy murmur.

“If this place was the hell it’s rumored to be, not even the Military State would have sent an ordinary, petty criminal like me here.”

I emphasized my words to imply I was a powerless nobody who did have a great deal of common sense.

Take the bait. Come on.

As I anticipated, Delta showed curiosity.

“What were you brought in for?”

Having hooked the question I wanted out of him, I deliberately took on a faraway look and answered in a muttering tone.

“I was originally a magician. My job was to entertain people with magic in the back alleys. Although I hardly made anything off it, seeing the amazement of my audience always had its satisfaction. But.”

I broke off for the space of a breath, pretending to be lost in thought.

“Uh. I think it was about a week ago. Soldiers came in out of nowhere and started arresting folks on sight. I happened to be playing a card game with some friends when I was put under inspection and…”

“So that’s when. You were also taken in unfairly.”

Delta filled in the blanks by his own misunderstanding. He also fell into his own thoughts.

‘They would use an innocent person as a laborer. I knew it. The State is wrong. It has to fall. But forcing that same person to his death for that purpose… Are we in the right?’

My plan was going well.

I scratched my head awkwardly, giving an added explanation.

“Ahaha. About that, it wasn’t completely unfair. I did use a bit of magic in that card game. Haha.”

“… That’s a shame.”

‘So he was a gambler.’

Delta’s expression soured slightly. As an inherently upright type of fellow, he held gambling in absolute disdain.

Here I had to mix a spoonful of repentance into the act. A moderate sprinkle of sentiment on top of a solid background story would add depth to my persona.

“I was overconfident in my meager talent, forgetting that magic tricks hold the most value when they stay magical.”

With that said, I furtively took out a white card.

Interest flashed in Delta’s eyes when he realized what it was.

“Where did you get that?”

“I don’t know if it’s because I was born to be a magician, but I get anxious without a hidden card up my sleeve. So I did whatever I could to get one.”

Flutter.

The card danced under my fingers.

Left hand, right hand, palm, dorsal.

It flitted to and fro like a crawling bug, then when I spread out both hands at a certain point, it vanished like it was never there.

Well, I could see it clearly sticking to the back of my hand, but in Delta’s eyes, it was as good as gone. He looked genuinely amazed.

“What, you don’t even have a sleeve to hide the card, so how…?”

“Haha. You need to be capable of this much to be called a magician.”

I flipped my hand while secretly pulling the card to my palm, showing him the dorsal side while concealing the card.

By pushing the card again to the back of my hand while showing my palm, the card would seem to have completely disappeared for Delta.

“Woah.”

Having drawn enough of his curiosity,

I raised my left index finger and slowly pulled out the card on the back of my right hand.

Delta was clapping before he even knew it. A decent reaction.

I smiled, scratching my head as if embarrassed by the impressed look he was giving.

“But it’s unexpectedly useless in card games. However amazing my sleight of hand may be, it won’t stop people from suspecting.”

“It was fantastic. I wouldn’t have even thought to suspect you at all.”

“Oh a few lost pennies will fuel anyone’s suspicion. I’ve seen some grab my wrist after losing just several dozen coins, their eyes stained with anger and mistrust. I was momentarily blinded by greed back then, which made me lose sight of the essence of magic tricks: entertainment.”

I put the card away with a shrug.

“That’s how I lost my roots and got caught. But what about you, Sir Delta? How did you become part of the Resistance?”

“I…”

My question punctured the vulnerable opening in his mind with precision. He became locked in recollection without any doubt of my intentions.

“My real name is Elsie. Since I was a child, I was a fast learner. I entered a secondary military school according to my parent’s wishes, but even there I kept thinking to myself. Am I doing the right thing? Is the policy of the Military State just? But the State doesn’t allow that kind of debate, and I felt it was wrong that we couldn’t discuss right and wrong for the sake of order. That’s why…”

“You joined the Resistance?”

“That’s right. At least in the Resistance, you can express ideas for the future path of the country. I found many like-minded comrades too. It’s just that…”

｢I still don’t know if it’s right to keep resisting at the sacrifice of the common people.｣

The man named Elsie, codename Delta, was a thoughtful type.

I gave him enough time to settle his feelings before speaking.

“But you could lose your life.”

“I’m not afraid to die. I’m only concerned whether I am going the right way or not.”

“It must be the right way. You’ve thought it over plenty, haven’t you?”

“Contemplation doesn’t necessarily lead to the correct answer.”

“But you’re more likely to find the answer compared to not thinking at all. Since humans can’t be perfect, isn’t it better to chase the possibility?”

“… I appreciate the sentiment.”

“Well that’s all I can offer. A street magician only has his tongue to boast of aside from dexterity, after all.”

After comforting Delta, I smiled warmly and took out my card again.

“Now, now. Enough with the difficult talk. I’ll show you something interesting. It’s not often that I show this to anyone, but I’ll make a special exception for you.”

Delta swam out of his memories and fixed expectant eyes on my card.

With his focus on me, I put on a magician’s grin and flipped the card around in my hand.

“This is a trick involving a magic tool, so it should normally never be revealed.”

“Because it’s your source of income?”

“Haha. Partly, yes. But the moment this is revealed, people will start to feel more dubious than mystified. They will perceive magic tricks as something to analyze and disassemble rather than to enjoy. When that happens, magic is reduced to a rigged game. There will be no wonder, no joy. Only a fierce confrontation between the magician and his audience.”

I gathered mana at my fingertips, funneling it into my card which had a strange glyph was imprinted on its back. A faint light glimmered along its lines.

“Those who chance upon secrets inevitably search for someplace to spill them, but it just so happens that we’re in the abyss. And it’s not every day you make a new friend, so I’ll exclusively let you in the know.”

I sandwiched the card between my index and middle fingers, then slipped it along my left wrist. I unfolded my palm to cover his gaze for an instant, following which I flipped my left wrist and right hand simultaneously—and revealed what used to be a card.

What was supposed to be an ace of diamonds was replaced by a dark-red pointed skewer.

“Voila!”

“Ooh!”

I gave a few swings of the stick, swishing it through the air, proving that it was no gimmick nor hallucination but an object with a clear form.

I bowed, taking an imaginary hat off for my audience.

Delta applauded in admiration.

“That trick, was it alchemy?”

“You got some sharp eyes. I was going to make a slow reveal.”

“What, it was such a swift, stealthy display of alchemy. I would’ve been oblivious if I hadn’t seen it so close.”

“I admit it was no ordinary alchemy. This card was alchemized based on clothing packets, you see. So if you put in mana through the bio-receptor, like so.”

I put the skewer against my left wrist with the bio-receptor and rubbed it. The stick disappeared like it never existed.

When I lifted my palm again, the ace of diamonds was back.

Delta exclaimed in amazement as I proudly continued to explain.

“It can become a card or a stick. I normally hang seasonal flowers on the end for the audience, but sadly, not even a magician can procure the letters of Mother Earth in this abyss.”

Delta stared at my card in wonder, dazzled by my magic.

His eyes were no longer wary in the least as he muttered a remark.

“It’s a pity. It would’ve been much better if I had seen it in the outside world.”

“Haha. I wouldn’t have told you my secret then. Ah! Rats, it looks like my card is gone? I wonder where it went? Uh, hang on. What’s that in your hair, Sir Delta?”

Anyone would think this was part of the magic act. It was the only natural conclusion after everything that happened so far. That was why Delta didn’t even feel the need to be vigilant.

I walked toward Delta, casually holding out a hand. He kept still even as I approached.

‘What trick will it be this time?’

Watching the anticipating look on his face, I smiled faintly, transformed my card into a skewer, and rammed it into his temple.

Delta’s head was pushed lightly sideways. The interest filling his expression turned to puzzlement.

Then his brain, which wasn’t functioning very well, belatedly registered what had occurred—a sharp stick had pierced through the side of his skull.

His damaged head desperately rang alarm bells as I stretched out my arms for Delta in a ceremonial flourish.

“Tada! Vanishing Magic!”





༺ The Resistance – 4 ༻

Delta wasn’t capable of even changing expression due to the large needle stuck in his head. All he could manage was to force his lips to strenuously form several words as his face spasmed.

“What—did—you—do—”

“Huh? Where’d the card go? Tada, tada! Here it was!”

– Schluk.

I pulled out the skewer lodged in Delta’s head. With the stopper removed, blood burst out like a broken dam.

Bleeding from his head, Delta staggered like a broken robot as he tried to grab his gun again. His hands only clutched at the wrong places, though. His attempts to reach for the trigger kept veering to the right, his fingers trembling pitifully.

I turned over the retrieved skewer, and the weapon that had just punctured somebody’s head disappeared. A blood-stained card appeared in its stead.

I shook the blood off the card and bent deeply at the waist toward Delta.

“Thank you for watching until now. You made for a pretty decent audience, but I am a magician! And I can’t die in a place like this, you see.”

‘Urgh—you—tricked—’

“Whether he falls into a river in chains or is trapped somewhere full of lit explosives, the magician must get out alive in the end. Which is why I can’t participate in your group’s extraordinary suicide bomb show. So sorry! I’ve decided to perform an escape act with Tantalus as the stage, and your people as the obstacles!”

Delta slumped to the ground. He could no longer reply with his brain damaged. Only his sporadic, disconnected thoughts told he wasn’t dead yet. But even that wouldn’t last for much longer.

I squatted down to meet his eyes.

‘You—knew our—purpose from—the beginn—’

“But of course I knew. How could I not? There’s no way you all would’ve come charging in here with any safeguards, not after resolving to die, don’t you think?”

｢’You knew—yet—you–deceived—’｣

“Deceived, eh? Now I wonder about that. Who deceived whom first? Your captain, who offered an empty promise of escape? Or you, the one who overlooked that lie in silence, acting all noble and contemplative while hiding in the back? Can you say you didn’t deceive me?”

｢That’s—not it—I—｣

“No matter how noble you want to be, it doesn’t matter much. Because justice that is not shown through action is like undigested vomit. No matter how much you value your feelings, whether you pass it off as the greater good, your justice is no more than an expression of self-love.”

｢You—read my— thou—｣

Delta’s thoughts gradually blurred. From one side of his head, blood was running out of a hole, while on the other, blood was pooling. The pressure caused by the imbalance was crushing his brain, and the more damaged his brain became, the more his consciousness collapsed.

Delta’s last thought stretched out. Like the final word that marked the closing of a book, his lingering regrets stretched on and on like inertia.

A book was announcing its completion.

Having read enough of his mind, I whispered, eye-to-eye with him.

“Goodbye, Elsie Clark. You are a failed terrorist. Whatever your past may be, whatever excuse you may give, none of that will change you.”

｢Ah—ah—ah—｣

“But I will remember you, and your last moment.”

‘Ah.’

“Farewell.”

Delta’s trail of thought met a dead end.

That marked the ending of the book.

The body of codename Delta, real name Elsie Clark, became a splayed corpse on the ground. I swept a hand across its wide-open eyes, closing them.

And that was it. The end of an average, short life.

“Hoo.”

Thankfully, there was no need to wipe away the blood. The fluid coming out of the corpse was rolling toward the underground armory as if that was the natural order of things. So long as the vampire existed, there would be no bothersome need to clean up any bloodstains.

I shook my stiff shoulders and muttered to myself.

“Now, That’s one job done.”

Next was the Captain. Since he had the explosives, this matter wouldn’t end unless I took him down.

Now, Captain. It’s time to read where you are and what you’re doing.

I closed my eyes and expanded the range of my mind-reading, spreading it out like a mist, letting my senses grab onto the faint thoughts in the distance.

..

..

….

“Nine-thousand nine-hundred ninety. Nine-thousand nine-hundred ninety-one. Nine-thousand nine-hundred ninety-two…”

– Fwoosh. Fwoosh.

An invisible sword cut through space. The weightless, widthless sword, Chun-aeng. The reason why the widthless sword was making sounds was that its wielder was swinging it sideways to feel a minimal degree of weight.

Even so, the swings were sharp enough to rip through the air.

“… Ten-thousand.”

The ten-thousandth swing ended.

Droplets of sweat ran down Shei’s face. Although her loose-fitting pants were made of well-ventilating material, they were far from enough to cool her steaming body.

Shei brushed her short hair that came down slightly below her ears, shaking off the drop of sweat hanging by their tips.

Then she reacted subconsciously, out of impulse, cutting the falling sweat drop.

Once, twice, five times, ten times. A superimposed series of slashes.

One fall turned into a total of three-hundred-nine-two small collisions.

The fragmented sweat droplets scattered in all directions upon reaching the floor.

“Hoo.”

Shei poised herself again, taking a perfected stance. It was an impeccable middle posture she had created through personal study over 13 cycles of regression.

It was a good way to use the weightless sword Chun-aeng. There was no need to store power in advance due to its feather-like aspect, so even merely turning her wrist in the middle posture could bring out diverse, dynamic changes.

Of course, like all things in the world, there were only two directions to a side, left and right, so being unable to store power was also a disadvantage in itself. The sword lacked weight behind its every strike. But that issue would be solved once Shei obtained the Earth Sword, Jizan.

So what she had to do was train. Until Jizan was in her hands, before that powerful treasure sword overshadowed her force, she had to attain a new layer of strength.

That was why she came to Tantalus, and also why she learned bloodcraft.

Shei poised herself again, taking a completed stance devoid of any flaws.

To make further advances, however, she had to destroy that completion and capture non-existing flaws. Breaking down the shell around her was the only way to see the bigger world.

Long ago, in her initial life cycle—which was now a fading memory—she had relied on vagabond techniques to cling on to dear life. But now, as a half-transcendent being, that technique only held her back.

It was time to abandon the swordsmanship that had sustained her and died with her over the many years.

To completely ruin it and build it anew, Shei took up Chun-aeng again.

“Hoo, hoo.”

She had gained quite a lot in Tantalus. She clearly witnessed the jailbreak incident, of which she had only heard rumors of, and even met the vampire and the Dog King.

Plus an unexpected factor.

… Factor.

Shei’s sword lurched and its trajectory twisted. She stopped swinging and grit her teeth.

That easygoing, relaxed man. Every time she thought of him, Shei felt something was wrong. He didn’t exist in the future she knew, yet he was living here with a definite presence.

The man was closer than anyone to Azzy, and Tyrkanzyaka also secretly cared about him. He was sure to leave a lasting influence even if he were to disappear now.

More than anything, Shei herself was excessively bothered by him.

“Cheh. If only I wasn’t caught back then…”

It felt like she was getting caught up in his pace every time they got involved. While that did irk her, it wasn’t like that man did anything bad. It was just oddly unpleasant whenever he did something.

Not to mention that he was hiding something. Otherwise, there was no way he could see through her invisibility at a glance and predict she would eavesdrop.

Shei could win in an all-out battle, sure, but she didn’t feel the need to put everything on the line for a death match, not when he didn’t seem particularly hostile. So her conclusion was to keep observing for the present. She wouldn’t attack so long as he didn’t pick a fight.

An ambush, while she had her guard down, would be troublesome, but…

“Not really. I rather welcome it. That’ll tell me he’s untrustworthy.”

If she ended up dying, Shei could move on to the next regression cycle.

From that point on, if that man ever came across her, she would dismember his limbs and interrogate him.

I got distracted.

Shei brandished her sword as if to clear her thoughts.

She continued swinging until the count of the two-thousand.

Sweat droplets wet the floor as her breath started to run out, but still, she wasn’t satisfied.

Empowering her blade with her newly acquired bloodcraft resulted in imbalance, while executing a clean strike without wasted energy gave her the feeling of returning to her old sword technique.

Blood. Shei had figured that fully understanding blood and the weight flowing through her body would change something.

Perhaps her talent was lacking. Or was she failing to find the right posture to contain all her strength?

If only she had a helpful sparring partner at a time like this… For example, that man of fathomless ability…

She heard someone cry out in surprise at that moment.

“Eh!”

It seemed Shei was too focused. She hadn’t even sensed someone was approaching.

Pausing her swings, she took a deep, steadying breath and glared at her unwelcome visitor. Whoever it was, they wore thick armor.

Shei instantly recognized its model. The military gear of the State, the combat suit. Judging by the signs of poor management on that outdated design, someone must have stolen a model that was going to be discarded for being old.

Shei wiped her face with her sleeves, muttering to herself.

“The Resistance?”

“Wha-what? How did you know?”

The intruder, a young man, looked surprised.

It was simple logic. Even if it was an aged model, the Military State would never neglect one of their combat suits, the quintessence of military technology.

They would either collect and dispose of them all or disassemble them to create new combat suits.

If there was someone equipping one of those old models, they must have either stolen or seized a combat suit scheduled to be scrapped. And that was something only the Resistance would do.

The intruder was only bewildered for a moment before laughing off his discomfort.

“Haha. Our fame must have spread widely for such a young boy to recognize us… Boy, are you also a laborer?”

“No. I’m a prisoner.”

Shei responded curtly, showing no intention to continue the conversation.

A second later, Shei suddenly noticed something off about the young man’s question. Was she also a laborer?

But she was sure there was no laborer in this place.

Before she could point that out, though, the young man started ranting off.

“How could they lock such a young boy in Tantalus! The State truly is an inhumane, cruel country! What crime could such a youngster have committed!”

“I sat down in the middle of a city and told people I’d give a gold coin if they beat me. I took down every last one of the crowd that gathered. The army came later on, so I took them all down too. Then a so-called general came and arrested me.”

“Huh?”

The young man started dripping with sweat. When the “boy” showed a different response than he expected, he finally got the idea to take a proper look at Shei.

He assumed the boy wasn’t well-fed as he had a skinny, flimsy-looking body. His bones seemed inherently slender despite being “male”.

Those thin ankles visible under the bottom of his loose pants looked like they would break at a light whack. He didn’t have a physique suitable for fighting.

But the intense gleam in the boy’s eyes showed not a hint of fear, and his upright posture was like a well-honed blade. He was more like a sword than a human being.

Even his mere breathing was chilling, giving off the feeling of being able to cut someone while standing still.

The young man instinctively adjusted his combat suit.

Clunk.

The armor moved, covering his neck and lower chin.

Shei hadn’t even expressed any hostility, yet he protected his vitals out of fear.

She fixed a cutting gaze on the man.

“Why would the Resistance have come to Tantalus… It couldn’t be anything as ridiculous as rescuing the prisoners. You came to execute a terror attack, didn’t you?”

The young man hastily gestured in denial and raised his voice, acting like she had hit the nail on the head.

“What are you saying!? Are you suggesting we’re terrorists?!”

“Mhm.”

Shei’s response was cold.

“The Resistance… A bunch of riff-raff with nothing to show but vague, visionless dissent. All you people do is fly like moths to a flame and terrorize others…”

She sounded disappointed and disillusioned as if she had experienced it all herself.

In fact, she did experience it all.

Shei’s voice contained conviction, and the young man must have felt it. He flinched.

“You must be too steeped in ideology! We are the Resistance, a group that resists for freedom. We will defeat the military government that has unjustly grabbed power and grant this country true liberation!”

“I’ve tried that, but things didn’t change much. No, they became worse.”

“What are you saying?”

“You don’t need to understand. And I don’t intend to explain.”

Shei slung Chun-aeng over her shoulder and glared at the young man.

“You want to destroy Tantalus? What a riot. Rats like you can squeak and gnaw away at it all you like but it won’t fall. All of you will fail. Because it’s not yet time for its collapse.”

“No! We will succeed! The captain is already in the works. Once he’s finished, this legendary prison will crumble and we will go down in history as liberators!”

The young man was so worked up he couldn’t help screaming.

Shei snorted at that.

“You just said it yourself. That you’re here to carry out a terror attack.”

“Hmff!”

Now he couldn’t even deny the truth. The young man grimaced and raised his arms menacingly, lowering his voice.

“… Not bad, kid. I didn’t expect you to lead me on questions.”

“Idiot. You just have a cheap mouth. If that was leading, then the State’s Security Agency’s profiling would have mind-readers.”

The continued taunts made the young man snapped. Forgetting his captain’s warning, the young man burned with hostility.

“That’s right! Tantalus will disappear beyond the abyss! We will break down this symbol of oppression! So, what are you going to do?”

“But if Tantalus falls, your group won’t be safe either.”

“It doesn’t matter! We came prepared to die! The Resistance is always prepared to die for its country!”

“Hmm. Country, you say.”

As far as Shei had experienced, there was no one sane among these would-be-patriots.

She chuckled and raised her arms.

“Well, I don’t know. I doubt that man will stand by and watch it happen.”

Tantalus would fall, but not now. In a little less than a year, she would come, following which the prison would crumble, and true despair would crawl out—the Fragments of the Apocalypse. Monsters that could, if given free rein, bring the end of the world by themselves.

That was why these rebels could only fail. Even when Shei wasn’t here, they weren’t given a single line of mention in any news outlet. Tantalus wouldn’t be called the abyss if it could be destroyed by a few terrorists.

They weren’t an issue she needed to mind. That warden would probably take care of it since he seemed good at dealing with such matters.

“But that aside, there’s no reason for me to leave you people be, is there?”

– Schwiing.

Shei drew Chun-aeng with a clear ring, holding it aloft. Even the mere sound of her blade seemed to possess a tangible edge.

She muttered fiercely under her breath.

“A training dummy has willingly come to be used, after all.”

“A training dummy?!”

After crying out loud, the young man rushed to operate his combat suit; its helmet that was cocked back shot up with a clank and covered the man’s face, then its visor came down.

Steel scales sprouted over weak points like his neck and armpits.

The metal interlocked.

– Clunk. Clank.

Orderly, mechanical sounds surrounded him. Gaiters formed over his legs, and gauntlets over his arms.

The muzzle of a gun formed on his left hand, loaded with six armor-piercing rounds, while his right hand was fused with a huge greatsword capable of ripping through blades.

Upon fully arming himself, the young man roared at Shei.

“Training dummy? No! This is a combat suit! Do you think you can beat me in that ungeared state?”

As long as one had a bio-receptor, mana to support alchemization, and the strength to equip and move it, this full-body alchemic gear enabled even ordinary people to wield knight-class power.

Armed with the combat suit’s power, the young man made a threatening approach.

“You’ll regret shooting your mouth off!”

“Hmmm. Ungeared. Ungeared, huh…”

Yet Shei wasn’t surprised at all despite being up against a combat suit. Instead, she measured the power between the opponent and herself, and also analyzed what she lacked.

“Good. I just happened to need a close fight, so I’ll face you without wearing any gear.”

Immediately after, Shei ceased using her Qi Art and withdrew the mana in her blade as well.

Now, she was only a frail young girl holding a treasure sword she didn’t deserve. She had to rely solely on her martial prowess and experiences to overcome a weapon that was built on the blood and history of the Military State.

The question of whether she could do it wasn’t important.

Shei smirked.

“It’s just about matter of trying.”

If I die, then I die. Nothing more than that.

The girl took her invisible sword, Chun-aeng, and approached the activated combat suit, her blade chiming through the air as she moved to face the aggregation of clanking metal.





༺ The Resistance – 5 ༻

.

..

…

……

I’m scared.

This was the land cursed by Mother Earth, the abyss that the Sky God’s eyes didn’t reach.

Dying wasn’t frightening, but she was terrified of the possibility that her soul might not even be saved in death.

Beta, no, the young girl of strong faith named Cindy, grasped the cross she had put in her chest pocket as she always did.

“No. The Sky God is in our hearts. He must always be seeing the world through our eyes…”

Her father was a pastor. As a devout believer, he would lead the young lambs every Sunday. People offered prayers every church day and gained some small comfort to hold through the week.

But ever since the State established all kinds of religion as a “hobby”, God was blasphemously put in a position to pay taxes.

It was preposterous. How could the Sky God, the master of this world and father of all creation, pay taxes?

Naturally, protest arose among the believers. Cindy’s faithful father was no exception as he took the lead before everyone else in opposing the policy.

And as one would expect, he was dragged off by the State and never returned. Never.