

༺ The Castle of the Depths, Tantalus ༻

Once I arrived at the 4th-floor education room with two trainees and one dog in tow, I immediately began my lecture.

“Now, quiet down, quiet down. Everyone be silent! I will begin today’s lesson.”

Azzy yawned reflexively as usual before going to the back of the room and lying down on her belly.

I got that she was a dog, but still, to think she didn’t understand or even show the will to learn. Notwithstanding the distinct difference in the wisdom and intellect contained in our languages, did the words of men truly sound to dogs as the barking of dogs to men?

But the wise are those who look for something to learn even within the impertinent. Just because a dog didn’t know manners didn’t mean a human could fall to the same level.

So I took on the most dignified tone I could.

“I’ve got an amazing story to tell today, so you all get ready to be impressed. And also get ready for a standing ovation too.”

“You’ll get a flying weapon instead if it’s nothing big. Go on.”

The Regressor’s response was scathing. She still seemed irked about being dragged here. It looked like I wouldn’t be able to even joke properly. Or even explain, for that matter. The girl was too scary.

Lamenting the abysmal decline of my educational authority, I began my explanation in front of the human and undead duo.

“To check your concentration levels, I will be changing today’s lesson to an interactive class. The abyss. Does anyone know the meaning of this word? Yes, Trainee Tyrkanzyaka?”

The vampire, lifting her parasol slightly, answered in a relaxed voice.

“Is it not used similarly to the word ‘hell’ by the Order of Gaia? To refer to a land that has lost Mother Earth’s blessing and instead received her curse.”

“Correct! I will give 10 points to Trainee Tyrkanzyaka! These points will later be reflected in my mental ranking, so gather them well!”

After writing off a worthless bill as a reward, I continued loudly.

“That’s right. The abyss is what many religions describe as hell, or more specifically, hell as viewed by the Order of Gaia. It is the foremost concept that those mama’s boys thought of when picturing the most terrible place to punish sinners. Just like mama’s boys think, they consider any place without their mother as hell. Gosh, how disgraceful.”

The believers of Mother Earth were afraid of their feet losing the ground, more than a purgatory of burning sulfur or a limbo of eternal suffering. They didn’t look far for fear. Falling, feeling the dizzying sensation of losing hold of the earth, and meeting a grisly, tragic demise. That was the Gaian definition of hell.

“But you see, the land which should only exist within Gaian teachings, the hell which was too simple to have an impact for something they took pains to imagine, appeared in reality due to a certain event. That land is none other than this place: Tantalus, the abyss.”

I tapped the floor with a foot, emphasizing that the entire ground we stood on was the abyss.

“Ever since the State established a plan to use the hell of a fairly major religion as a prison, Tantalus has been viewed as something of a penitentiary. Regardless, fundamentally speaking, that isn’t true. A land with nowhere to stand. Devoid of time and space, a bottomless chasm of never-ending descent where one can only die in solitude. That is the abyss.”

But here, they had to feel something strange. They had to realize and point out the discrepancy in my words: why are we able to stand on our feet despite being in the abyss?

Unilaterally passing on knowledge wasn’t real education. An educator’s duty was to help learners to think and reason for themselves. After setting the topic of discussion, I read the thoughts of the trainees.

｢Ohh, how interesting.｣

｢I know everything he said so far. When will he start talking about Tantalus’ structure?｣

“Woof…”

I should stop expecting anything. These people utterly lacked the motivation to actively work out anything!

And the last one wasn’t even a thought! She’s really woofing!

“Everyone, aren’t you curious? How we’re able to stay standing in this abyss?”

“I am curious. Explain.”

They don’t give a rat’s ass about self-improvement! Are they baby birds crying in a nest or something? Do I have to spoon-feed them?

I grabbed a white chalk stick, then headed for the green chalkboard in the room, and drew two long vertical lines in the middle. It represented the abyss.

“Now, look. The abyss is basically a bottomless land, which makes it a deep pit that goes down forever. As such, if someone were to fall in here.”

I spun the chalk stick and inserted it between my fingers before drawing mana from my elbow to augment it. The end of the stick shone faintly with a melting glow of alchemic light, signifying the imbuing of mystic power. Then I used the enchanted chalk stick to draw a human figure between the vertical lines.

The figure spread its limbs, looked down, then back at the front before falling comically as characters did in dated cartoons.

“Since it’s impossible to hit the bottom, you’ll keep on falling and falling. You’ll have a rare experience where death comes before the collision.”

As if it really had entered the abyss, the human figure thrashed its limbs around as it fell to the bottom corner of the chalkboard… and disappeared under it.

I could manipulate anything I drew with the chalk stick through the simple enchantment I cast. It didn’t cost much mana, so even someone with a crummy mana capacity like me had no trouble using it.

The State’s chalkboard was double-sided. The human figure moved to the back of the board and climbed it from there. Before long, it reappeared at the top and began to repeat its fall from before.

So, how do you like my technique?

｢Moving pictures must be common these days. It is marvelous, but… seeing how no one is surprised, it must not be so amazing.｣

｢His fine control of mana isn’t bad. Hmph, I get it. So this much is basic to you, huh?｣

I had displayed the skill of a top-tier instructor, yet they responded with such a poor reaction.

I’m getting nothing for my efforts, aren’t I? Even the stock market, that king of fickleness, would be more honest than you lot. Tsk. I should do away with performing and just explain.

“But the abyss merely lacks a floor. It’s not without walls. There’s no foothold, but there is a surrounding precipice, yes? And if, somewhere on those walls, there is even a small raised spot, or if such a spot was made.”

I added a bumpy protrusion to one of the vertical lines on the chalkboard. The human figure that had been continuously falling coincidentally bounced on the bump. It flailed its arms, short compared to its head, and barely managed to gain a footing.

“Then, like so, you’d be able to stand on it for at least some time. Right? Even if this is the abyss, you wouldn’t fall anymore.”

Of course, the land lacked food and shelter. The human life required some space, after all.

But the vampire, who was a corpse and therefore only needed enough space for a coffin to lie in, was puzzled by the drawing.

“Mm? Is that not enough to live normally?”

I shook my head at her question.

“Mother Earth’s curse is nothing so forgiving. This is strictly expedient. Dirt you can stand on is also land, and in the abyss, such land is bound to eventually erode and disappear into the depths as well.”

At the end of my words, the bump I drew slowly trickled down as if melting, and the human figure standing on it jumped anxiously, sticking close to the wall. But there was no way around it. The abyss was a cursed land. The Mother of all human beings didn’t allow anyone to stand on their feet here.

Soon, there was no place to stand, and losing its tiny inch of sanctuary, the human figure resumed falling with no end in sight…

“Hence, this is why numerous adventurers threw themselves to find the legacies of the fallen that must be sleeping beneath the abyss. Though that only resulted in their remaining wealth joining said legacies. They hammered nails into the walls and tied themselves with ropes, but due to the surrounding earth sinking, they too became prey to the void. Thanks to the lives of those morons who had to taste poison to tell it apart from food, people finally gained the wisdom not to approach the abyss. But, our proud Military State decided to use this trait of this accursed hole as well.”

I drew a large plate over the abyss on the chalkboard, then above it, I added a great five-story building and high-rise lighting. Anyone, except idiots, would recognize the building at a glance.

The vampire let out a small exclamation.

“It is this place.”

“Yes. The State built an enormous structure. So enormous that it covers this abyss like a manhole.”

“A manhole?”

“I guess you don’t know, being someone from a thousand years ago. Just think of it as a good lid. Anyhow.”

I waved a finger as if it were a baton, and the chalk drawing of Tantalus slowly fell over the abyss, slow and heavy like a giant meteorite. I could almost hear it landing with a boom in my ears. A chalk drawing couldn’t possibly make sound, but the immersive heavy movement and flying chalk dust gave off that illusion.

Satisfied with my staging, I continued explaining.

“Concrete is a stone of omnipotence to the State’s Engineer Corps. With it, they laid the ground, raised pillars, and created a huge structure on top of the abyss, into which they herded prisoners. These prisoners who dared to set foot within the area of Mother Earth’s curse had to sink all the way down there.”

But while the earth could sink, concrete didn’t; it was a separate material, not an aggregation of dirt and sand.

“But this meticulously architectured concrete structure, created through digging up and processing ingredients which were then poured into steel frames… It may have been made from the products of the land, but it can never be part of the earth. Because it is strictly speaking a great building—in other words an object— ‘created’ by ‘humans’. An object should normally fall down the abyss, but being even wider than this chasm, both sides of the structure hung on the ends. As a result, Tantalus doesn’t fall. It merely sinks, like so.”

The walls of the abyss flowed down like sticky mud, and simultaneously, the enormous structure covering the abyss began to gradually sink.

But it didn’t fall. A manhole could be overturned, but it didn’t drop. Caught on either end of the walls, it slowly slid down, maintaining a dangerous balance.

“As you can see, we are living on a sinking land. Like a piece of bread caught in a person’s throat.”

I held a moment of gratitude for Gamma. I wouldn’t have discovered this truth if he hadn’t thought of going down so far through the control center basement. My knowledge grew thanks to him.

I’ll make good use of the last knowledge you left.

｢To think this land and everything else is artificial… I did think it was odd for a rock material, but what a surprise.｣

The vampire looked between the chalkboard and the floor with interest. She even went so far as to sit on the edge of her coffin and tap the floor with her feet.

Uh, could you feel inspired or something instead of simply being amazed?





༺ The Castle of the Depths ༻

These guys had no desire for self-improvement nor a sense of crisis. Even after all my explanations, they only reacted with mild interest. My chest tightened with the frustration that only those who have taught others would know. Did none of them feel anything?

At that moment, the Regressor, who was silent with her arms crossed, finally opened her mouth. I wondered what sort of question she’d ask.

“Why are you telling us this?”

Ugh. She was probing me instead. Talk about terminal paranoia.

I didn’t hide the disappointment in my voice.

“Don’t you like being taught?”

“How can I not? Tantalus is a level 5 security facility. The structure of a State secret facility holds, at the least, a corresponding security level. Yet you casually reveal something like that to us when we have no security clearance at all. You’re leaking level 5 secrets to level 0 outsiders. What’s the reason?”

Busting my balls even when I teach her something. How could she live on while suspecting everything in the world? I wished she’d just respond with amazement like the vampire.

It seemed the Regressor wasn’t going to back off without a proper explanation, so I decided to tell her a small part of the reason.

“Because, you all need to know this to gain a sense of ownership.”

“Sense of ownership?”

“Indeed. You know about the Resistance’s attack yesterday, yes?”

“What about it?”

Look at her calmly go ‘What about it?’.

Furious, I shouted at her retort.

“Do I use this land alone? Do I protect it all by myself? Somehow it feels like I’m unfairly doing all the work. If you’re all residents of this place, then show some care! The ground was about to literally disappear yet everyone was lazing around in their rooms. What were you people thinking!”

You guys need to realize the land we are standing on could break apart in a flash so that you’ll get a sense of crisis and try to stop it from happening!

“I alone went to pick up the supply box this time. I alone discovered the Resistance in advance. And I was the one who stopped their plan! I got dumped. Dumped with all the work!”

“Isn’t that your job?”

“Survival is every individual’s responsibility! Will you simply die if I don’t save you?”

“Did you even save me?”

“Oh you know it! Do you know what the Resistance was planning in yesterday’s invasion? Look!”

I strode up to the chalkboard and rubbed out both ends of Tantalus with my fingers, then crossed the middle with my chalk stick.

“Here! The opposite side! The middle! They were going to plant bombs at these three points, blow them up at the same time, and drop Tantalus by splitting it in half!”

I slammed the board, making the drawing of Tantalus drop chalk powder from the vibration. Starting from the collapsed ends, the prison lost its exquisite balance and tilted. When it came to a heavy structure with broken balance, its own weight was the biggest enemy that would lead to its destruction. In that state, an additional explosion at the center was like a nail in the coffin.

The Regressor uttered a small sigh of realization at the outcome of my drawing.

“Oh.”

｢So this… This is how Tantalus collapsed?｣

Tantalus couldn’t hold on, it split in half and fell down, way down. That was how the prison depicted in chalk went to ruin.

I banged the board again, and the Regressor returned from her thoughts.

“See? The land right before your feet almost ended up like this! Yet you people lounged about, all relaxed, only after the situation was over! If I hadn’t actively moved to stop it, everyone including myself would’ve been lost to the abyss! Am I right or am I wrong?”

Not even the Regressor, who was taking a defensive attitude with her arms crossed, could help but be convinced. She furtively loosened her arms and turned her gaze slightly.

“…You’re right, I guess.”

“Should you thank me or should you not?”

“Thank… a thank you isn’t really in order. You did it to save your own skin too.”

Look at her holding on to pride to the bitter end. Is it so hard to give a simple word of thanks?

“Woah. I recall someone was unconcerned about the invasion, happy about getting a training dummy. How can you think that way?”

The Regressor looked shocked.

“H-How?”

“How did I know? Did you think I wouldn’t? The fellow wearing the combat suit plainly headed to the 1st floor, and Trainee Shei came out with his head a long while later. Isn’t that right? I’m sure that with your ability, you could have beheaded the man in a single blow, so why would you start a brawl there?”

“W-Well. Because I lack real experience.”

“Fighting with your life on the line because you lack experience. While the other intruders were planting explosives at that! That complacency is what brought on a crisis like this! And it’s because I responded in time that Tantalus is safe!”

Every word I said was true. The Regressor tried to pick at my argument in instinctive self-defense, but she found no excuse for all her effort. She clicked her tongue and agreed.

“Tsk. I get it. I’ll step up next time, are you happy?”

“Very good! Make sure to remember that!”

According to the Regressor’s brief recollection I read, at least a few more people would be invading this prison. Someone among them would probably be significant enough to be involved in the destruction of the world.

Could I stop that? No way. Not only was it impossible, but I also didn’t even want to try. I had to risk my life to take down the mere likes of Kanysen and the other Resistance members, so why should I face an even greater adversity?

“The next time people fall down here, you ladies deal with them on your own. Don’t think someone will do it for you and procrastinate! Let’s have the first person to find them handle the matter! Are we clear!”

I wouldn’t mind if I was the only one here, but why should I work with the Regressor and Vampire Progenitor around?! The powerful had to take care of conflicts to exert a good influence!

“The next time an ill-intentioned intruder drops in? I won’t lift a finger against that intruder!”

Good. With this, I had an excuse to run away the next time someone broke into Tantalus. That was a precious gain. A one-time clemency ticket.

Hoo. The next time someone comes, I’ll line up the undying’s limbs and play dead.

While I was mulling over how I’d escape, the vampire tilted her head, asking a question.

“Are you not exaggerating over a small incident?”

“Ex-Exaggerating?”

Do people nowadays think it’s an exaggeration to be concerned about their life teetering on the edge?

I gaped at the absurdity of what she said, but the vampire didn’t stop there.

“For all you said, you easily solved everything that happened yesterday, as cleanly as gargling after a meal. Yet you complain so much.”

“What do you mean gargling?”

Did she think I had an easy time handling those Resistance members?

Overestimation is fine, but the moment it’s used as a pretext to overwork me, it becomes a damnable shackle.

I hastily gestured in denial.

“No, please don’t trust me! Unlike you lot, I’m a normal human being with only one life, alright? I can’t survive a bullet unharmed like Trainee Tyrkanzyaka, and neither do I have all kinds of bizarre tools like Trainee Shei! All I have to rely on is my body!”

“Yes, you defeated three foes with only your body. Without shedding a drop of blood, too.”

“What’s the big deal about that? Two were small fry, and the other one was nothing much either! It wasn’t dangerous in the least! It’s not that I’m great or anything!”

“Your last opponent, he was definitely a knight. You overpowered and even restrained such an individual. When I sensed his death, there was no wound on his body aside from your final blow.”

“No, that’s—”

“Not to mention, you are in a league above Shei. It is only right that the person of higher standing and power take on greater obligations.”

This was bad. The vampire was totally convinced that I was stronger than the Regressor!

Completely ignorant of the present-day world, the vampire was very receptive to information and stimuli from the outside. Even if I told her that the top of the State’s headquarters could split open and let a giant magic golem fly out of it and across the sky, she would take my word for it. It was like how a newborn baby bird perceived the world.

“In the first place, since you hold the title of a warden, you should be thinking of taking charge. A man who works for the country should lead the citizens, should he not?”

And she couldn’t throw away that geezer’s mindset! She lectured me according to her misjudgment!

I didn’t mind her mistakenly believing I was strong since that was slightly intended. But putting me on a pedestal like this was dangerous.

Once the misunderstanding was resolved, they’d resent me for their misconception, and if it wasn’t resolved, I’d be forced into perilous situations.

The higher you climb, the harder you fall. I was lost. It was time to deflate their expectations.

But at least the Regressor was insightful. Wouldn’t she start to see me for what I was?

｢He overpowered a knight? Without receiving a single injury? With nothing but his physical body…? Could I do the same? No. It’s impossible right now. I still haven’t built up all my strength. Tsk. I don’t want to admit it, but… I think he’s stronger than me. For now.｣

Don’t go basing your judgment purely on someone else’s words! Please see for yourself how I fight first dammit! If you don’t want to admit it, check with your own eyes!

Tsk. It looked like I’d have to protect the Regressor with my meager talents if I stayed here any longer. There was no choice but to make an emergency escape.

I bared my nails and scratched the chalkboard, causing a terrible screech. The Regressor grimaced, the vampire frowned, and Azzy—who was sleeping on her belly at the back—sprang up with a yelp.

Secret Technique: Chalkboard Scratch. It was a technique to break the flow of unfavorable conversations using dreadful noise and get out of harm’s way.

After catching their attention using this forbidden move, I shouted to them.

“Then let’s go by a rotation system. Whatever the case, I cleared the mess this time, agreed? So the next time some baddie comes breaking in, one of you guys take care of it! End of story…!”

“Ruff! Ruff-ruff! Ruff!”

I thought it was over, but this time Azzy started barking fiercely at me.

What’s with her now?

“Grr! Ruff! Ruff-ruff!”

To take a rough guess, she seemed angry that I made a bit of noise with the chalkboard while she was sleeping.

The hearing of a dog was dozens of times better than a human’s, and when it came to Azzy the Dog King, she could even catch whispers from the other side of Tantalus.

She was a bit dumb and also knew how to ignore meaningless noise, which was why she ignored most sounds. If I muttered “mutt” anywhere in the prison, the dog-girl could hear me wherever she was. Then she’d bare her fangs with a stiff tail.

So a noise attack was extremely effective against her. Realizing this, I did feel about a dog’s hair of remorse. But as a human being, I couldn’t bow my head to a dog first.

I held my chin high and glared at Azzy.

“Who told you to doze off during class? And what, don’t you scratch concrete with your claws? A man can scratch some chalkboard too. What’re you gonna do? Rebel?”

“Grr! Ruff!”

That was a yes.

Ridiculous. The likes of a dog defying a human? How arrogant. I’ll show you the exact difference between us.

I raised both hands towards Azzy and smiled lamely.

“On second thought, I think I feel a little sorry. Why don’t we make up here?”

This was what a human could do and a dog couldn’t: dialogue and concession. So I tried to compromise with the dog.

It didn’t have a dog’s chance of working.

“Ruff!”

The domestic animal’s rebellion was so abrupt that I had no time to react. Azzy came flying across the classroom. I was caught before I knew it and fell rolling to the ground with her. When I regained my senses, I found myself at the bottom of a mount position.

Azzy didn’t seem intent on attacking. She merely pressed me down without baring her claws, but that alone was enough to render me helpless. It felt like metal stakes were pinning my shoulders.

It was a wonder why they thought of me as strong when I showed them this miserable sight every day. They had to be blind, I was sure of it.

Still, I couldn’t let them see me losing to a dog. My pride as a human wouldn’t allow that.

So I signaled the end of class.

“Today’s lesson ends here. Now, everybody go back.”

The vampire took her parasol and sat on her coffin. The black coffin floated up as usual

and flew towards the door.

“Very well. It was fun.”

“The lesson wasn’t meant to be fun, you know? Get out quickly. I’m going to give this dog hell.”

I locked gazes with Azzy for a moment. Her eyes were full of discontent.

You insolent creature you, daring to revolt just because I scratched the chalkboard a bit. I’ll show you what I’ve got.

The Regressor stopped in the middle of following the vampire out and looked our way.

｢Is he going to fight? If I see those two go at it for real, I could probably get a rough idea of how strong they are. Mm. Shall I have a watch?｣

“What are you doing? You think this is a show? Unless you’re going to take this dog off me, get a move on.”

As I shooed her off lying down, the Regressor swallowed her regret and looked away.

｢He’s wary after all. I guess he doesn’t want to show everything he has.｣

Bzz. I mean that I have no power worth showing you. There’s no sight to see either, so get out already.

I shooed her again, and the Regressor quietly turned around.

“Yes, you two work it out.”

Then she coolly went out the door. Thud. The thick tin door closed firmly and a brief silence fell. Then I heard a line of thought on the other side of the door.

｢Piercing sight, Jade Eyes…｣

“I didn’t mean for you to watch from outside when I said get out, Trainee Shei. Peeping isn’t exactly good behavior, so leave quickly before you disgrace yourself further!”

The Regressor flinched hard and used that windwalking or whatever to run down the hallway without making a sound.

｢T-this isn’t me running away. Yeah. I’m pretending not to be outside so I can find a more definite opportunity later. Taking one step back to take two steps forward.｣

Pretending my foot. I completely sensed her there. The girl had some things easy after regressing, and now she couldn’t give up the habit.

Anyway. Now I only had Azzy with me, still baring her teeth and in that mounted position. She was growling even more fiercely because I hadn’t been paying her attention.

“Are they all gone?”

“Grrrr.”

“Mm. I think they are.”

After making sure I couldn’t hear any thoughts, I stared straight ahead, met Azzy’s glare, and took on a tone more determined and sincere than ever.

“I’m sorry, Azzy. I won’t do that from now on.”

“Grrr.”

“Oh, don’t be mad. I just forgot you were there. I never thought you’d hate the chalkboard screeching so much.”

“Ruff!”

“Aww, good girl, good girl. Azzy~ Azzy~ Good Azzy who doesn’t get angry.”

“Bark, bark!”

“You know I love you, right? Now, I’ll pet you. Move your feet.”

“Woof!”

Azzy removed her forefeet that were pinning my shoulders and swerved around. Seeing her ears twitch, it seemed that’s where she wanted me to pet. Look at her lording it over me.

I raised my torso with a groan, sat Azzy down on my lap, and stroked her unkempt hair.

A couple of pets later, she was rumbling with a completely relaxed face.

“Sigh. Life.”

“Woof!”

“I meant it’s so nice to be with a dog like you in my life.”

“Woof-woof!”

Well. While I did complain, if I had to pick who the best was out of those left in Tantalus, I’d truthfully pick Azzy. It wasn’t a matter of preference, it was about return on investment.

Where else could you find someone so dense with such a clearly beneficial input and output? Even if I displeased her a little, all it took to loosen her up was some whispered sugar-coated words and petting in my lap. So much easier to handle compared to the vampire and Regressor.

Sure it took a routine of cooking her meals, taking her on walks, and playing with her daily,

but no biggie.

Sure she was a fusser, so if something went wrong she’d keep barking at me,

but no biggie.

And when it came to fighting humans, she was no help at all. But no biggie.

… Huh. Maybe this doggy is the most useless of the lot?

But I had already poured too much effort to be cutting her off now. So I swallowed my tears, lifted my fingers, and added today’s maintenance fee to this sunk-cost furball.





༺ Supplies, Another Battle ༻

Dingle-dingle.

“Here, Azzy. Boiled canned beans for breakfast!”

“Woof-woof!”

Dingle-dingle.

“Here, Azzy. The bean stew you always eat for lunch!”

“Woof!”

Dingle-dingle.

“Here! Azzy. I cooked soy meat patty for dinner! But this time there was no meat, so I made it with just beans!”

“Woof! … Woof?”

Dingle-dingle.

“Now for some tofu residue made from yesterday’s leftover beans. I left them for you!”

“Woof…?”

Dingle-dingle.

“Voila! Steamed beans! Oh my goodness, it turns out you can steam beans too! This enriches the taste and brings out a slightly stronger flavor!”

“Woof.”

Dingle-dingle.

“Nooow. Today is a special occasion! A special double serving of bean stew! Whoa, that’s twice as much as usual, twice!”

“…”

Dingle-dingle.

“I think we’ve made a full rotation now? Then in the sense of going back to our origins, how about some bean—”

“Ruff! Ruff-ruff!”

“Gaaaagh!”

In a way, it was a foreseen outcome, and in another, an expression of ingratitude.

Even I, a lordly human and member of the prime race, couldn’t escape the hellish daily cycle of canned beans, yet a mere dog dared to be picky!

… But to be fair, I was also getting sick of the vegetable, so it was high time we searched for different ingredients. However, due to certain issues overlapping over the past few days, the only food materials we had were canned beans overstocked enough to build a castle out of. If we ate all those, Azzy and I would end up as sausages stuffed with plants.

There was only one way to solve this dilemma.

“Oi! Captain Abbey! Are you listening?!”

Opening one of the cupboards in the cafeteria, I found the captain’s golem sitting between propped iron pots, its limbs slack. Its shoulder, pierced by the regressor’s sword, had an ugly hole, and its body was covered in scratches. Even the iron pots were cleaner in comparison, and they were plagued by fire and oil since the moment they were created.

It was a pitiful sight, like looking at a doll neglected out of lost interest or a homeless person living under a bridge. So much so that you wouldn’t imagine it to be one of the State’s prided magic golems.

That wasn’t any cause for sympathy, though. The golem was strictly a synchro-type magic golem and its pilot was an elite officer among elites. I guessed they were monitoring this side while drinking an iced glass of beer in some cozy, relaxed place.

The golem might be going through hardship, but it was only a detached tragedy. Like how the misfortunes overlooked in reality swept the mainstream of literature, the golem’s pilot was probably getting their vicarious fill of doom and gloom, which couldn’t be felt in their present day.

Thinking about it, I grew indignant.

Should I just dunk this golem into the toilet? It’s not even connected right now. If I can get a feeling of torturing it in water, that might soothe my miserable—

｢What brought you here?｣

“Yikes, you startled me!”

I lost grip on the golem, surprised by its sudden movement, before managing to barely catch it again. It almost fell to the floor. The golem stared up at me.

｢Please take caution. This unit is heavily damaged, making it difficult to withstand any further impact.｣

“Oh dear, I’m sorry.”

As I carefully put the golem down on the cafeteria table, it stood up unsteadily, creaking. I scratched my head and settled down on a chair.

“You were connected.”

｢Tantalus is a level 5 security facility. Observing the happenings in the facility is my work and duty. I cannot be negligent for even a moment.｣

So she was hard at work. That made me feel sorry somehow. A little guilty too. It was as if I had cursed a civil servant, only to see them working busily the next moment. Seeing how the pilot was here, even though it wasn’t mealtime, they really had to be checking frequently.

“But don’t you only stay in the cafeteria? Why sit here day and night? What’s there to monitor?”

｢It cannot be helped. The other trainee will attempt to destroy this unit were I to leave this location. However, it is also a relief. I can watch you and the Dog King at every mealtime.｣

“Me and Azzy? What’s the point of watching a man eating with a dog?”

｢At the very least, it tells me you are alive. That alone is worth knowing.｣

“My survival?”

｢Affirmative. The Military State takes a profound interest in your life and death.｣

I felt a little shy to hear that. Who knew the State was paying such attention to my safety?

It was oddly moving to think of them watching with interest, considering how they dismissed welfare and safety as a luxury—

｢Because you are a litmus.｣

Litmus. It was a test paper to determine whether a solution was acidic or not, and also a jargon sometimes used by the State.

What did it mean?

It meant to them, I was no different from a piece of litmus paper. A paper that serves as a warning when it turns red. In other words, I was a scapegoat sent down the abyss first to see if it was safe or not.

Now I understood why I was ordered to survive. That was probably about all they expected of me in the first place.

My pessimism as a citizen was growing today as well, yet the golem added some more to the negativity.

｢If you happen to suffer a fatal wound by someone, I request that you loudly shout the identity of the attacker before dying. Our country will then make a more objective assessment of the trainee based on your testimony.｣

“Say what? This golem can’t choose its words carefully. Shall I end you first? Wanna scream my name last thing before you shut down?”

｢It is not a bad proposal for you as well. You will be able to add a negative assessment to your killer. I am sure you can rest easy even in death.｣

“Is that a humane thing to say? I don’t want to close my eyes in peace! I’ll keep them open for the rest of my life, cataracts be damned, I wanna live!”

Enraged, I grabbed the golem’s legs and held it upside down. The golem shook powerlessly, its joints creaking. That seemed to bring some sense to the pilot as the voice coming from the golem’s mic grew much more urgent.

｢Cease this at once. I strongly request that you cease this unprovoked violence and free this unit.｣

“Calling this unprovoked violence is the reason you’re gonna get hit, you lump of scrap!”

I debated hitting it with my hand, but then its hard-looking body caught my eye. My fingers would hurt instead, right?

A tool was what I needed for the occasion. I drew my ace of diamonds and alchemized it into a skewer, then put the sharp thing to the golem’s torso.

The golem cried out hastily seeing the weapon before itself.

｢Cease this at once. This is a serious warning. Should you damage this unit, there may be a significant disadvantage to your assessment…｣

“You still haven’t disconnected? Well then.”

I had to strike while the pilot hadn’t disconnected and still shared a sense of pain with the golem.

The thin, long skewer could act as a cane by itself. I swung it and spanked the golem’s buttocks with a clang.

｢Agh!｣

“Oh don’t fuss. You can’t even feel pain when you disconnect the sense anyway.”

｢Affir…mative. This unit is a golem. Such behavior is meaningless. I strongly request you stop imme—Ack!｣

I gave another spank while the pilot was talking. They let out a small groan. It seemed the pilot hadn’t cut off pain sharing yet.

I held up my cane and muttered solemnly.

“But there is more meaning in the act of punishment itself than the pain. Although it may only be a golem, spanking that ass causes me a gouging pain in my heart too.”

How unfair was this? Sure I was spanking the golem as punishment, but the pilot inside only had to disconnect for a while before coming back. Maybe the pilot was having a cold drink on the other side, cursing me. Urgh, the thought amplified my bitter feelings.

Alright. I’m gonna vent this hatred through my cane.

I whooped the golem’s buttocks as it hung upside down. Clang, clang. Metal collided against metal. After about ten strikes, I stopped, afraid it might really malfunction, and placed it again on the table.

The golem was on its fours with its butt held high as if it was really in agony. Halting words came out of its mic.

｢… Reflect, on your assessment…｣

“Oh come on. Will you stop exaggerating? I know you disconnected the sensorial link. If someone saw, they’d think you’re completely synchronized with the golem.”

The golem glared at me. For some reason, I felt resentment coming from that inorganic body. Could a tin doll contain emotions? Well it turned out the answer was here.

I mean, why though. Was I wrong? I doubted the pilot took all those hits. It wasn’t like they were a masochist.

｢… This unit is one of the few remaining communication-type magic golems. It must never be destroyed if only for the stability of communication. It is bad enough that the defect in the shoulder has caused a failure in the synchro function. Any more impact may deal an irreparable blow to the unit.｣

“That’s why I struck with the side instead of stabbing.”

｢That stimulates the pain synchro mo—｣

The golem stopped talking with a grunt and stood up, in a more crooked posture than earlier, before continuing.

｢… So. I take it you have some request to make, coming to me now when you only entered the cafeteria to eat for the past several days. What is the matter?｣

“Oh, right. Give me some supplies. There isn’t enough fresh food.”

｢Supplies, you say?｣

The golem sounded incredulous.

｢You came to request supplies, yet you attacked this unit?｣

“Hey now. Attack? What about the chemistry we have? Let’s say it was some light skinship.”

｢So you call it light skinship to hit someone with a metal stick.｣

“Well at least I only hit a golem. The State thrashes humans. Honestly, they’ve got nothing on me in comparison.”

｢… I ask again. You came to me asking for supplies, yet you attack this unit and criticize our country?｣

The golem glared daggers at me for a while before giving an answer.

｢Request denied.｣

“What, why?”

｢I believe your statement a moment ago alone makes for plenty enough reason.｣

“Are you really going to play dirty like this? You’re trying to take personal revenge by abusing your power, aren’t you?”

｢Personal revenge is only part of it. I also have a legitimate reason to refuse.｣

That means it is personal to some extent, then. Is a soldier of the State allowed to say that openly?

It was absurd, but I was the one at a disadvantage due to needing those supplies. I had to take a humble stance for now.

“Well, let’s hear that reason then. What is it?”

｢Two days ago, supplies were dropped on Tantalus. You must have received them. It is a waste of resources and a dereliction of duty to request additional supplies when there is enough food left. The logistics division will not accept the request, and I also cannot see why it is necessary.｣

“So to put it simply, you’re saying, ‘You got your supplies two days ago, why ask for more you pigs,’ right?”

｢There is no need to repeat it if you have understood. To conclude, additional supplies are impossible.｣

The golem’s pilot was curt, sounding cold and hard as if they really had become a steel doll.

I protested in an aggrieved voice.

“But there was nothing but canned beans in the supply box! We’ve been living on nothing but beans for the past few days. Are we supposed to continue that way? Do you intend on making living fermented soybeans out of us?”

｢Negative. Bread and milk should have been included in the supply items. You are uttering falsehoods.｣

“What are you on about? Don’t you know that the Resistance members hiding in the box snarfed it all up? Why are you asking me for what’s in their bellies?”

Hearing my irritated retort, the golem’s head jerked up as if it had received an unexpected blow.

｢… I did not hear clearly. Can you repeat that statement?｣

“I’m saying, the Resistance members who hid in the supply box stayed alive by stuffing themselves with everything not canned. That’s why we have nothing but sickening canned beans to eat. I’m sure you’ve seen it as well. How we’ve been having only beans for some days now. It’s hard for me and Azzy to keep going on that alone, so give us something else.”

｢The Resistance, hid in Tantalus?｣

The golem fell silent for some time before suddenly starting to interrogate me.

｢Why are you saying this so late?｣

“Why? Because I need supplies.”

｢Did you not think it was more important to inform me of the infiltration than to request supplies?｣

“Is that important?”

｢Affirmative. It is a matter of course. So, what happened? What of the intruders?｣

“They tried to set off a bomb, so battle broke out. After the fight, the vampire feasted on the intruders.”

The golem clutched its forehead with its functioning right hand. The gesture was so realistic that I was certain the pilot was taking the same pose.

｢This is no false report, I take it?｣

“You think I’d eat nothing but canned beans for days just to get some more supplies? If you need more evidence, then look up the name Kanysen Riverwood. I’m pretty sure he’s on the wanted list.”

｢Please wait a minute.｣

The light faded from the golem’s eyes for some time. The pilot must have temporarily disconnected to check. Before long, the golem moved again.

｢… I have, confirmed it. We have judged your claim to hold sufficient credence, considering that you have no way of checking the recently updated wanted list. It would be logical to think you met the fugitive in person.｣

“Yay. So you’re giving us supplies then?”

｢Does that matter right now?｣

“Of course it does. Azzy’s tired of beans and now she’s about to start eating me. I’m less scared of the dead Resistance, who are now nutrients for the vampire, and more scared of Azzy. Opening a can of beans alone gets her growling.”

Once again, the golem clutched its forehead and groaned. A heavy sigh came from its mic.

｢… I will ask for additional supplies. But this case requires your testimony and the judgment of the higher-ups, so please cooperate.｣

“If you’ll give us supplies, then I’ll testify anything. How shall I deliver it? Fairy tale style? Or theatrical style?”

｢In a statement tone, if you please.｣

“Okay. Now, once upon a time, there was a beautiful village where, when the water mill went round and round scooping up water, a rainbow would stretch like a zelkova tree. It began with the clear river water coming from the mountains, the merchants who sought a milepost to the sea, the stories they brought, the boy who grew up listening to them, and his dreams that flowed alongside the water. There, a boy named Kanysen Riverwood—”

｢Statement.｣

“Sheesh, no sense of romance. Statements are boring.”

The reason hands were separate from the mouth? It was probably so that the mouth wouldn’t interfere with the hands working. My hands were empty as I explained the full story to the golem, so I instinctively found something to do.

What I found was opening canned beans. Since I had shown every trick I could with these blasted beans, it was time to get rid of them.

One by one, I opened the mountain of cans as I recounted what had happened.

“So. They tried to destroy Tantalus with explosives, which is why I bypassed them using a technique of Heaven and Earth, the divine art of teleportation. They ran like terrified rabbits at my stealthy, sudden approach. At that moment, I threw the canned bean in my hand, and the beans exploded like a grenade, wiping out the… Oh, sorry. Where was I?”

｢I have confirmed up to the part of the Resistance making a plan to destroy Tantalus using explosives.｣

“Ah, yes. So as I was saying…”

I was well into recounting my story as I shook an opened can of beans into a large pot. At that moment, I heard the loud thumping of feet running down the hallway. I could fully guess what was behind this revealing noise without having to read any thoughts.

“Woof, I hate!”

Azzy busted through the cafeteria door and came straight over to cling to me. She grabbed my waist with both arms and pulled at my sleeve with her teeth, shaking her head in great desperation. The dog-girl made it seem like I was cooking up some terrible alchemic concoction of a witch.

“I hate! Beans, I hate! Woof! Stop!”

“Azzy. I think my body will rip before my clothes, so could you let go?”

“Woof! Woof-woof!”

How much did she hate beans to come rushing over in fright at the sound of opening cans?

And all the while, the State-made warden uniform was so needlessly tough that it didn’t tear well. Though that made my hand flail around harder due to Azzy’s head-shaking. That alone was about to dislocate my wrist.

After barely calming Azzy, I emptied the last can into the pot before explaining to her.

“We aren’t going to eat these canned beans.”

“Woof? Really?”

“Really. How could we eat so much? This will all be used as fertilizer.”

I poured water on the beans in the pot and made something similar to bean porridge. Azzy’s tail stood on end as she glared at the stuff as if it were her archenemy. I soothed the agitated dog-girl, then hefted the pot of twenty canned beans toward the storage, grunting.

There lay what looked like a completely dismembered body… which looked like a corpse. I noisily put the pot down by the head. I noted its eyes were rolled back.

The next moment, the undying’s right arm leaped over and began to transport the bean porridge into his mouth. It was, whichever way I looked at it, not something fit for human consumption, but the right arm didn’t seem to care for form or flavor so long as it had nutrition.

Well, it wasn’t like a tongueless arm could taste.

“It was a bit gross at first, but it’s better now I think of it as growing a plant.”

It would probably take a day to gobble all that up, so I closed the storage door and came out. Azzy, who had been waiting in front of the door with a lowered posture and stiff tail, barked happily after seeing the pot was gone from my hands.

Together, we went to the golem.

“See? You can’t try to feed Azzy more beans.”

｢I have understood the situation, but you have yet to finish recounting the story of what happened. I ask that you first finish explaining.｣

“Ah, right. How far was I?”

｢You talked up to the point of the Resistance remnants planning a bomb terror attack.｣

“Huh, I said everything then. That’s all there is to it. We joined forces to stop them and gave their corpses to the vampire. The end.”

The golem suddenly stood up and raised its fist.

The heck? For a moment I was slow to react as I couldn’t read its thought. Was it trying to start a fight? But sadly, weak though I may be, that puny golem model wasn’t enough to harm me.

I smoothly moved my left fingers to take the pilot’s attention while I sneaked my right hand behind the golem.

“Hiyah.”

I struck the crook of its knee and the golem immediately collapsed. Then I quickly took its raised arm with my left hand and twisted them behind its back. The golem struggled, but it couldn’t escape with its right arm restrained.

I stroked its back with my fingers, muttering leisurely.

“Calm down, calm down. Easy now, easy. Put down any complaints you might have for now. Getting upset doesn’t help in any way.”

｢… If you are intentionally mocking me, then I will tell you that you have succeeded.｣

“Mocking? Not at all. There must be some misunderstanding.”

But even as I spoke, I had such a large, happy smile that I could notice it myself.

Ahh. I’m so happy there’s someone I can beat in strength. If only there were a few more people like this.

“Woof! What about my food?”

Please. I wish there were just one more.





༺ Hygiene Is Life ༻

If there was one thing better in the abyss than on the surface, it was probably the quality of the air.

It was hard to understand. Everyone knew that the wind that came from the sky was cleaner than the air on the ground that contained all kinds of dirty things. So why was the air in the abyss cleaner when it was farthest from the sky?

That was due to the trait of the abyss. Because of Mother Earth’s curse, the fabrics of Gaia, earth and dust, avoided this place like the providence of nature. It was why the wasteland above didn’t sink despite the presence of such an enormous hole. The abyss was surprisingly not dirty as dust didn’t fall, and in addition to that, there was no bottom here.

To borrow a pet phrase of mathematicians, it meant that no matter how far down I am, there is always someplace beneath me. In other words, anything heavier than air sunk further down.

That’s what happened to all the air that should go stale. The rare breeze you felt in Tantalus was a portion of the wind that had lost its way and ended up in the abyss. The lost wind, carrying the things that melted in the air, like dust or smell, would flow down the numerous holes in the abyss. This was why the air inside was as fresh and clean as it could be.

When grading your quality of life, your current position is far less important as an indicator than whether there is a life below yours. The filth of the world is bound to pool in the lower realm, after all. This allows people to indirectly understand that happiness is relative.

Although that didn’t change that wind was rare and the air was heavy, at least healthy breathing was guaranteed. How could I not be thankful?

… Maybe the abyss was a pretty decent place despite Mother Earth’s curse and the lack of light.

“Woof! Woof-woof!”

Another refreshing morning accompanied by my dog alarm. I stretched my arms and filled my lungs with the fresh air through my no—

“Eeeyachoo!”

“Woo-woof!”

I sneezed explosively as an unexpected morning irritation squeezed my lungs. Azzy stared at me in surprise, hands gathered on her chest.

Ugh. They say you’ll be in bad condition for the day if you sneeze hard right after waking up. It startles your muscles.

But that aside, what made me sneeze out of nowhere?

“Did living here for a few days produce so much dust…?”

As I was wiping my nose, I faintly spotted something floating in the air. I glared at whatever it was with scrunched brows. It was hard to see due to the lack of light, but that golden, bendy, curvy, long, thin thing was…

“Fur?”

“Woof!”

Azzy barked at me as I coincidentally took notice of the fur on her head and limbs. That brownish golden fur… no, it was originally golden. The filth on it made it seem dirty.

Anyway, that fur was the same color as the things floating in the air. Covered in dust and muck.

Hmm.

“Azzy.”

“Woof?”

“Wanna go for some pork cutlets?”

“Woof! I wanna, I wanna!”

She agreed despite not even knowing what pork cutlets were. I smiled faintly at her.

Water flows down, traveling between heaven and earth, serving as the messenger of love between the Sky God and Mother Earth. Therefore, the liquid, which didn’t entirely belong to Mother Earth, dug into low places according to instinct. It didn’t care if that was the abyss.

But the abyss was an infinite pit. Even adorable airborne troops, who could swiftly reach the ground from the clouds on their bulgy parachutes, would perish in the everlasting fall of the abyss.

The water melted into the air would become more drifting air. However, the State’s special water tank captured such gaseous moisture. The water gathered in a huge collector, enchanted with the Aqus spell, would flow through a filtered tube and into the water tank. There, it would keep waiting until someone below opened the faucet.

Plenty of water was sloshing in the water tank because of the greatly reduced usage following the jailbreak. The diminished numbers brought us abundance.

I nodded in satisfaction upon confirming the amount of water available.

“Good. This should be enough to wash that mutt.”

I temporarily locked the water tank and instead, connected a hose to the pipe. I turned on the hose to test, and water slopped out as if there was a blockage. The water pressure was poor, perhaps due to the low volume. I figured it was best to collect some more before washing.

I picked up the hose and a small box, then went near the drain before calling Azzy.

“Now, Azzy…”

But when I turned my head, Azzy had scampered far away before I knew it. She hid behind a square box, barking as if the hose I held was a gun.

“Woof.”

“Azzy. Come here. You have to wash.”

“Woof.”

“What do you mean you hate it? Look at your hands and feet.”

Azzy held up her limbs as I suggested. All kinds of filth were hiding in those soft, lush furry mitts of hers. Although it looked bad, it was actually relatively okay. If we were on the surface instead of the abyss, that four-legged-fur-duster of a dog would have gone on a grubby rampage.

“There, you see? Dirty, isn’t it?”

“No, it’s clean!”

“What are you on about? That’s clean?”

“Woof! Sometimes, I lick my fur! It’s clean!”

Azzy stuck her tongue out towards her hand. She was going to lick that hotbed of disease.

Haha. Is she mad?

“Freeze!”

“Woof!”

Azzy froze, her eyes darting about. I sighed and let go of the hose to approach Azzy.

“Are you a cat? You never usually lick yourself, yet now you will because it bothers you? Cut it out. That’s dirty.”

“Woof! Not dirty, not me!”

“It is. Look at all that grime. It smells, and you’re also shedding a lot.”

“Woof! You shed a lot too!”

“Don’t compare your fur to my hair! They may share characteristics but they’re in a completely different genre!”

Fuming, I went up to Azzy, grabbed her behind the armpits, and dragged her with me. Although she twisted about in defiance, she didn’t break free and run off.

But as we neared the water hose, she straightened her feet and dug her claws into the ground. Azzy didn’t budge as if her body was nailed to the concrete. Actually, it literally was.

“Sigh, really now. It’s not like I can just drag her…”

I couldn’t do anything with my strength against a Beast King.

This moment called for the fable of the North Wind and the Sun. If I couldn’t do anything physically, I had no choice but to change her mind. I put my face over Azzy’s head.

“Azzy. Come here. Let’s wash up first.”

“Woof.”

“I’ll make you something tasty after we’re done.”

“Woof…”

Azzy fell into deep thought momentarily at the mention of something tasty. Why does it always take a treat to make her move? Not even persuading State officials back in the day took so much effort. How was a dog more difficult than a prime minister?

But what could I do? The weak one has to put up with it. This dog was stronger than most prime ministers, after all.

I whispered sweet words into Azzy’s ear.

“Remember the hamburger the other day? The food made by rendering meat, heating lard in a pan to the right temperature, then grilling a patty made of ground beans.”

“Wooof…”

“But to tell the truth, that hamburger was unfinished. Its texture was broken due to the lack of stickiness. It was basically a meat paste cooked on a pan. But this time it’s different. There were eggs and butter in the supplies. Though they didn’t send even a full carton, the misers… Anyway. This time, I can make a perfect hamburger that sticks together whole, cooked in plenty of oil.”

“Woof…”

I enticed her senses as strength faded from Azzy’s body. When I pulled her again, her claws easily left the concrete. I smiled triumphantly as I dragged her near the drain.

“That’s right. Good girl, good girl…”

Now. First, I was going to undress her. Then I would toss her in the tub and douse her with water. Once I scrubbed her down completely, I would launder her clothes while she dried herself off.

It would be nice if there was a change of clothes, but all we had left here were clothing packets. Azzy couldn’t wear them as she didn’t have a bio-receptor. Hmm. I had no choice but to simply have her wait while the clothes dried.

Plan completed.

I left Azzy for a second to turn on the hose and gather some water. The trickling water dripped into the small box I had found as a substitute bathtub. Water droplets pounded the inside of the box.

“Woof.”

And the mutt zoomed off into the distance, putting my efforts to waste. She gave a small bark, as if feeling some guilt.

“Woof.”

I palmed my face, sighing deeply.

What is she, a king? I offered her a washing service yet she rejected that?

I mean, I guess she is a king. But not my king, right? She is the king of dogs at most.

It was infuriating. I did humor her like I was raising a cute puppy until now, but there was no reason to bear her antics anymore if she was going to be this willful.

“Woof…?”

Azzy barked cautiously at me, a furtive look in her eyes as if she had realized my anger. That didn’t make me feel any matter, though. In fact, it was utterly outrageous that she didn’t come straight over despite knowing my mood.

I sat straight down in a fit of rage.

“Oi. Azzy.”

Azzy flinched hearing her name called. I crossed my legs, adopting a closed body language as I infused emotion into my voice.

“Are you really going to be like this? After seeing me sneeze earlier?”

Bang-bang. I slammed the ground with the dipper I had prepared. Azzy recoiled, making a guilty face.

My shaking voice, contorted expression, and rough breathing were all clear signs of anger.

Dogs are old friends of humans and can read human emotions to some extent. Actually, they might even read emotions better than people. Humans learn to hide their feelings from others under the excuse of courtesy, but dogs don’t mind our manners. And that’s why we love dogs.

Anyways, I was angry and had no thought of hiding it. As I intended, Azzy clearly noticed my mood.

“I cook for you, play ball for you, and also take you on walks! I call you at every mealtime and pet your dirty fur every day! I do so much for you! Yet you don’t even try to wash!”

Azzy whimpered in fright, tucking her tail. But that wasn’t enough. I only planned on clearing the air once she came to me herself.

If she didn’t? Then that was it. The strong relationship between me and that mutt would be over. I was going to abandon her in my heart.

“It wouldn’t matter if you only lived in the yard. But you enter the building! And even crawl up on my bed sometimes! That makes my home all dirty! Do you think I wash daily for nothing? I need hygiene unlike you!”

Azzy whimpered again.

“If you can’t stand this much, then you’re not the Azzy I know. My kicks will be the first thing you greet from now on. You hear?”

She whined in response. It looked like I didn’t bond with her in vain until now. Honestly, I would’ve been deeply disillusioned with the beast if she kept her attitude up.

At any rate, it looked like Azzy didn’t want to cut ties with me. She furtively padded over to where I was.

Sigh, well. At least she came.

I put Azzy on my lap, wrapped my left arm around her, then turned on the hose with my right hand, filling the makeshift tub with water.

The sounds of the tub filling and water drops splashing was a cool, cleansing symphony, but to Azzy, it seemed to sound like the requiem of an evil spirit. As if feeling chills, she shut her eyes tightly and pressed her lips together, looking away from the sounds.

Still, she didn’t break free of me and run away. The good dog-girl was holding herself back. Seeing that good attitude, I turned off the hose and petted her hair.

“Yes, well done.”

“Woof…”

Her voice was powerless. I was reluctant, but there was no choice. Azzy and I would be living together for several months more. We couldn’t exchange dirt and germs every time we touched and cultivate a disease, could we?

Seriously, if this wasn’t the abyss, I would already be more than sick.

“Now, let’s undress first. Hands up.”

Azzy half-raised her arms, her eyes still closed. I tried to take her top off, but something caught on the way.

I took another look at her clothes. Someone had tied her shirt firmly beneath her chest. The knot was so tight that it was hard to undo. It looked like it was to stop her top from slipping off or from someone trying to take it off.

“Really? The things people get up to…”

Clothing packets provided clothing that perfectly fit the wearer’s size, and that included standard shirts worn underneath everything else. The collar and cuffs were so tight that they couldn’t be worn or taken off as you would with non-packet clothing. There were no loose ends like with what Azzy was wearing either.

But since Azzy didn’t have a bio-receptor, she couldn’t use clothing packets. That explained why she wore a shirt that was a few dimensions larger. It could easily come off or be taken off because of the size, and to stop that from happening, it was necessary to tie the loose part…

“Like anyone would try to strip a dog…”

… Though I said that, I grew strangely conscious of what I was doing. Putting aside Azzy’s true nature, her form was strictly that of a woman, and that was oddly concerning.

Were humans creatures that were ultimately constrained by outer appearances?

Well, no matter. The thought was pointless. I was a normal human being. It was time to finish undressing Azzy.

The tightly tied hem of her shirt interfered with my work, but who was I? The magician of the back alleys, that’s who. I was a master of dexterity, capable of tying both hands and undoing them alone. I could even release a knot with a single finger. This much was nothing.

If I put my finger in that gap and ease it around, it should loosen. Alright. I should quickly undo it and toss her in the tub…

But at that moment, the Regressor appeared at the rooftop door. Her hair and part of her clothes were wet with sweat. It looked like she had just been training.

“The water isn’t coming out here. Did you lock the water tank? Without even telling—”

The Regressor was about to pull away a thread of hair sticking to her forehead when she spotted me and froze. Instantly, her eyes darkened as she swept a sharp gaze over me and Azzy.

｢He has Azzy on his lap, and he’s trying to undress her while holding her from behind. Azzy is shaking with her eyes shut.｣

The Regressor didn’t think much at all. In a pure sense, I mean. She ended her thought right at that point and drew Chun-aeng.

｢Good. I’ll kill him.｣

Hang on. Isn’t there a leap in your logic? Rather, how can you put “good” and “I’ll kill him” together? Killing isn’t good at all, you know?

The Regressor swelled with hostility while I hastily hid behind Azzy and cried out to her.

“Wait a moment! This isn’t what you’re thinking, Trainee Shei!”

“Skyblade Art, Thunderbird…”

“I said stooop!”





༺ Wash Your Hands and Feet Clean When You Come Home ༻

Most fortunately for me, the Regressor had a habit of listening for a minute before executing someone. It was normally so she could extract information before committing murder, but anyhow. It was a relief she at least gave time for one final plea.

I guess she was better than the State.

Even after listening to the full story, the Regressor still had an icy face as she menacingly spun Chun-aeng in circles, glancing back and forth between me and Azzy.

“So you’re saying, Azzy was dirty, so you tried to wash her. Is that right?”

“Isn’t that natural? Just look. I’ve set up a box for a bathtub, a hose, and also prepared soap next to a water tank. What else would this be if not a bath?”

“I wonder.”

Her suspicion must have cleared a little as the Regressor crossed her arms and had Chun-aeng float above her head again. There was still a hint of doubt in her expression, though.

“You could have been up to something funny using that as an excuse.”

“What? Oh, come on, for crying out loud.”

Everything else aside, I couldn’t stand for that sort of suspicion. I let go of Azzy and got up angrily. Azzy, who had been shutting her eyes, perked her ears and started peeking as soon as my hands left her.

“Fool! Even for a narrow-minded, silly, incoherent misunderstanding, there is a limit! I am a human, a lord of all creation! I may be stuck underground right now, but how could I be attracted to a mere beast? Preposterous! Go to school and study some more on the difference between primates and dogs!”

“Woof? No washing for me?”

“No. you’re definitely going to wash today. Just you wait. I swear to wash you even if the sky falls into the abyss.”

Azzy whimpered, ears and tail drooping. I turned away from her to continue arguing with the Regressor.

“Then what? If you can’t leave Azzy to me, will you wash her, Trainee Shei?”

The Regressor became uncomfortable in response.

“… If it’s necessary. I’ll do it instead.”

“Why are you allowed to but not me?”

“You’re a man, and Azzy’s a woman. Even if you have no intention of undressing Azzy and… Ahem, and you have no funny thoughts, it’s a no! It’s impure!”

I wondered what the hell was in that head of hers to be imagining such things. When did I have any funny thoughts? Never did I…

Uh. Mm. I might have been struck by the idea very, very briefly. Humans tend to sometimes be driven by impulse and primal desires, after all. Rumors told that shepherds in remote, uninhabited places would at times commit indescribably insane acts.

But the ability to overcome instinct with reason is what makes a human. A passing urge doesn’t define me.

I swept back my hair and exhaled deeply.

“Trainee Shei. Are you perhaps sexually conscious of Azzy?”

“What? What are you saying?”

“Are you not conscious of her? You don’t get any thoughts even if Azzy is right next to you? You don’t care if she’s half-naked?”

“Of course.”

“So you can finish the job of washing Azzy without any distractions?”

“Naturally.”

“If that’s the case for you, why do you think I can’t do the same?”

“Well…”

｢That’s because you’re a man and I’m… Oh. Right. I’m cross-dressing right now!｣

Eh? Oh yeah. You are cross-dressing as a man. I was forgetting that too. But what’s with you forgetting? What the heck did you disguise yourself for then… Ugh, whatever.

Since her head was full of salacious thoughts, she must have done it in fear of having “funny” stuff done to her in prison. Tsk-tsk, so overly-conscious of herself.

Uh, hang on. Cross-dressing. I couldn’t think of it earlier, but… I might be able to use this.

I cleared my thoughts and called out to the Regressor who had fallen into self-contradiction.

“Do you realize you’re being very suspicious? Just seconds ago you condemned me, a sincere and innocent man, just for being a man. Yet you offer to wash with Azzy despite being a man yourself? Now this is impure intentions.”

“You’re wrong! I never said I’d wash with her!”

“What then? You said it’s impure for me to wash Azzy because I’m a man, and that you have no distracting thoughts. Does that make sense? Wow. Talk about double standards. It’s race-transcending romance for you, but bestiality for others? I’m getting scared at this point.”

“Bestiality?! Azzy is a girl!”

The Regressor went red in the face and made a hasty excuse, but that was a bad move. I feigned great shock and clutched my forehead, my mouth gaping.

“Heavens! So your love is real because you have the confidence to love Azzy as a woman but my dispassionate touching is merely molestation? Huh? Isn’t something strange? Isn’t being physically passionate obviously more unwholesome?”

“I never said such a thing!”

“What’s the difference?! You and I are in exactly the same situation! Yet you stop me for acting impure, but you’re allowed? Don’t you feel something off about the logic yourself?”

“Arrgh…!”

Phew. It was rewarding to have read that liberal arts book called “Let’s Play, Logic” in secondary school.

The Regressor, vanquished by my perfect logic, started gritting her teeth.

｢Grr…! How can he sound so hateful with every single word he says…!｣

Why? Because your logic is unintelligible compared to mine. People are bound to feel envious and jealous of the undeniably strong. Go on, drown in my stormy intellect.

“Haha! So what are you going to do? You’re caught in your own trap! Whichever way you choose, you will be eaten by your own rationale and disappear! Khahahaha, keep running your mouth if you can!”

“Then!”

Cornered for options, the Regressor thought of someone and yelled out as if pulling out a trump card.

“Then you can just leave it to someone unquestionably female!”

“Huh?”

I couldn’t help going speechless upon reading her mind.

***

“… So. You are telling me to wash the Dog King?”

The vampire furrowed her pretty brows slightly after receiving an explanation of the situation from the Regressor. The latter’s voice grew smaller and smaller even though she was the one who summoned the vampire.

“Uh, mm. But, there’s no one else to ask…”

｢Still, maybe it was too unreasonable to ask Tyrkanzyaka to do a chore like this…?｣

The Regressor called the vampire because she didn’t want to lose to me, but we were talking about the Queen of Shadow who had lived for 1200 years and once ruled half of the world. Trying to work her like some lady-in-waiting? Was this acting spoiled or arrogant?

As for the vampire, she didn’t hide her disinclination.

“Is that all there is to why you called me up to the roof?”

“Agh…”

Heheheh. Serves you right, Regressor. Is the world not working out as you expected? Shall I add another punch?

Finishing Move: Inciting Sister-in-law!

I stuck myself next to the vampire, whispering to her like a sycophant.

“Goodness, that’s what he said. That young whippersnapper actually dares to try and make an elder work for him. To wash a dirty dog at that! Gracious me, the outrage makes you speechless, doesn’t it? Considering Trainee Tyrkanzyaka’s generation, it wouldn’t be enough to humbly sit by your side during meals and hold the spoon for you. No! It wouldn’t be enough to chew the food and feed you, yet he gives you a job? Why the cheeky little! You should give him a smack. Gargh!”

Why me?!

A fist of blood appeared in the air and lightly smacked my head. As I fell to the ground, the vampire shot a glare at me.

“Such unrestrained speech. Arrogant though he may be, he is still my disciple. It is not a matter for an insignificant rascal like you to get involved in.”

“Guuugh…”

“Stop making a fuss. I hit you gently.”

Gently? Was she confusing the word gentle with flay? I took the hit because I didn’t feel much hostility, but it hurt too much!

Then again, she only showed curiosity after taking a bullet. How could she understand the suffering of a normal human? Vampires were oblivious to human pain.

I decided to never again trust their thoughts of hitting “gently”.

The vampire’s gaze now turned to the Regressor, who looked completely disheartened.

｢Tsk. I see. You are acting spoiled. What is the point of arguing any further?｣

The vampire eased up a little and quietly began to reason with the Regressor.

“And Shei, setting aside your presumptuous behavior, I cannot accept your request.”

“Ah, about that. I’m sorry. I was too…”

“No. It is a matter of ability. I am not capable of washing the Dog King.”

The vampire got down from her coffin and slowly approached Azzy, daintily as ever without holding a hint of hostility. She merely walked with her head high.

“Because the Dog King will not entrust herself to me.”

And Azzy reacted. With me and the Regressor, she didn’t show any aversion even if she felt uncomfortable. She had kept still and only watched when I locked her in my arms and turned on the hose water and when the Regressor stopped me.

But Azzy twitched with discomfort at the vampire’s approach. She had stayed by my and the Regressor’s side even at the threat of putting water on her. In contrast, the closer the vampire came, the more she bared her fangs and her cheeks twitched.

The vampire nodded as if that reaction was natural and began to explain.

“I am not one of the living, which is why the Dog King cannot feel any goodwill towards me. As a friend of mankind who is willingly tamed, the King of Beasts will always favor you two, even when she is ill of humor.”

Grrr. Azzy let out a low growl, signaling her discomfort and warning the vampire not to come closer. It was a wild expression different in nature from her previous fretful antics towards me.

“But that favor will not extend to me, a corpse.”

The vampire briefly held eye contact with Azzy before whirling around. Azzy’s growling died down then. The vampire walked back with an air of cold solitude, her steps ever so light and delicate.

“Once upon a time, the kings of beasts influenced by humans were the greatest enemies of vampires. Even elders, who were capable of maintaining their form under the sun, could not hide their identity before a King. And among them, the king of dogs who was favorable only to man was our arch-nemesis… While the kings did not attack humans, they would unhesitatingly spew animosity toward vampires.”

When the vampire walked away, Azzy lost interest and sat down again. The vampire turned around once she was slightly far away. Her voice became resigned and somewhat forlorn.

“The King of this generation is no different. Now that you know, you must understand why my help is useless.”

“Uh…”

She was detached from time. The impassivity within her resignation only made it sadder.

The Regressor hesitated, not knowing what to do.

｢It’s my fault. Because I needlessly fell for that man’s taunt and brought Tyrkanzyaka… I still have so many things I need her help on, yet I hurt her feelings.｣

She blames me? Unbelievable… Taunt? It’s her fault for getting provoked. Who told her to have such a short fuse?

The Regressor glanced at me with resentment before going over to the vampire.

“Um, Tyrkanzyaka.”

“Yes, is there anything more you have to ask of your master?”

Although the vampire replied nonchalantly, that made her seem much more aloof. The Regressor held her tongue, unable to find the right words. In the end, there was only one thing she could say at a time like this, the one thing one resorted to when they ran out of options: an apology.

“Tyrkanzyaka. I’m sorry…”

“Dear me.”

But that was the wrong answer. An apology was like a band-aid of the heart, an act that erected a wall between you and the feelings of the person you hurt.

Tsk. How could she blow herself up just because I teased her a little? That just took the fun out of it. She might have learned everything else over her 13 regressions, but it looked like she didn’t manage to acquire communication skills.

Shall I lend a hand?





༺ Dogs Are No Exception ༻

“Trainee Tyrkanzyaka!”

I called the vampire to stop her as she was about to head back. She shifted her parasol slightly, turning only her head to look at me.

“What is it?”

“It was merely the barkings of a dog. Don’t feel too hurt. I’ll help you.”

“Hurt? Well now. Putting that aside, what are you suggesting you can help with?”

It was better to simply keep a lid on the memories than to show half-hearted care. Tsk. This looked like a tough case to solve for the Regressor.

I immediately reached out to take the vampire’s hand. It was so small and slender I could probably hide it in my palm. I gently wrapped my hand around hers as she flinched.

“What are you doing?”

Holding your hand, obviously.

But I doubted that was the answer she wanted. She meant to rebuke me for rudely taking the hand of a lady. Though in this case, it was more of a madam.

Anyhow. Instead of giving an excuse here…

“Your hand is cool.”

“Cool?”

“Yes. At just the right pleasant temperature, like stumbling upon the shade of a tree in summer. I bet it’d feel good to hold even for a long time.”

This could come off as rather cheesy. Regardless, I pulled the vampire’s hand while she was briefly speechless. She was capable of shaking me off, but her confusion was too great for that.

Meanwhile, my hand became a marker for her lost heart. She was pulled over helplessly. After that, I stretched out my other hand to Azzy. The dog-girl stopped warily eyeing the reapproaching vampire and turned to me.

“Oi, Azzy.”

“Grr… Woof.”

“Little tyke1a small child, especially a cheeky or mischievous one.. Calm down. What are you, salt? It’s not like touching some water will kill you. Why are you so upset?”

“Woof?”

“Ease up! Hand!”

“Woof!”

Azzy immediately put up a paw. I tickled her chin with a chuckle while slowly pulling the vampire’s hand, an inch at a time. Azzy’s paw and the vampire’s hand came closer and closer.

｢He is not trying to have me and the Dog King touch, is he? What a childish thought.｣

The vampire froze upon realizing my intention. Her hand didn’t move. She was afraid of touching, but not for worry of being attacked.

Azzy was the king of dogs who only accepted humans, which was why the vampire had never been welcomed by any dog to this day. When she used to walk through villages, the animals would either bark wildly or flee yelping, after all. Her encounters with dogs always ended in one-sided rejection.

“It’s fine. Our dog doesn’t bite.”

I led her gently. The vampire hesitated a moment before letting her tension go as if to let me do as I liked. As for Azzy, well, she didn’t reject me. I pulled the paw and hand, drawing them closer, and laid them on top of one another.

Naturally, nothing dramatic happened just because they touched. The vampire didn’t shed tears of emotion, and Azzy didn’t bare her teeth. Setting aside the fact that vampires couldn’t cry and Azzy couldn’t bear hostility toward humans… What just happened was simply that trivial.

I pointed that out to the vampire.

“It’s an everyday occurrence for dogs to bark or avoid someone’s touch. Normally, a suspicious dog tends to bark first at a stranger, you know? So from now on, don’t give it too much meaning just because a dog gets a bit scared, talking about the Dog King being my enemy and I’m not human and whatnot.”

Then I turned to glare at Azzy, who was staring at me with wide eyes.

“You too, Azzy. You shouldn’t go barking at anyone. Bad girl! Do you know who this person is?!”

“Woof?”

“You try and live long. Age is like dust and sticks all over you, okay? And sadly, it’s unavoidable. So how would she feel if you go barking just because her age shows in her beha— Ack! Why are you hitting me again!”

“It is the price of arrogance, you rude lout.”

The vampire snorted.

“You are many times cheekier than the Dog King and Shei. To begin with, you were wrong to assume I would be troubled over such a petty matter.”

“If you aren’t troubled then don’t hit me!”

“You do not choose your words, so why should I care for my behavior?”

This time, the vampire reached out and flicked my forehead with one of her little fingers. I felt a tap, but it didn’t hurt in the least. Just slightly cold, actually. The vampire withdrew her hand with a cheerful smile.

“And whatever you do, I have no intention of serving the Dog King. I am sure she will fly into a frenzy if she is with me alone. I refuse to enter a scuffle with her fiercely opposing me.”

“It’s not like I hoped for labor from you either, Trainee Tyrkanzyaka. Don’t you know me? Other things aside, I take manners to a whole new level as you’ve seen.”

“…?”

｢Aha. It seems the manners I know have all but disappeared these days. I thought these youngsters were especially rude, but I suppose it is understandable if the times have changed.｣

Now what sort of ridiculous misunderstanding was that? Me, rude? How odd. Was there anyone else in the world who abided by the seniority system as much as I did?

“Anyway. To sum up everyone’s position, it goes as follows, yes? To start off, I need to wash Azzy. Trainee Shei doesn’t approve of dirty men, except for himself, washing her. Trainee Tyrkanzyaka says, sort out the issue yourselves. Is that right?”

“Woof! Me! I don’t! Want to wash!”

“You shut up!”

“Arf.”

“Everybody listen carefully. This is the secret to solving the entire situation in an instant.”

I began speaking my thoughts with grim resolve.

“Now, first. I will wash Azzy… partially.”

“Partially?”

I carried on explaining to answer the question in their minds.

“I wanted to wash her entirely, but it can’t be helped with Trainee Shei opposing. Instead, I’ll do a hard scrubbing of Azzy’s hands, feet, and hair… every part with fur. So hard as to leave no more room for shedding or dirt.”

My biggest, immediate goal was to get rid of Azzy’s fur and grime. So long as that was guaranteed, I could give up the rest.

“Next, Trainee Shei can touch up Azzy as he wants and wash the rest of her. I shall turn a blind eye to some degree of relieving personal desires. Go about it as you will. Unlike you, my goal is purely hygiene and cleanliness. So as long as you use enough water and soap, I won’t care much about whatever you do with Azzy. Though I do find you rather detestable for it.”

“Don’t slander me! I have no thoughts of doing anything to Azzy either!”

I ignored the Regressor’s protest and continued.

“And I ask that Trainee Tyrkanzyaka supervise Trainee Shei and me from a neutral perspective. Putting me aside, you don’t know what Trainee Shei will do with his head full of degenerate ideas.”

“I told you I won’t do anything!”

“Well it can’t be helped. Because apparently, according to your words, a man gets lusty the moment he lays a hand on a woman’s body, regardless of will or personality. I want to be nice so I’ll give up and pass the opportunity to you instead.”

“Will you stop defaming me?! I…!”

Enraged by the continued teasing, the Regressor shot up and burst out in a scream.

“I like men!”

Well sure, you’re a woman.

But unlike me, the vampire was astonished.

“W-what? A man, men?”

The vampire’s eyes snapped wide open at the shocking sight of a man she somewhat regarded as a disciple coming out. She was so surprised that she instinctively clutched her head despite having no high blood pressure.

After swaying for a moment, she waved her hand in understanding.

“It, it is fine. The world is wide, and times have changed. It can happen I am sure.”

“N-no, wait. Tyrkanzyaka. This is.”

“I understand, I do. However… Could you stay away for a while?”

Shunned by the vampire in the end, the Regressor looked dumb for a moment before glaring at me, huffing and puffing. She blew herself up, so I didn’t know she was eyeing me like I was her nemesis.

In any case, no one rejected my suggestion.

“Woof! Woof-woof! Me! I don’t wanna wash!”

Yes, no one at all. 3:0. The suggestion passed unanimously. Azzy kept barking something, but dogs had no voting rights. If she didn’t like it, then she could go change the law and get an ID card. Of course, if she brought a dog tag for ID, that would call for immediate roasting.

Having gained public support, I commenced washing Azzy at once.

“Arf, arf…”

Azzy stretched her arms out with all her might, turning her head like she didn’t even want to see it happen. It looked like she wanted to get rid of her soap-bubbly paws if it were possible.

Regardless, I uncompromisingly doused her paws with water and scrubbed them with laundry detergent. Every time I did that, Azzy shut her eyes and whimpered like she was experiencing a nightmare.

“Whew, look at the filth coming off. It’s chilling to think you went around with these paws until now.”

Murky water mixed with golden fur flowed into the drain and disappeared. I could only be grateful for Mother Earth accepting even dirty water like this.

Azzy was a dog. While she wore the shell of a human, her body had the characteristics of a dog. She didn’t shed a drop of sweat from her whole body overall, but due to the sweat glands on the soles of her paws and feet, they grew wet in no time when she started running hard. The sweat, fur, and dirt blending was what resulted in an indescribable mess.

I practically raked out Azzy’s squishy paws. When she wriggled her paws from the tickling sensation, I forced them straight and kept at it. It was closer to laundering or cleansing rather than washing. The labor made me sweat like a horse, but I could never give this up if only for the hygiene in Tantalus.

I imagined I looked sacred indeed, wordlessly wiping away all kinds of grime. Surely the Regressor would reflect on herself for accusing me of being impure. See how utterly non-sexual my touches are and how I indifferently work purely for cleanliness…

“… How obscene.”

“Pardon?”

Hold up. What did I just hear?

I raised my head and found the vampire covering her eyes with one hand as if she couldn’t bear to watch.

“Groping a moaning lass in such a lewd manner. It is shameful. What is it if not obscene?”

It had slipped my mind that the vampire was a geezer with the ethics of 12 centuries ago. To her, a man and a woman simply holding hands equaled obscenity!

“Uh, putting aside why holding hands is obscene, she’s a dog, you know?”

“That is why I am trying to simply watch instead of punishing you. However, what is obscene is still obscene… Such indecency. It seems Shei did not worry for nothing.”

“Madness.”

At this rate, she would be saying interlocking fingers was the same as embracing. I ignored her and focused on laundering Azzy.

But as I washed her, every time my soapy fingers dug into her thick fur or between the gaps of her paws…

“Harrumph.”

“Hmm.”

“Tsk.”

I had to listen to all kinds of disapproving noises.

It was miserable. I just wanted to live clean, yet I had to be called obscene for washing a dog’s limbs. I wouldn’t be so aggrieved if I had really done something vulgar. It would probably be less sad to be harassed by a mother-in-law for being bad at house chores.

“No wonder they say normality among abnormality is abnormal…”

I lamented my situation while washing Azzy’s paws. Yet for some reason, the Regressor and the vampire nodded as if empathizing with what I said. They were driving me insane.

* * *

｢That man. He’s skilled at handling Azzy and Tyrkanzyaka.｣

The Dog King’s paws were lathered with soap, and now she was having her hair rinsed. Even with her head tilted back and a towel on her forehead, she was pressing her eyes and lips shut, afraid of water splashing.

As for the vampire, she was fiddling with her hair and muttering, “How indecent,” and whatnot.

The Regressor watched them quietly, falling into thought.

｢Azzy and Tyrkanzyaka fundamentally don’t hate humans. They can’t exist without humans, after all. But.｣

In her previous life cycle, the vampire led the Forces of Blood and marched toward Sanctum. There she was fated for defeat… The Regressor was a step ahead in dispersing the rally of the vampires and making them her allies, but she failed to resolve their old grudges.

Azzy became a monster who tore apart humans with her claws and fangs. The Regressor wasn’t able to confirm her last moment, but she had most likely died somewhere on the battlefield. At the time, the Regressor had cut down countless animals, beastkin, and the mastermind behind the conflict.

It was, by common sense, an inconceivable change compared to how Azzy and the vampire were like now.

｢What in the world happened to them in my previous regression? No.｣

The Regressor’s eyes shifted to the man washing Azzy. His speech was too light to be a warden and it was hard to consider him powerful, yet the man was unfathomable. He was an outsider who appeared in Tantalus out of nowhere, and when the prison collapsed, he was the only one who was gone.

｢That man. What the heck did he do to these two?｣

The Regressor couldn’t be certain because she didn’t know the future. She had come chasing the past, but history changed the moment she entered this place.

｢My original intention was to remove all unexpected factors, but he was stronger than expected. I changed the plan to keep a steady eye on the things he did, but… because of my intervention, it’s too late to tell whether this was how things were meant to be. The deviation is too big. Now all I can do is weave in the clues from before the regression.｣

The Regressor’s eyes descended from the rooftop with the water tank, the highest place in Tantalus. Her thoughts reached the being who was still keeping quiet on the floors below.

｢The witness who watched everything within Tantalus… the undying. When will he open his eyes? I might be able to figure out something if I can match the truth he knows with the time he wakes.｣

The lather on Azzy’s body disappeared with a few dousings of water. Her glossy tawny fur shone even in the dim light. After the man wiped her down somewhat, she shook herself off. The remaining water in her fur flew everywhere, soaking the man. He got angry.

It was an idyllic scene. The vampire was stable in mind, and Azzy was healthy. If the days continued like this, the former Fragments of the Apocalypse would walk out of Tantalus looking as peaceful as they were now…

It was impossible, but still, she hoped.

* * *

The Regressor withdrew from her thoughts, and so did I. My eyes fell dark.

Footnotes:

1a small child, especially a cheeky or mischievous one.





༺ How To Hide A Corpse ༻

It was night and the day lights were gone. In the pitch-black darkness, only the faint night lights illuminated the world. Only dark outlines stood out in the rayless hallways of the prison as if everything was carbon paper tinted with a pencil.

Amidst the blinding obscurity where you couldn’t see even the wall in front of your eyes if you didn’t look carefully, a man was moving with sneaking footsteps. He was carrying a large tied-up bundle of sorts, through the gaps of which poked out bizarrely twisted arms and legs. They were sticking out at angles impossible for normal human structure, angles that only made sense if those limbs were attached apart from the skeleton of a vertebrate… or if the limbs were outright separated.

The sight of the man moving the dismembered body parts was obviously that of someone trying to hide a corpse. Someone had to stop and interrogate him right away, but the veil of darkness concealed not only his figure but also his crime. And what couldn’t be seen wasn’t a sin.

Thanks to the cover of night, he was disturbed by no one as he—

“Woof? What’s up?”

“Shh, Azzy. Will you go away? It’s a surprise gift.”

“Woof? Gift? Mine?”

“As if.”

Disturbed by no “person”, he hid the dismembered body in a secret pl—

“Woof!”

“Don’t try to dig it up! Bad girl! It’s not food! That’s icky!”

He hid it. In any case, he did.

* * *

Another peaceful day today. I stood in front of a chalkboard with the trainees gathered. As I was about to pick up a chalk stick, I saw the chalk box was empty and so called the Regressor.

“We’ve run out of chalk sticks. Trainee Shei. Could you take out some chalk sticks from the cabinet in the back?”

“Do you have to make me do that?”

“But you’re close. Please do me a favor.”

“Cheh. Well, fine. If it’s a favor.”

The Regressor approached the cabinet delinquently, and I slowly counted her footsteps.

Now, one. Two. Three. Tada. As per my design, the Regressor jerked open the cabinet door, and the next second, a set of bizarrely bent limbs and a body with twitching scarlet muscles popped out. A head with its tongue sticking out like a dead creature made direct eye contact with the Regressor and slowly began to fall toward her. Along with its dismembered limbs.

The freakish corpse had appeared without rhyme or reason. Anyone with ordinary nerves would’ve gone aghast at the sight, but the Regressor faced it unflinchingly.

“Heavenly Counter Domain.”

As if something like this didn’t even surprise her, she expressionlessly pushed away the falling corpse…

｢Aaaah—!｣

Or at least, that was how it seemed on the outside. In contrast to her calm facade, the Regressor screamed mentally in astonishment. When the corpse’s right arm fell out wriggling, she hastily shoved it back inside with a shudder.

｢What the hell…! What is this?! Why is something like that in the cabinet?!｣

In her heart, the Regressor was fussing in every way possible, but those emotions didn’t show on the outside.

The Regressor’s Qi Art, Heavenly Counter Domain, was a specific set of technical moves ingrained into her body, allowing her to reflexively respond to any situation. It activated even when she was shocked and taken by surprise. Despite being startled to the point of her heart racing, her vast training experience enabled her to maintain an imperturbable state of mind—or body, should it be said.

The Regressor glanced at me, speaking in a plain tone.

“There’s a corpse inside? Hey. Is there something you know?”

｢… Since when was the c-corpse here? Was it there from the very start? That’s… a little creepy.｣

Eh, she got a hold of herself in no time. Tsk. And I thought she’d be a bit more surprised. There goes my efforts in preparing the ultimate surprise gift.

I swallowed my regrets and answered in a composed and innocent manner.

“Huh. Since when has that been there?”

Azzy perked up her ears and got up hearing that.

“Woof! Me, I know! Yesterday—”

“Fool! How dare a brute butt in when a lordly human is talking!”

After silencing the witness’ mouth, I continued with a nonchalant gesture.

“Someone must have hidden this corpse in the cabinet. This calls for an investigation. Trainee Shei. Could you take it out for a minute?”

“This?”

“But you’re close. Please. You’re not even scared of dead bodies, right?”

“Fair enough.”

The Regressor composedly carried the body. As far as appearances went, she looked utterly unsurprised. And on the inside, well, she was barely unsettled too. The mind followed the body, people say. She would’ve put up an ugly show if not for that thing called Heavenly Counter Domain. Such a pity.

“Here.”

The Regressor lined up the parts of the undying’s body.

I bent down and pieced his limbs together in front of her. I put away his tongue, which I had slightly pulled out last night for dramatic effect. I had also tied up the fingers of the right hand, in case he resisted, so I put that back to normal as well.

As the pieces came together and gradually took the shape of a person, the Regressor’s eyes calmed down.

｢It wasn’t a corpse. That giant, muscular build and dark skin… It must be that undying.｣

Oh, finally.

My intention in hiding the undying in the cabinet wasn’t only to startle the Regressor. That was merely a side goal. According to the Regressor’s memory, this undying most likely survived until the end in every one of her past life cycles. Which I supposed was natural since he was an undying.

In her previous life cycle, the Regressor was searching for information. She met the undying and heard the gist of what happened in Tantalus. Then, she decided to infiltrate the prison herself to obtain more accurate information.

That was all I managed to read off her mind. Because her recollection ended prematurely, I had no way of finding out what she heard from the undying, and what happened in the previous life cycle.

It would’ve been nice to delve that far into the Regressor’s memories, but for some reason, I could only read her past through her recollections. So, I had to display the undying in front of the Regressor if only to find out why I had died. That was the way to get even the smallest clue out of her head.

The Regressor’s voice became much more serious.

“This undying. Was he always here?”

“Who knows?”

“That can’t be. With wounds like this, there must’ve been bleeding, so there’s no way Tyrkanzyaka wouldn’t know.”

The vampire directly answered her question.

“No. If that is what I think it is, then I cannot tell either.”

The vampire, who was sitting on her coffin instead of a chair as usual, gazed indifferently at the dismembered body.

“It must be an earthener from the plains of yonder.”

“An earthener?”

“As fellow immortals, we call them eartheners to draw a distinguishing line. They call us bloodfiends. We hold an unfriendly relationship, for they deem us cursed, and we cannot take their blood.”

The vampire lifted a hand and a slight gap opened in her coffin, from which crimson blood crept out toward the undying as if raring to consume it. However, the portion of blood that touched the undying’s body suddenly lost its power. The red liquid turned completely black and disintegrated like sand to the ground.

“Their flesh and blood resemble Mother Nature. They gained immortality by sacrificing their very race. Their flesh is sand and their blood is mud. Their body is so extremely impure and unclean that only they can bear it. Therefore, their blood is unaffected by my bloodcraft even if it leaves their body.”

The vampire grimaced slightly as she dusted her hand. Aside from the portion that had disintegrated, her blood returned to her side. She shook it off as if she had touched filth.

The Regressor nodded.

“… I got it. So that means no one knows when this undying was here.”

Hearing her muttering, Azzy straightened up and cried out.

“Woof, me, I know! Yesterday—!”

“Silence fool! Where do you, a double-digit-IQ-holder, get off speaking at a three-digit club?! Even a puppy three months in school knows how to sit quietly, yet a guard dog dares to yelp up?! You’re ten years behind!”

“… Grrr.”

It looked like Azzy’s favor meter dropped a bit. I’d have to brush her fur for at least an hour to barely recover it. Still, shutting her up came first right now.

The Regressor quickly lost her interest in us.

｢He’s up to some nonsense with Azzy again… Well, whatever. It’s not like that man was never strange before.｣

This was why a person’s usual behavior was important. She simply overlooked things no matter what kind of craziness I got up to. I knew my efforts in eccentricity until now were worth it.

｢More than that, the undying comes first. He seems to be in a critical state. Can he even wake up? Maybe it would be different on the surface, but in the disconnected abyss, it should be hard for him to self-recover.｣

The Regressor eyed the undying doubtfully. These immortals could easily regenerate even fatal wounds, but there was no way to heal them in the abyss.

｢Maybe if he took a boon of Mother Earth’s grace… a full serving of crops. But who knows how long that’ll take. Should I use potions? But if things end up different from the past, my information becomes meaningless.｣

No wonder the undying ate bean porridge by the pot when no normal human could swallow that stuff ever. It was to regenerate his wounds.

I was going to stop showing him to the Regressor, but… Hmm. Shall I just wake him in this situation? Right then. I’ve decided.

I gestured for the Regressor to move.

“Trainee Man-Lover-Shei, will you stop making lascivious eyes at the man’s body and return to your seat?”

The Regressor staggered on her feet, snapping out of her pondering. She barely maintained her balance and avoided falling before shouting at me.

“W-what are you saying all of a sudden!”

“This person may be unconscious, but allowing a man-lover to keep ogling as he likes is, well. A bit wrong, I think.”

“What do you mean ogling?! I have normal tastes!”

“What? Eh, You like women? Then what about you washing Azzy the other day? Was it dark desires you did away with instead of grime while cleaning?”

“You’re wrong! There’s no way!”

“Yes, no way right? Because you like men.”

“That…!”

Trapped in self-contradiction, the Regressor could only flush, unable to refute. But the next moment, the vampire tapped a desk with her parasol.

“Enough.”

Then she unfolded the parasol slightly to cover her face. She sounded rather embarrassed behind it.

“I guarantee it is true. I kept watch as you asked the other day. Shei only appeared troubled as he washed the Dog King. He did not seem conscious in any other way. It is, most likely, also true that he fancies men… Oh dear me.”

“Hold up, Tyrkanzyaka!”

“It is all right, Shei.”

The vampire showed only her mouth under the parasol—it seemed beyond her to meet Shei’s eyes—and smiled warmly, defending the Regressor.

“I have thought it over carefully and concluded that your nature is also part of you. You may have violated natural law, the harmony of Yin and Yang, but I too am a nature-defying monster. How can I blame you when the both of us are deemed unacceptable by Sanctum?”

“I’m not something like—!”

“It is all right. I understand.”

There was such tenderness in the vampire’s smile after she decided to fully accept the Regressor. So much so that the latter couldn’t make any retort despite her foul mouth. She was utterly helpless. The Regressor turned bright red in the face and shut her mouth.

｢If I reveal that I’m a woman right now instead…! No! I can’t do that. If I say that at this timing, it’ll seem like I’ve lost!｣

She sure had an odd pride, thinking it was a defeat to be driven into revealing a truth. From where I stood, reading all her thoughts, it was pretty amusing.

Well, it wasn’t like she knew I could read minds. I just had to keep on reading and making fun of her.

｢Besides, using Agartha’s Mask which I got from a treasure shrine, I always give the first impression of being a man. The only way to break the illusion is to take off my clothes… but I’d rather kill instead!｣

I’d been wondering why no one saw through that shoddy cross-dressing. Turned out it was because of another unknown piece of treasure. There sure were all kinds of curious things in the world.

Hang on. What did she say? I’d rather kill instead? Not die? Who?

I rushed to sort out the situation.

“Now, now. That topic ends here! Now why don’t we revive this undying who has suffered an unfortunate accident!”

… Alright. I should stop teasing her.

After mercifully providing a hole of escape for the Regressor, I drew everyone’s attention to the undying lying with his limbs all torn off.