Regardless, Tantalus was full of prisoners that the State couldn’t handle.

In order to continue properly maintaining the facility, the State needed to make the corresponding investment. Tantalus needed an army or someone with the combat skills of a general to keep the prisoners in check.

Of course, that was impossible. Spending that many resources on a prison warden was something nonsensically wasteful as far as the State was concerned.

Realizing that abandonment was cheaper than trying to find out some way to control it, they dropped the prison into the abyss and cut off all support. They had essentially left the prisoners to their own devices down here.

Instead of a watchtower, Tantalus had a square building that resembled a storage unit. It was a container building that was separated by a small concrete fence.

The building was in a state of disrepair, and as I climbed over the fence, I winced.

“Phew. The insides are completely a mess, huh?”

One wall had completely collapsed. Evidenced by the gigantic palm-shaped indentation in the rubble, it seemed that someone had toppled the wall down by slamming it with their palm. On the steel plates reinforcing the outer walls were many small holes, as if someone had done target practice on it. The holes had traces of having melted.

Just what were they shooting? Even fire arrows can’t do something like this.

The roof had collapsed halfway down. The reason was obvious. A gigantic metal beam, similar to the ones you’d find at construction sites, had been smashed through the roof. One of the corners of the building had also completely disappeared, leaving teeth marks in its trace, as if something had bitten it.

But there’s no creature that has a mouth that big… right?

‘Just what happened?’

As I crouched down, advancing carefully, the ground suddenly shook. Looking down, I saw that someone had cleanly cut the concrete floor as though it was cake. This was likely the work of the Regressor.

Something clearly must’ve happened, but all I could do was read minds. I couldn’t tell what happened here in the past. All I could guess was that some massive wave of violence and chaos swept through this place.

I scratched my chin as I turned back to Azzy.

“Azzy, do you remember what happened?”

“Woof! Everyone fought!”

“Uh, so who? Why did they fight? Can you tell me exactly what happened from start to finish?”

“Arf?”

“Never mind. I shouldn’t have asked you.”

Azzy probably hadn’t picked a side. Her loyalty to all humans meant that she was equally ignorant of all humans. Even if I gained her trust, she probably wouldn’t help me out if I fought against someone else.

The thought pissed me off.

What was I doing all of this for?

“Ugh. All my efforts are worthless. No matter how many times I feed you and take you out for walks… A dog is just a dog.”

“I like walks!”

“I know. But I don’t.”

“Arf?!”

Azzy widened her eyes in shock. Had the fact that someone doesn’t like walks been that much of a surprise for her?

As if she had become worried about her future walks, she hopped up and down, speaking with remarkable fluency.

“Woof! Walks are great! You see so many cool things! It’s so fun!”

“Yeah, yeah.”

“Walks are really, really good. It’s wide open everywhere! You can run all you want!”

‘So what if it is? Is she trying to convince me? Even if I have become a prisoner, do you think I’d be so easily convinced by a mere dog?’

As Azzy used some ‘high-level’ vocabulary skills to convince me about the positive aspects of walks, she looked at me expectantly, with shining eyes.

“You don’t like walks?”

“I don’t mind them.”

“Woof!”

Unfortunately for her, it was too early to rejoice. Watching her spin around in joy, I added to my previous statement.

“But I prefer laying down and taking a nap.”

“W-Woof?!”

“We’ve wasted too much time. Let’s get going.”

‘Haaa… I’ll have to figure things out on my own.’

After indulging Azzy for a while, I walked past the broken door and into the control room.

Just what did they do to rip through this door as though it was paper? It was still a metal door.

Should I head back?

The building was completely dark due to the lack of lighting. If the roof had been intact and the walls still standing, it would’ve been too dark to see. Fortunately, the newly added gaping holes in the walls allowed enough light to seep in to illuminate the outlines of objects.

As expected of a control room, I saw many things that used to be parts of different machines. The reason I said ‘used to be’ was because they were broken to the point where I could barely recognize them.

Scattered bolts and nuts. Split gears. Half of a control panel. A golem missing most of its limbs.

The machines and magic golems that had resided here were completely eliminated during the raid on the building.

“They must’ve broken everything during the jailbreak. I understand that sentiment.”

I agreed with their mindset of revenge. Muttering meaningless words, I rummaged through the mountain of scraps in front of me. I hoped to find something useful that the State hadn’t retrieved from the heap already.

The room was shrouded in darkness, and the piles of rubble were overwhelming. I wasn’t sure where to start, and I ended up sweating as I dug through the piles. The weight of the rubble made it even more challenging, and I struggled to lift it, letting out groans of exertion.

Even if there was a treasure hidden in the trash, I wasn’t really capable of finding it.

“Tsk. Nothing.”

As I was about to head back, Azzy perked up and dove into the pile.

As she dug with her bare hands, gigantic scraps of debris flew everywhere, causing me to retreat to a safe distance behind the sunken roof. After tossing aside a concrete block impaled by a steel beam and a large antenna, Azzy pointed to a small cabinet.

Realizing what it was, I forced my body back up.

“This is the valuables cabinet, right? Nice job, Azzy.”

“I did good?”

“Yeah, good girl. You’re the best doggy.”

“Woof!”

After appeasing Azzy with the compliment, I pulled the cabinet’s handle as she hopped around it in circles. However, the cabinet had a deep indentation in its side, and it refused to budge. It seemed like something inside had broken or bent the wrong way. It was definitely not because I wasn’t strong enough.

But who am I? A human with wisdom. And human wisdom shines in their tools.

“First, second, and third-class. What type of lever do we need here?”

“Woof! Walks!”

“First-class, idiot.”

“Woof?! I’m not an idiot!”

I shoved the metal beam into the bent opening of the door and pushed hard.

…It didn’t work.

Hm. But who am I? A human with wits. And when my strength isn’t enough…

“Azzy, can you help me out?”

“Woof? I’m not an idiot!”

“Yeah, yeah, alright. Just doggy punch this.”

“Doggy?”

“Yeah, just slam this part with your paw. Hard.”

“Woof? Like this?”

As soon as I saw Azzy raise her arm, I turned and ran. Her arm swept through the air.

– BOOOOM!

With a gigantic noise, the cabinet flew three meters into the air. The tight door flew off, spinning in the air until it lodged itself into the ceiling. The metal beam that had been used as a lever was now in the shape of a ‘V’.

The cabinet landed headfirst on the ground.

That doggy punch was strong.

“Aw, good girl. You’re the best dog in the world.”

“Best?”

“Yep, the best.”

“Woof! Me, best!”

Leaving Azzy behind, I looked inside the cabinet.

There were a few crystal orbs, likely made as spares, and some paperwork.

‘Is that all?’

Continuing to search, I saw a lead-colored round object in the corner of the cabinet. I had missed it initially because of the darkness.

I shoved my hand in and took it out.

Then I let out a gasp.

“Holy—This is still here?”

Now this… this was something I could use.





༺ A Fragment of the Apocalypse ༻

Hunting and gathering were some of mankind’s oldest instincts. The sensation of reward that was gained from finding something was a primal instinct that had been passed down through generations of human history.

I felt the same way. Having found something useful from my expedition, I felt as if I could sprout wings and fly. Even the fact that this was the abyss, the furthest place from the sky, could not deter my joy.

Fortunately, it wasn’t even much work. It was quite literally akin to a dog finding a bone on a morning walk.

‘Thank god this is still around. Under normal circumstances, this is subject for immediate disposal as a classified level 3 national secret.’

In a good mood, I dug my fingers through Azzy’s hair and pet her.

“You’re sooo cute! How can you be this good?”

“Woof! Woof!”

A normal person would probably be wary if someone suddenly hugged them and called them cute. However, Azzy was a dog who knew nothing of doubt or suspicion. She felt happy even at empty compliments.

Barking happily, Azzy turned back towards me and asked a question.

“Do you like walks now?”

“Just for today. I love walks.”

“Woof? Love?”

“It means you really like something.”

“Woof! Me too! I love walks!”

「Love…?」

They said that a full belly was usually a cause for generosity. I felt even more benevolent with my heavy pockets. Even this good-for-nothing dog looked rather adorable today. Smiling happily together, we walked out of the ruins.

“Yeah. Keep acting nice like this in the future too.”

“I’m always nice!”

“Don’t lie. Every time you do not like something, you would bare your teeth and growl.”

“Growl?”

Acting as if she had never done so, Azzy pretended not to know what I was talking about.

No, she might have actually deleted her memory of doing so. Dogs are shameless animals after all.

‘Hah, it’s a good thing that there is a human like me who remembers everything clearly.’

I showed my teeth at Azzy and made a growling noise. Azzy cocked her head and raised her tail, and followed my actions.

“G-Grrr?”

“Yeah. Don’t growl like that from now on. And don’t use your teeth either. Don’t try to bite me as well. Even if you have a problem, use your tongue. Got it?”

“Woof!”

“I’ll take that as a yes.”

「Don’t use teeth… Only use your tongue…? Is he…?」

As I was having a serious conversation with Azzy, I felt a rush of bloodlust directed towards me.

「Light clothing. Has he already…? No, I followed them as soon as I knew, so there mustn’t have been enough time」

The Regressor was glaring at me with murderous intent.

‘Huh? Bloodlust? Why?’

As I was in shock and unable to react, the Regressor clutched the blade behind her.

「Anyway, he attempted it, right? Yeah. I’ll kill him」

“Wait-wait-wait-wait!”

I grabbed Azzy’s shoulders and thrust her forward, placing her between me and the Regressor. Ignorant to the fact that I had just used her as a shield, Azzy just blankly stared at the Regressor. Cowering behind Azzy, I shouted out in a panic.

“I don’t know what you’re thinking, but it’s all a big misunderstanding!”

“What’s the misunderstanding?”

“Everything! Starting with your dirty mind! Everything is a misunderstanding!”

“Dirty? I’m the dirty one? Not you?”

“Yes! You’re a pervert who thinks everything is about weird stuff like that!”

Ah, she took out her blade.

I stood behind Azzy as best as I could and continued shouting.

“People who are perverts, think everyone else is a pervert just like they are! Just what kind of a person do you think I am?!”

With a cold gaze, the Regressor replied.

“An animal.”

“That’s just not true!”

The Regressor was having some really weird thoughts right now. The accusation she was throwing at me was so outrageous that I felt more confused than angry.

I mean, I’ve been framed for a lot of things in my life, but all my years, I had never been accused of bestiality. Regardless, she’s immediately going to kill me for that? She’s even worse than the Military State!

As the Regressor slowly approached me, I screamed with all my heart.

“With a dog? Don’t be so weird. What kind of sick individual would even consider having a sexual relationship with a dog?”

The Regressor delved into her memories, recalling a couple of people in her mind. They were probably people who had attempted such vile acts.

‘Fuck, I guess the end of the world will erode human sanity. You shameful subhumans of humanity.’

I put my palm to my head and retorted.

“I know. There are people in the world who have twisted desires that cannot be understood with the normal human mind. But not me! I’m a normal guy with normal tastes!”

“…You keep treating Azzy like a dog.”

The Regressor pointed at Azzy whose shoulders I was still holding on to.

“Are you doing that on purpose, or do you actually think so?”

“What?”

“Azzy isn’t a dog. She’s the Dog King. A Beast King who adopted the form of a human.”

Azzy looked towards me and the Regressor with an empty look on her face; her large shining eyes and a face full of curiosity, panting as if she had just finished a race. She was a girl with luscious blonde locks.

She resembled a healthy girl who was a little hyperactive.

At least that’s how she looks.

However—

“Trainee Shei.”

“Do you understand now? You kept treating her like a dog, but she’s actually the—”

“Are you crazy?”

As the Regressor flinched at my outburst, I shoved Azzy right in front of her. Azzy had her eyes wide open as I moved her around.

“Why don’t you say it, Trainee Shei? Is Azzy a human?!”

“What? What are you…”

“Answer me! Is Azzy a human? Is she beautiful?”

“Uhh, uhmm…”

At my relentless interrogation, the Regressor started murmuring in a defensive manner.

“Sh-She has the form of a human, doesn’t she?”

“Did I ask you that? So what if she has the form of a human? Do you get horny when you look at Azzy or something?”

“No! O-Of course not!”

“If you think that way, then why do you think I would be any different? Are you disregarding my basic morals and dignity that much?”

“W-Well…”

「Y-You’re overly close to her and also the only guy here…」

‘So you’re accusing me because I’m a guy?’

I was at a loss for words.

Before Azzy is considered a female, please remember that fundamentally, she is a dog!

Wait, you’re supposed to be pretending to be a guy as well!

It was so outrageous that I couldn’t even get mad. I usually tolerated insults, but to disregard my basic human dignity was going too far.

“Trainee Shei, listen closely.”

I found myself at a point where anger had turned into tranquility. After letting out a deep sigh, I directed my sermon at the Regressor.

“Let’s say there’s a person who tries to play fetch with another human, and another person who asks how their day has been. Who is the normal person here?”

“Th-That’s… The person who asks how they’ve been.”

“So you know. Now, between a person who tries to play fetch with a dog and another person who tries to ask a dog how its day was, who do you think is the normal person here?”

“W-Well…”

「She’s a dog, but—」

‘So you’ve admitted it yourself. Why are you getting mad when you know the answer yourself?’

I glared at the Regressor.

“Yes, exactly! It’s normal to treat a dog like a dog! You don’t ask a dog, ‘Hello, how was your breakfast?’”

“B-But—”

“Is it because Azzy has the form of a human? Oh, so that means I can assume you think of Azzy as a human, right? With your perverted eyes, you’re pretending to treat Azzy like another human, trying to get to her body?”

“N-No! I’m—”

“You’re a man as well! Just like me! Actually, you’re even more suspicious than I am! Why are you always talking to dogs like they’re people and stalking me? Are you getting jealous? Is that it?!”

“Of course not!”

“Anyone can say that. Have you seen your own actions?!”

「Ugh, if only I wasn’t cross-dressing…!」

The Regressor who was currently pretending to be a man, was not able to come up with a rebuttal. I took a step forward, confident of my victory. Azzy, whose shoulders I was still holding on to, just seemed to think of the whole thing as a funny occurrence.

“Do you understand? You’re the weird one here!”

Logic always professed the truth. Even the Regressor knew it. She knew that I was right. That I was the normal one here. Faced with my attacks involving facts and logic, the Regressor had no choice but to take a step back.

“Woof?”

Of course, Azzy, who couldn’t understand sentences which were longer than two phrases, was just staring between me and the Regressor. However, even that just proved she was innately a dog.

Dogs were dogs at the end of the day. To the Regressor who had forgotten such a simple fact, I let out a finishing blow.

“You’re the weird one for thinking so much about the small talk you have with a dog! Do you understand now? I could tell Azzy a hundred, or even a thousand times that I love her! Even if I don’t actually have emotions like that towards her!”

However, at that moment, I had forgotten a very important fact.

Azzy was not only a dog, but the Dog King that the world itself had appointed as a representative of their species to communicate with humans. She didn’t really understand what I really meant, but she could still hear my words.

“Arf?! You don’t like me?!”

“Huh?”

With suspicion swarming in her bubbly eyes, Azzy stared up at me from the ground. Her usually playful tail was now lying limp, and her perky ears were drooping downwards.

“You… hate me then?”

“Oh, Azzy, that’s not what I meant. It’s hard to explain—”

“Woof?”

‘Wait. Hm. Let’s think about my next course of action. The Dog King is a dog. I can’t use any complex words. Even if I try to push this off for later, she wouldn’t accept that answer. So, whatever I say to the Regressor as a part of my argument, Azzy will consider it my actual thoughts.

‘With all that in mind, I had a few options. Do I push the Regressor even further so I can tease her at the risk of Azzy liking me less? Or do I retain a nice relationship with Azzy and let the Regressor go?’

…Well, the answer was quite obvious. I am not stupid enough to give up on the future for a moment of fun.

Making my decision, I opened my arms wide and made a huge smile at Azzy.

“Of course, it’s a lie. I like Azzy a lot.”

“A lot?”

“Yes. A lot. You’re the nicest and cutest girl around.”

I wasn’t lying. With the scary vampire and the bloodthirsty Regressor around, Azzy was infinitely more helpful. If she could read the mood better and had a little bit more self-control… it’d be optimal.

But dogs were dogs. Her behaviour was something that I would need to accept.

“You… like me?”

“I do like you.”

‘I don’t know if she’s just naive or stupid, but her mood changes so easily with a few words. Oh, it’s probably both. And yet humans loved dogs exactly for their purity and stupidity, so it was a little ironic to berate her for it.’

While I was still grinning…

“Woof! Do you love me?”

「…Love?」

Why did you have to ask me this now when someone is watching? Did someone do something to you? In the first place, who taught a dog a word as meaningless as love?

Oh, they’re both because of me.

Shit. I’m suddenly being pressured by my past actions.

Trying to ignore the cold gaze that the Regressor had suddenly regained, I slowly nodded and answered Azzy’s question.

“Yeah… I do.”

I could tell a dog that I loved it a hundred times.

I mean, some people love their dogs more than they love other human beings. However… it was something hard to do in front of the Regressor’s cold, judgmental eyes…

But it was inevitable. I gulped as I sensed the suddenly rather serious mood and opened my lips once again.

“I love you…”

Hearing that made Azzy’s tail wag. People said that words held no weight, but Azzy took even the smallest things with no prejudice. She smiled and thrust her arms towards me. Leaning onto me, she allowed me to support her weight. It was an indication of trust that dogs only showed to people they were really close to.

Pure happiness filled her face. Grinning like an idiot, Azzy’s eyes were smiling as well.

“Woof! I like you too! I love you!”

“Yeah…”

I never thought I’d end up whispering words of love to a dog in my life.

Azzy hopped into my arms. With a trembling hand, I stroked Azzy’s head.

And like always—

「I… need to keep my guard up against that man」

The Regressor’s wariness had only intensified.

Man, stop. Stop looking at me with those judgemental eyes. And stop fidgeting with the handle of your blade. I’m not that kind of person.

I just like her as a pet.

「If he is an official of the Military State and volunteered to come to Tantalus… it would certainly explain his strength. That’s why I need to stay conscious of him」

‘Oh. I mean, I can relate to those feelings. If I heard someone bragging about how they had intercourse with an animal, I’d be disgusted too. And although I don’t have the power to do so, I wouldn’t immediately try to kill them even if it were true. Don’t you think executing someone for loving an animal was a bit too harsh?’

「…An organization in the Special Forces of the Military State. The secret society that tried to control the Beast Kings and bring them under the Military State’s will in order to topple nearby countries」

‘Wait, what? A secret society?’

「The Human Regime. Experts in training beasts, and racists who despised beastmen more than anything else. He’s likely one of them」

A series of images flashed through the Regressor’s head.

In a past that had not been recorded, the Regressor stood in a vast plain. Her blade was lighter than a feather as she held it in her hands, yet her heart felt as heavy as stone.

The guilt that she wasn’t able to stop the apocalypse weighed heavily on her. The feeling of helplessness that she wasn’t able to change anything. She had failed in this life as well. Everyone around her would perish yet again. And she alone would open her eyes once again…so that she could go forth to find another future.

Next to the Regressor, dozens of people had been lined up, cowering in fear. Cold sweat dripped from their hands, and their eyes rattled from fear, but they couldn’t even dream of escaping what awaited them.

If their adversary was human, they could beg for mercy, plead for their families’ safety even if they themselves perished…

However, what they were facing now was not bound by human rules. They had the form of a human, but they were not humans in essence.

The horizon quaked. A rampage of frenzy, led by a couple of stray leaders, were the harbingers to thousands of beasts—enough to be described as a layer that coated the earth.

They had some differences. Some were two-legged, while others had four. Some of them were closer to humans, but had ears or tails of different animals. Beastmen. They were the offspring of a sin committed long ago by humanity. The offsprings of beasts—born as humans yet treated as outcasts—used everything they received to try and annihilate humanity.

In front of them, human figures that produced an extraordinary aura led the charge.

The Beast Kings.

The leaders who each represented an entire race.

The Beast Kings were mighty, but they did not seek violence. They were ultimately those who reflected the will of their whole race; diplomats who were meant to convey the will of their people to humans.

However, if the species they represented had decided to rebel against humanity, if the will of the species was clear enough…

Then the Kings would enact the will of their people.

Those who could no longer bear the persecution and hatred, driven by their fierce instincts, stood at the front lines.

Blood, fire, cinder.

The Beasts armed themselves with steel and fire to attack humanity… The combination of their wild instincts and weapons was almost like a calamity.

Furthermore, those who made up the majority of the beastmen that had revolted against humanity were—

The Beast King who had gathered the largest army to slaughter humanity was—

The creaking past then faded away, and I was brought back to reality. What I had just seen was so vivid that I could still see traces of it in my mind’s eye.

The event that I had witnessed was the future, and at the same time, it was the past as well. The same past that the Regressor had experienced, and the same one I would go through if nothing were to change.

I rested my trembling hand on Azzy’s head as she leaned into me. Her ears fluttered like the wings of a butterfly as they raised slightly at my touch.

The Dog King who had her mouth shut as she embraced me—the leader of the trusty, lovely dogs—was smiling while covered in blood in a future that would arrive soon.

「The existence of Beast Kings is preordained by the world. Even if I killed her here, another one would be born elsewhere」

Why did I overlook the Regressor’s worries?

There is no way the concerns of someone who had experienced so much would be overboard.

「As long as Azzy seems emotionally dependent on that man, I can’t remove him. And it’s also hard to verify if he’s part of the Human Regime. But right now, he’s the most likely candidate to cause some rampage. I’ll need to keep my eye on him」

Makes sense.

Azzy’s body was warm to the touch and soft. Her hands which had slightly bent backwards to prevent her claws from hurting me provided insight into her desire to not hurt anyone. She definitely didn’t do that consciously, so that desire to be nice was likely just deeply ingrained into her very instincts.

Just what caused that thoughtful hand to lead the way towards bloodshed?

It seems the future was much harsher than I had initially expected.





༺ Necessity Is the Mother of Invention ༻

Despite the Regressor’s cold gaze, I managed to convince her using all sorts of words. She was still wary of me, but it seemed like she had decided to wait for now seeing as how she loosened her grip around her sword.

After heaving a sigh of relief, I suddenly became curious about something.

“By the way Trainee Shei…”

“What?”

“What are you here for? Did you follow us?”

“I didn’t follow you! I just… happened to come here looking for you.”

The Regressor tilted her head to the side with her arms crossed while Chun-aeng floated above her head.

“Tyrkanzyaka asked me about what you said. That thing you said about teaching her about the times. What time it would be at.”

“Huh? We’re actually doing that?”

「You suggested it?!」

The Regressor looked bewildered. I felt guilty so I nodded along.

“Alright, alright. I’ll go prepare for it now.”

“Try your best. I hope it goes well.”

As she turned away from me, the Regressor added one more thing.

“Of course, I’ll be listening in as well.”

‘Me, teach? I’ve been living off the streets. I don’t have the knowledge to teach someone.

‘I may be one of the most educated people here, but at best I’m a graduate from a standard public elementary school and dropped out of military middle school. I did get more education than a typical security level one citizen the moment I entered military middle school, but that was only because I read the mind of the kid with the second-best scores. If it wasn’t for my mind-reading cheat ability, my education would’ve ended at elementary school.’

Oh, by the way. The reason I read the mind of the kid with the second-best scores instead of the first was because I was the person who had the highest scores in the school.

It wasn’t done with my own studying of course. I just borrowed a little help from everyone during tests.

O students, lend me your strength.

I’d like to thank and apologize to every student who had their rank pushed back by one because of me.

However, because of my insanely high test scores, all of my instructors thought that I would be the genius to drive the Military State forward by an entire generation. But I completely failed the practical portion of the entrance exams to military high school, so I dropped out, trying to run away. And now, I ended up like this.

As any person who wasted their life often did, I reminisce about my school days.

“Maybe those days were the golden age of my life.”

I missed the days when I lived so freely just with the ability to read minds.

Albeit the issue is that I still can’t think of what I’m going to teach Tyrkanzyaka.

As I unconsciously fidgeted with my pockets, I realized something.

“Oh! I’ll just use this!”

‘This will do.’

The first three floors of Tantalus were the cells meant to hold the prisoners. Typically, those words would remind you of an atmosphere that felt confining and cramped.

However, as a prison with prisoners but no guards, Tantalus was a little different from the typical stereotype of prisons, in the sense that the stone walls were broken and the metal bars were bent in all kinds of directions.

Walls and bars didn’t suffice as an obstruction for the prisoners that were sent here. The metal door was now in the shape of a metal croissant, and the bars that were bent whichever way reminded me of wet pasta. One of the walls had an intricately made spear—three metal bars twisted together—embedded into it, and another cell had a perfectly smooth square hole cut out of it.

‘Fuck. It seems that the prison was nothing more than a bunch of toys to the criminals placed here. That’s terrifying. Just how did the workers that had to live amongst these criminals survive? Oh, right, they didn’t!’

Having solved the mystery, I made my way up the stairs.

The fourth floor was where the workers resided. It was also where I was staying since I had nowhere else to go. The doors didn’t lock, but they opened and closed properly, and there were still a few amenities like a kitchen and a place to do laundry.

I headed to the worker training room at the end of the fourth-floor hallway.

“Welcome!”

There, the ‘trainees’ were waiting for me.

A coffin, having pushed aside the chairs to make room, was floating in the air. The Regressor was hunched over on a chair, while she crossed her arms and legs. She glared at me the moment I walked in. Azzy was lying down on the floor playing around. I doubted she actually came to learn.

With everyone’s focus on me, I headed to the lectern. It was a small class consisting of a dog, a corpse, and a person, but I couldn’t help but be a little nervous as I stood in front of them. I took a deep breath before I began to talk.

‘It’s fine. I’ve done this plenty of times. It’s not any different from swindling people into buying worthless things.’

“I’ll start by establishing the goals of this class. From what I’ve seen the past two days, all you superhuman beings severely lack some common sense. If we were to release you as you are into society, you’ll have a hard time fitting in. And if that happens, you’ll end up back here again. So…”

｢Just a moment.｣

An eerie voice creeped out from within the coffin. The vampire seemed rather annoyed.

｢…Why do you wear such casual clothes when you’ve come to teach?｣

“Huh? What’s wrong with my clothes?”

The standard supplied button-up shirt and a pair of shorts that had built-in underwear. I was casually dressed, but this was fairly common.

However, to a thousand-year-old boomer like the vampire, even that was not formal enough.

｢Teaching is like a river. It flows from a high place to be received at the bottom. So the one who teaches must always maintain a certain air of authority and dignity. How can anyone be inclined to learn from someone so poorly dressed?｣

“This is ridiculous, I can’t believe I’m being criticized for my attire by someone who lives in a coffin.”

｢…That is—｣

“I know, I know. It’s like your wheelchair. I get it, I’m not going to berate you for that.”

– Cough! Cough!

The Regressor’s face grew red as she violently coughed in reaction to my statement.

「…A ‘wheel-chair’? You’re saying something I don’t understand again… but what is this ‘wheel-chair’? I feel as if I am being insulted」

‘Alright. Note to self: never explain what a wheelchair is.’

I gripped the lectern with both arms and shouted towards the coffin.

“And Trainee Tyrkanzyaka, there’s a clear reason as to why I came here dressed like this. Please do not doubt the teacher when the class hasn’t even begun yet.”

｢Alright. Show me. I hope your words serve more purpose than just excuses.｣

“Don’t get too surprised.”

‘I’ll show this outdated vampire the greatness of modern technology.’

I stretched out my left arm.

“Citizens of the Military State undergo a recording of their biological statistics when they reach the age of eighteen. Height, weight, body shape, bone structure, and even the length and width of our limbs. All of these things are recorded and engraved into our bodies.”

I turned my wrist to face the class. A peculiar hole was in my left wrist. The dip made from digging out flesh looked as if it were meant to hold something.

“Because of this, the Military State has the most advanced identification system. Utilizing it, they’ve made a few useful inventions.”

I dug out the object Azzy and I had found in the control room. The small dark-blue marble was just the right size to perfectly fit the hole in my wrist.

I hooked most of them by now. The Regressor who already knew what it was, and the vampire who had questioned the strange hole in my wrist.

They had a rough idea of how to use this marble.

“The Military State’s science is the best in the world. This is the pinnacle of alchemic technology, the clothing technology of the Military State.”

With those words, I fit the small marble into my wrist with a resounding click.

Instantly, blue filaments began to cover my body.

Along my skin, firm, strong fibers made the base structure. Thin blue strands weaved together to form layers in between. A garment was instantly tailored based on an alchemic pattern. Strands became fabric, and fabric became a clothing material that piled ontop of itself, step by step.

I did a quick twirl in place because I felt like I needed to. On my third way around, a warden’s uniform perfectly tailored to my body had covered my entire body.

Quickly taking the form of a trained warden, I saluted, according to the State standard.

“The Clothing Packet.”

It only took ten seconds for the stiffly ironed suit to cover my entire body. The invention of the century used the information recorded in your own biological data to transform into perfectly fitting clothes. Even if it ripped or got messy, all you needed to do was change it back into a marble and wipe it clean.

It was one of the best inventions, even among the seven great inventions of the Military State.

I boasted as I lifted up the collar of my brand-new clothes.

“With the invention of the Clothing Packet, citizens of the Military State were freed from the curse of laundry. Also, they spent less money on buying new clothes. A person only really needed a couple clothing packets, and they could keep reusing them.”

｢Interesting.｣

“Now, do you understand why I came so lightly dressed? I wanted to show you the Clothing Packet in action. It’s better to just wear the standard underwear beneath.”

Hums of amusement echoed from the coffin, but I could hear the vampire’s thoughts clearly.

「That’s amazing…! The world really has changed so much!」

I knew she’d love it.

It was a stereotype that old people disliked new technology. In reality, they were often willing to spend more time exploring it. Curiosity was something that existed within everyone, regardless of age.

The only issue was that, for some reason, old people tended to revert back to analog ways, saying ‘It had a nicer feel to it.’

However, the vampire’s attention was now solely focused on the Clothing Packet.

“A warden’s uniform… Hmph.”

Shei’s expression soured after seeing my outfit. Then, the vampire asked the Regressor.

｢Child, you didn’t have any hole like that on your wrist.｣

“I won’t ever get that kind of stuff.”

The Regressor shot back in a moody manner.

“That’s for surveillance. It’s a product of authoritarianism, made by the desire to track and control every single citizen.”

｢Authoritarianism?｣

“It means they monitor every citizen. You need a Bio-receptor to enter major roads or buildings. And if someone goes into the wrong place, the authorities can use it to arrest them immediately.”

｢…What is the issue with that?｣

The Regressor—who had only experienced the future—probably didn’t understand, but the vampire was from a totally different time. One with absolute monarchy.

‘Do you think human rights were a thing back then? If they were, the vampire probably wouldn’t have died at such a young age when she was alive.’

After the Regressor realized that, she clicked her tongue.

“Besides, there’s an even bigger issue with the Bio-receptor.”





༺ Out of Necessity, Did the Mother Invent ༻

The Regressor continued speaking as she glared at me.

“Once you carve the Bio-receptor into yourself, your body becomes tied to the State regardless of your will. They will be able to monitor your every move, and the other nations will be extra cautious of you. When going into nations that are hostile to the State, like the Empire or the Federation, you could be put under constant surveillance.”

“I don’t think that really matters unless you’re about to defect to another country.”

I replied while glaring back.

The Regressor kept glaring daggers at me.

It’s alright to throw shade at the State because it’s a place where the innocent are thrown into the abyss by baseless accusations.

But I won’t stand having my Bio-receptor talked down like that! I don’t use the Bio-receptor and Clothing Packet because I’m patriotic to the State. I only use them because they’re convenient!

“…And the Bio-receptor in itself is a liability. A magical device that can affect my whole body is no different than branding a slave in the past.”

What? Are you trying to say that I’m a slave? That ticks me off.

I’m a guy who also wants the State to perish.

Countless curses directed at the State were plastered onto my lips as soon as I was chucked into Tantalus.

If I counted up the number of laws I’ve broken just from living in the back alleys, it would be way more than the number of laws you’ve broken. Scamming, gambling, embezzlement, blackmailing, bribery, etcetera!

Yet you treat me like a slave of the State? No, I’m the State’s number one criminal! My crimes might be slightly different from yours, but I’ve got the quantity on you!

I snapped at the Regressor and started ranting.

“That’s a bit too much. If you say it like that, nothing in this world is truly safe. You could say that a tight suit is a suffocating prison or that a necktie is a leash on my neck. If you can say things like that, then we should also confiscate every fountain pen in the world because ‘the pen is mightier than the sword’.”

The Regressor settled back down in her chair and just glared daggers at me.

Her scorching animosity stabbed me. It was an unchangeable disdain; an annoying but ever-present shadow that hung over thirteen deaths. The stains of living in the darkness of the State could never be washed away.

“…You should know.”

The Regressor shot an icy gaze filled with the emotions of her many regressions. Her heart was so cold that it seemed as if it would never warm up again.

Her gaze scared the life out of me that I mumbled inwardly.

‘Oi, State. What on earth did you do that the Regressor would hate your very existence? You should be careful. It’s a big world out there, and you could meet an individual capable enough to single-handedly destroy countries. For example, a Regressor with infinite lives.’

‘You should try to not torture everyone too hard and be nicer to them in the future…’

“The first thing the State did with the Bio-receptor was… torturing people.”

A faint trace, a short but bold flashback. I read her mind as she reminisced about her past. Once upon a time, on her first regression. The fragmented memory of those times was recalled.

All that could be felt were fragmented moments of suffering.

The only thing in her mind were two words: ‘It hurts’. It covered the last page of her memories like a nasty piece of performance art. Along with an old and weathered scar.

I gulped.

‘Hey, State? I think it’s too late for you.’

I should get out of this country ASAP. Adios. See you never.

“The Bio-receptor is an archaic avatar that was forcefully opened via alchemy and magic. It’s a clone of my body. If you forcefully open the Bio-receptor and insert specialized poisons… Heh, then you could stimulate the feeling of pain without any drawbacks. When electricity touches your body, it flows all throughout it. The metal rod was definitely placed on my wrist, but my foot would start convulsing. Hmph. The State didn’t just invent a plain old convenient item. With haste, they first and foremost invented weapons… and torture devices.”

The air felt extremely heavy. To the point where the vampire forgot what she was about to say, and even the dimwitted dog Azzy looked up and raised her tail.

The vampire stayed silent.

However, it was clear where her thoughts were. If one’s mind were like a compass, hers would be pointing at the Regressor.

The Regressor, feeling dejected, laid out her painful thoughts.

「Everyone who’s been through that has died. Even I couldn’t handle it and took my own life. After that day, I’ve always carried around poison so that I could die a painless death every time. I’ll never forgive the State…」

I fucked up.

If I had known this earlier, I would have never impersonated a warden. I didn’t read such painful thoughts like this before!

‘I was wondering why she swung first and asked questions later. I should be thankful that I’m still alive.’

The Regressor clenched her fist to the point of having her hands tremble, she clenched them hard enough for her hand to start leaking blood.

“You still think the Bio-receptor is useful?”

「If this man is fully aware of the State’s evil but still sides with them, it would only be a matter of time before we clashed」

The Regressor was assessing me right now. If I made any hasty decisions, I could be confirmed as an ‘enemy’ and receive the suffering for all of eternity. After all, this wasn’t her last life.

She wouldn’t believe me if I said I was only acting as a warden all this time now, would she.

If that’s the case…

‘I’m putting on a voice. I’ll change my current cheery voice in an instant like I’m flipping personalities.’

Through the rapid change, I reset my mindset.

With a snap, I forcefully cut the conversation off just like that. If conversations were ‘living beings’ one would be dead right about now. I’ll pretend that the previous conversation just didn’t happen.

Thus, I ended the conversation and started another.

After preparing myself, I started from the top.

“When the Bio-receptor and Clothing Packet were first created, they weren’t in the list of considerations.”

I said with a confident but calm voice.

I told an old story that I made it sound as profound as possible.

“The first person to come up with the Clothing Packet was an old woman with a daughter-in-law. The old woman, who was trying to run a small clothing shop, looked upon her clumsy daughter-in-law with pity as she did the laundry and sewed till she started getting blisters. The daughter-in-law’s bright smile always carried some concerns. But to help her son continue on with the family business, she had to sew and do the laundry. The old woman tried to think of a way for her daughter-in-law to get used to all the housework, but couldn’t think of any decisive ideas. In the meantime, the old woman got a clothing request from a noble.”

From a distance, even steep hills and sharp rocks were small details that built a grand and beautiful scenery. No story could capture all the suffering and tears shed.

However, by capturing just some of the emotions, any story could be moving.

“The noble ordered the fanciest and most beautiful clothes the old woman could make. The old lady was dumbfounded by the order, as the clothes they wanted her to make were so full of different ornaments and embellishments that you wouldn’t be able to say that it was something you could wear. She knelt down and answered.”

“I am not skilled enough to create something like that.”

“Make it.”

“The cloth and threads will tangle like that of dogs in a fight. Because of this, you wouldn’t be able to take it on and off.”

“Not a problem. Make it.”

“The threads of the cloth are so fine that, if it got damaged, even a child wouldn’t be able to fit their hands in between to fix it.”

“Not a problem. Make it.”

“The different silks and cloth are intertwined into one that, if it were soiled, you wouldn’t be able to wash it with water nor can you wash it away with a wet brush.”

“Not a problem. Make it.”

“So you would want clothes that you could not fix, wash, nor wear again?”

“Only once. It’s to be worn only once. After that, it will be taken off, torn, and soiled. Your concerns are unnecessary.”

“That is not clothing. It is a sewn abomination.”

“Not a problem. Make it.”

“It was a fickle nobel’s crazy order. A difficult order for anyone in the world. It could have been rejected because it was too bizarre or because it was impossible to fulfill. But the old woman who was thinking about her daughter-in-law saw this as a golden opportunity of inspiration.”

At first glance the clumsy daughter-in-law had no aptitude for laundry or sewing. However, the old woman held back tears as she looked at the bloodstained cuffs.

“If the clothes are disposable, then neither laundry nor sewing would be required.”

It was the perfect solution.

“It was impossible, right? A new pair of clothes made every time you needed to wear something; having to take them off when you needed through alchemy. That is absurd. It can’t be easy. It would be way too difficult. The old woman would have had to spend the rest of her life developing it. She would have had to keep sewing until her sight blurred out. Even with her talented hands, her age was catching up. Her shaking and weakening hands were full of needle holes. She was no longer in her prime. There was no time for even the blood to dry.”

I intentionally took a breath and looked again at the hole in my wrist.

To tell the story of this tiny hole.

“The essence of the Bio-receptor. It’s the wound from the needle. The Clothing Packet is the one invented for the daughter-in-law. It’s just that the State… engineered it into a magic tool.”

All evils of the world were created by the State.

However, such evils in the past were from a much smaller but precious heart.

I walked towards the Regressor and took off the Clothing Packet. It broke apart and was sucked into my left hand as if someone had pulled apart all the fibers from the clothes. Just as larvae created cocoons or spiders wrapped their prey, the slender fibers came together to form a small marble.

After a couple of steps, I was back to my standard shirt and shorts.

The Clothing Packet popped out of my Bio-receptor. I took it and stood next to the Regressor’s desk.

“I can’t represent the State, and you wouldn’t be able to speak for all who were tortured. But even so, I would like to ask for your forgiveness.”

‘I didn’t do the deed, but I am a part of it. I will apologize for the things I have done.’

In that sentiment, I grasped the Regressor’s hand to find her Bio-receptor.

The Regressor sat in silence as she watched my every move.

“For the world’s noblest of deeds, borne of boundless compassion. For the committed sins that are set aflame in the scorching depths of hell.”

With that, I got her finger where her Bio-receptor would be—

Huh, there’s nothing there. There’s no hole. Only her smooth skin.

Puzzled I asked.

“Hey. You don’t even have a Bio-receptor.”

‘Why isn’t it there? That’s strange. I thought for sure I saw her getting tortured in her memories.’

As I was wondering, the Regressor pulled her hand back in a panic.

“N-No, wait.”

「I only got tortured on my second regression, when I didn’t know a thing… I didn’t even get one this time around」

‘Oh yeah. You only got tortured in a past regression, huh? I had forgotten because the memory itself was so vivid.’

After assessing the situation, I looked at the Regressor. She looked at me slightly awkwardly.

‘Wait. That makes me the clown.’

I decided the mood purely off reading her mind. I assumed that the Regressor had been tortured.

No, she did get tortured. Only in a past regression.

Even though in this regression, she lived through it willy-nilly.

The story suddenly got complicated. The Regressor couldn’t explain her lie without revealing herself, and I said something only a mind reader could know.

‘What do I do? What if they find out that I’m a mind reader?’

After a moment of hesitation, I flailed my arms and started screaming.

“You liar! You made it seem as if you have actually experienced it yourself! I thought you’d actually been tortured!”

Gaslighting!

To show that I really felt deceived by the Regressor, I stomped my feet and shouted.

“Tortured? You don’t even have a Bio-receptor! What are you saying they put in your smooth-ass skin, huh?!”

“Th-This is—”

“You really wanted some attention, huh? Or are you trying to steal the pain of those who were really tortured? To turn it into your personality? What impudence! I feel bad for those poor people who’ve had their pain and suffering stolen from them!”

“W-Wait! I’ve definitely…!”

“Definitely?”

As I pressed hard on the interrogation, the Regressor’s lips pressed against each other in frustration. However, she couldn’t afford to speak her mind.

「I… I can’t let them know that I’m a Regressor yet!」

‘Of course, you can’t. That’s the last thing you should be revealing as a Regressor. But how are you going to explain yourself now? How will you escape this situation that I’ve gotten you into?’

The answer was surprisingly simple.

– Bang!

The Regressor disappeared through the door. She literally escaped the situation.

‘Damn. I didn’t expect her to actually run away. I got done in.’

｢That was quite an interesting story.｣

The vampire—who had been carefully listening to my story—came closer, as if she was satisfied with my lesson today.

｢It was worth coming out of the coffin today. However, I am yet to hear the end of the tale. So what became of the old woman?｣

“Ahaha…”

｢…Why do you laugh?｣

“No, it’s just that you’re calling her an old woman. She was around not too long ago. If she were alive right now, she would only be around two hundred years old. Way younger than you, Trainee Tyrkanzyaka. So maybe you should be calling her ‘little girl’. Wow, to be able to treat someone like that as a child—”

– CRASH!

The vampire tore through the building and left. She had also run away.

Damn. Just by running my mouth, I made a girl and a corpse run away. Someone would be proud of me for that.

‘But that coffin’s made of wood, right? How can it break through the concrete and be perfectly fine? My sense of reality is degrading.’

“This is destruction of property, but… whatever.”

‘It’s not like I’m part of the State’s financial division. They’ll take care of it themselves. I just need a place to sleep.’

“Now then…”

I walked towards Azzy, who was trying her best to stay awake. As I got closer, her tail started wagging. Then, her ears perked up. And as she lifted her head, she figured out that I was approaching her and jumped to life.

Seeing as how she was drooling freely, she was living her best life. I spoke as I dodged her attempts at wiping her saliva on my hand.

“Hey, Azzy. Were you listening to my lecture?”

“Woof!”

“Can you tell me what you learned today?”

“Woof!”

“Ah, you want me to lower my expectations of you?”

“Yeah!”

“…I’m a little angry at the fact that you’re only responding to that.”

“Angry?”

“Yes! I’m angry, you fucking mutt! Just try to listen to what I say!”

“Mutt?! Bark! Bark!”

‘Ugh, what do I ever do with this mutt? She’ll usually follow human instructions well, but from what I’ve seen from the Regressor’s memories, she’ll turn into a human meat grinder in the future. I don’t know why that happens, but I need to prevent that. I thought putting some common sense into her would be good.’

“I’m crazy for even thinking that would work. Even the guy who made the saying that ’experience is the best teacher’ would lose his shit upon facing a real dog.”

As I was scratching my head, Azzy sat up straight and fiercely barked.

“Woof! Woof-woof! Woof!”

Azzy was looking straight at my left wrist.

Maybe, just maybe. Did she actually listen to my lecture and understand something?

I half-doubtedly showed her my left wrist.

“Do you actually remember? Sure. Look. This is called a Bio-receptor, and if you put the Clothing Packet here—”

“Bite!”

“AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!”

With the sensation of her sharp, hard fangs digging into the hole, I lost consciousness.





༺ The Enemy of Humanity Isn’t the Alarm, but the Morning Itself ༻

The State had this funny saying.

The State’s research lab undertook all of the world’s research. The bio-engineers who researched the human body and the material engineers who researched the properties of different materials used the same building. As a result of that, they would sometimes accidentally go into each other’s labs without realizing that they were using the wrong lab until it was time to leave.

Actually, it’s not even that funny.

– Rrrriiiiiiiiiing!

The painful sound assaulted my eardrums. The fact that my ears were still fine after every morning meant that either my ears were more resilient than I thought or that the State’s engineers did a good job at making the alarms.

‘To bend without breaking.’ That was the State’s material engineers’ motto.

I wonder how much effort was put into just creating that one sound…

You know what, I don’t even want to think about it.

“Urgh, I hate that so much…”

Why? Why must that alarm greet me every morning? Why do I need to start every day in agony?

I felt like I was going to lose my mind.

I yelled as I buried my face into the hard pillow.

“Someone please turn off that fucking alarm!”

“Woof!”

“Huh?”

‘I wasn’t expecting an answer, but who was that?’

As I lifted my head after yelling some nonsense, I saw Azzy flying through the air. She jumped up in the blink of an eye, leaping toward the wall. She then raised her front paw and struck the annoying alarm clock.

– Crash!

I’ve said this before, but that alarm clock was like a steel cicada.

The steel cicada that harassed me every morning was trampled under the feet of the four-legged beast. Its gut-like mechanical insides flew everywhere, and the thin plate responsible for the noise cried out for the last time before it was crumpled.

The alarm was pressed so flat against the wall that it had merged into it. In order to take it out, you would need to dig out the wall itself. The gears and metal pieces spread throughout the air. After doing her deed, Azzy came towards me. She wagged her tail, as if she wanted to be praised.

“…What, do you want me to praise you?”

“Woof! Woof-woof!”

“Yeah, sure, you did well. You destroyed the evil alarm clock that harassed me every morning… To the point of no restoration.”

The core component was completely obliterated.

‘Unless there’s a smithy somewhere here, I don’t think it’s ever going to be salvaged.’

I combed my hair back before grabbing Azzy’s shoulders.

“But did you know, Azzy? The thing tormenting me every morning isn’t that alarm clock. That’s only a front. My suffering lies in the morning that tells the alarm to ring.”

“Woof?”

“Yeah, the real problem is the morning. The fucking morning that makes you repeat the day you just barely got through. I thank you for your virtuous deeds, but this doesn’t change anything.”

The first thing Azzy said after my long rant was:

“Dummy?”

“…?”

‘What did she say?’

I was standing with my mouth agape, dumbstruck as Azzy looked up and continued.

“Can’t see the sun. Dark here. No morning!”

“Well, no. Even if there is no sun, it’s still morning.”

“Woof! Can’t see the sun, no morning!”

‘Saying that there’s no morning if there is no sun. I didn’t know whether to call this optimism or literal dog talk.’

“I sleep when tired! I like sleep!”

“Yeah, I also want to sleep whenever. But there’s work to be done, so it can’t be helped.”

“Woof? Work?”

“Stuff like cooking or cleaning. You know, if I don’t wake up in the morning, there would be no one to feed you.”

As I said that, Azzy’s ears perked up. Then, she jumped onto the bed, and started to bite and tug at the hems of my clothes. My body was unwillingly dragged out of bed.

“No! Wake up! Food! Fooood!”

“Ok! I’ll feed you, so let go! Wait!”

Azzy ran all over the place as I made preparations. After pushing the broken bits of the alarm clock to the side with my foot, I wiped my face with a wet towel.

“Haaa… How am I going to wake up tomorrow now that the alarm clock is broken?”

There’s only one reason why I didn’t break the alarm clock myself even through all the suffering it put me through. If I don’t have it, I won’t be able to wake up.

It’s a sunless, roosterless abyss. A place that was isolated from the outside world; one where time holds no meaning. As there’s no visible morning, there’s no way to gauge the time. And it doesn’t help that the alarm clock—the only thing keeping time here—was destroyed by the dog.

“Is there anything remotely similar to an alarm…?”

I wanted to hit Azzy on her forehead, but I refrained and let out a sigh.

‘Well, she did do it out of consideration. Honestly, I did feel relieved when it was smashed.’

The hand that initially moved to hit her changed directions to scratch her chin instead. Azzy made a big smile and put her weight onto my hand.

‘How naively innocent… There are absolutely no concerns on her face. I guess it’s only possible because she’s an ignorant animal. I suppose these are the pros of a pet.’

I recalled the Clothing Packet I was currently wearing and pulled out a new one. The recalled Clothing Packet could be washed with the laundry or in a tub of water. Electric pulses could make the clothes good as new, but you would need a special device for it. The former method would take longer to dry but could be done anywhere.

After changing into new clothes, I removed my hand from Azzy’s chin. As if she were attached to my hand by glue, Azzy’s face followed my hand up for a short moment.

She opened her eyes wide, as if asking ‘Why did you stop?’ As if to tell me to keep going, she lunged her chin toward my hand.

It seems like she thinks I’m either a petting machine, a ball-throwing machine, or a feeding machine.

Sigh.

Just my luck. Why am I being the dog’s babysitter?

Well, It can’t be helped. She’s my dog. The least I could do is feed her.

“Woof?”

“Let’s go and eat.”

“Woof!”

If there was a ‘World’s Nicest Dog’, it would be Azzy on her way to eat food. I went to the cafeteria with the dog who would only become good three times a day.

‘I should heat up the leftover bean stew for breakfast and have something else in the afternoon. Maybe I should cook, it has been a while after all. Last time, to win over Azzy, I stove-cooked some meat. But to be honest, meat is an ingredient that gives a better feeling of satisfaction when prepared differently… Huh? Why is the pot empty? I swear there were some leftovers in here.’

I turned my head. To my irritation, Azzy was looking at me with clueless eyes.

I stand corrected. Azzy has never been a nice dog. This mutt with superstrength is a scourge upon this world.

“Oi! You ate the last of the leftovers, didn’t you?!”

“Woof-woof? Woof!”

“Don’t play dumb! There’s no one else here who could have done it!”

“Woof!”

“You get nothing this morning! Nothiiiing!”

“Awoooooo!”

The howl of the starving dog rang out for a long time.

“Today’s lesson is about dealing with an ungrateful dog!”

“Woof!”

Azzy, who was lying down in the back of the classroom, barked loudly in defiance to what I said. When I glared at her with flaming eyes, she turned her head with a ‘Hmph.’

‘Hmph. You think I care?’

“Animals have never known grace and don’t even have the intelligence to recognize it in the first place, so there’s no need to do anything for them. They’re just suffering a loss! Let just tell them survive on their own!”

“Woof! Woof! Grrrrrr!”

The Regressor—who had been watching me and Azzy go head to head—asked with no interest.

“What’s the problem?”

「It’s probably nothing as usual. I couldn’t care less, but I’ll pretend to ask」

I could hear her impertinent thoughts, but I couldn’t help but vent my emotions. I thumped my chest with my fist and responded.

“That fucking mutt ate all the leftover food from yesterday!”

“Bark! Grrr—Woof!”

Azzy barked, as if she was retaliating. She had the appearance of a human, but all that came out was the bark of an animal.

That was some serious dog noise.

Ugh, come on. If she wasn’t a dog with a dog’s mind, I would have easily read her mind and came through with unavoidable evidence. It’s at these times where not being able to properly read her mind is a problem.

However, the Regressor asked, seemingly missing the whole point.

“So what if the dog eats some food?”

“‘Some’ food? ‘Some’?”

I pinched my forehead and let out a deep sigh.

“Seems like you’re missing something here, Trainee Shei. The only reason dogs and humans are able to coexist is the fact that it only takes some leftovers to feed these guys every day. Besides, it doesn’t take a lot to feed a dog, however!”

I pointed my finger at the glutton and yelled.

“That thing eats not only the same amount of food as me, but twice as much! And it has the audacity to eat on the same table!”

“Feeding her just a bit is fine, isn’t it? Stop being so stingy.”

“Stingy? Stingy?”

‘You only say that ‘cause you have fucking everything from money to items after taking everything for yourself! How can you say that to someone like me who has to work every day just to put food on the table?! Didn’t you say something about Azzy being a piece of the apocalypse?! Why aren’t you the one taking care of her?! Isn’t that your responsibility as a Regressor?! Why don’t you take ‘With great power comes great responsibility’ to heart?!’

I was about to say all that. But since I couldn’t reveal that I was a mind reader yet, all that came out of my mouth were plain old complaints.

“Then why don’t you feed her?!”

“Ah, sorry. That’s not possible.”

「I tried feeding her some food from the Bountiful Table… but she didn’t eat any of it. It’s overall plentiful, but each portion of food is so small that it would never be able to fill her」

The thing that came up in the Regressor’s mind—was the Bountiful Table. Every meal, would produce tons of food that could fill a table.

There were so many little portions of food that with a single stroke of chopsticks, would all disappear in an instant. It was designed so that each meal could provide a great variety of food to taste for a limited stomach.

It was the ultimate luxury item.

It was filled with the most high-end foods just to ensure no one mistook it for anything other than the Bountiful Table.

It definitely isn’t just some dog food, since it’s so precious that the dog can’t even eat it.

I wrinkled my forehead and let out a sigh.

“Anyway, I don’t like eating on the same table as a dog. I’m going to leave it here. I won’t even pretend to see Azzy anymore. Class dismissed.”

｢Wait. That’s the end?｣

“Yes. I just wanted to share with you all my grievances. Now, you can have the rest of the day off. You won’t get every day off, so enjoy this time while you can.”

The one thing students love is a day off. The crazy thing is that even the teachers love rest days. Maybe a day off is the world’s greatest good.

After announcing the world’s greatest good, I quickly headed to the door.





༺ Correct, Alchemist ༻

Today’s class was good as well. I was about to head out the door after stretching my body when the vampire’s voice stopped me in my tracks.

｢Is there nothing today?｣

“What?”

｢I’m asking you if there is something interesting planned for today.｣

「The story yesterday about the needle and the clothes was quite interesting. He has quite the talent in storytelling. Does he have any other stories, I wonder…」

It seemed as though the ancient vampire, who had shut herself from the world inside her coffin, had been very touched by my story yesterday. She was holding on to me like a lonely grandma.

No, even if you are looking forward to my stories, it’s not like they’re all as interesting as the last one. I don’t even have good stories in the first place.

I scratched my head as I spoke.

“Something interesting… Well then, do you want to learn some magic?”

｢Magic?｣

It was just a thoughtless idea, but both the vampire and the Regressor seemed interested in it.

Huh, I’m feeling the pressure all of a sudden.

“Don’t expect too much. The only magic I know are the standard spells that were taught to me when I was in military school.”

「Tsk. I thought it was some high-level magic」

The Regressor lost interest straight away. Her head was so high up in the clouds that none of my normal skills could possibly interest her.

‘Hey, if you were around them, you’d be sentenced for the crime of “abusing your talents”. Hmph. Ms. zero-skill-all-items Regressor, I would like to see you even try.’

On the other hand, the vampire’s response was much more exaggerated.

｢Y-You can use magic?!｣

Since their inception, humans would look at beings above themselves and gain inspiration from them. Conversely, they would look at those below and gain a sense of security.

The one below me right now was the curious old vampire.

‘Ahhh, my self-esteem is really building up. The modern genius theory is real after all. The ancient vampire is proving it to me right in front of my eyes.’

Feeling the rising confidence in my heart, I started speaking.

“Yes. I can indeed use magic.”

Then, the Regressor scoffed at me.

「It’s just some basic State magic that even cows and dogs can use. Thinking he’s got something going just by knowing those useless magic spells…」

‘You couldn’t even compare to cows or dogs in your first life. Does dying under a cow’s feet make you a rat? Just leave already. Why are you still hanging around and listening to me? If you’re going to stay and listen, you should at least follow the vampire’s example. It’s better to teach people when they are curious to learn.’

｢Magic can be called the fruit of the mystics that only sages with profound knowledge can hope to obtain! Someone like you can use the magic I could only dream of using?｣

“Someone like me? Hey, I was a hard worker even with these looks.”

‘Even though I had been just a criminal to the State barely making it through, I was the military middle school’s number one student. There were none who didn’t know the back alley magician.’

Although, my fame was more that of an entertainer than a great sage…

“And I’m not even that special. There are so many others who can use magic. You use magic whenever you want from the time you get into middle school.”

I had only told her some common knowledge, but the vampire was completely shocked as if the world itself had ended.

｢You can use magic… whenever you want?｣

“Of course.”

｢How many of them are there?｣

“The one I went to had around two hundred people in a single year, and there are ten schools like that in total… So that’s at least two thousand people who can use magic.”

｢Two… thousand…｣

The vampire was shocked to the point where her tongue was sticking out.

｢Two thousand magicians. That is greater than the population of some cities.｣

“Nowadays, two thousand isn’t even that much compared to most cities. The human population has exploded. Only the most remote areas have a population of two thousand. And there seems to be a misunderstanding.”

Two thousand in one year.

Oh, wait. The concept of schools and years didn’t exist back then. I should clear up that misunderstanding.

“Two thousand isn’t the entire population of magic users. It’s only the number of thirteen-year-old kids who go to military middle school. There are just as many fourteen-year-olds in the year above and just as many in the year above them…”

｢Impossible! If that is the case, do you mean to tell me that there are a hundred thousand magicians in the world?!｣

“Well, they aren’t really magicians. It’s more like they’re just people who can use magic. Also, there aren’t many who specialize in magic among them.”

｢Even so, a hundred thousand…｣

Back in the day there were many countries that didn’t have even close to a hundred thousand people living in them, so this would definitely be a surprise to her. I felt quite prideful.

“What, that’s what surprised you? There really is a big gap of knowledge in a thousand years.”

I sincerely thank you civilization. And the precious history of man that has placed me a thousand years after the vampire.

As I was in the midst of feeling real good about myself, the voice of someone who couldn’t read the room at all came through.

“Stop giving her such misleading information. The people who actually have magical aptitude are extremely rare.”

The Regressor left after some petty nitpicking on my explanation.

‘Unbelievable. Why is she even attacking me when she has learnt magic as well? She’s telling me off as if she can’t stand not harassing me for even a second.’

“If you ask people to use magic on the spot, most of them wouldn’t be able to do it properly because a large part of magic is talent. There are many people who just learn the basics and leave it at that because they think learning battle tactics would be a better use of their time.”

Looks like the Regressor was just trying to depreciate my explanation. Unfortunately for her, the vampire still seems quite intrigued.

｢To give up at the prospect of mastering magic… Is that even acceptable…?｣

“Ah, that. It’s a long story, but, hmm…”

This time, I cut in.

“When knowledge becomes as common as pebbles on a road, it is to be expected that people would treat knowledge the same as pebbles.”

｢Even if it is certain that they would gain power?｣

“Power is definitely one of the rewards of educational knowledge. If it wasn’t precious, no one would seek to gain it after all.”

｢Huh. These are quite strange times…｣

“Well, isn’t that what a changed world is?”

｢Hm. Then, perhaps you’re right.｣

Since I had glossed over it like it had been nothing, the vampire just mumbled in her coffin.

Like a greedy man who wanted something he should never wish for. No… like a little girl who scolded herself for being greedy just at the thought of wanting something.

｢If someone like me asked to learn… would you teach it to me?｣

“Trainee Tyrkanzyaka, surely you do not want to pick up magic, do you?”

｢It is not that I want to use it. I just want to try and learn. In that place called ‘school’, as others have…｣

“Ah, you want to become a late learner.”

People who had never had an education had this lingering feeling inside them. Even if it didn’t look like much in the modern era, this lingering feeling was something that built up as time passed. I scratched my head.

“If you want to attend school, you would have to solve the problem of residential registration…”

‘That would be difficult because the State’s residential registration was quite strict. Well, as a vampire, it shouldn’t be a problem to get a standing even in the strict State.’

“If you just want to learn, school isn’t the only option. If you have the money for it, you could learn at a private institution.”

｢I can?｣

Knowledge definitely had become common, but it still held more value than mere pebbles. The State had a tight grip on 3rd level strategy magic, but any other institute could teach up to 2nd level battle magic.

As I was feeling proud of myself—

｢If that’s the case, could you teach me some magic?｣

“Huh? Me?”

｢Yes. As you and Shei are the only ones who have been in contact with the outside world.｣

A thousand-year-old vampire whose every move has been recorded in legend… And I’m supposed to teach her magic? Me?

‘Nonsense. My theory might have been perfect, but my practical skills were absolutely trash. In fact, I had to drop out because I couldn’t even use 0 level illusionary magic even after searching topic by topic through the teacher’s mind.

‘I’m not being humble. Although my talent isn’t in magic, if I reveal that I am barely able to cast 0 level magic, she would definitely doubt my abilities. I had to avoid that at all costs.’

As I was about to refuse her request—

「‘Have the money’, you say? That wouldn’t be an issue. There’s gold to spare…」

Money.

It had always been like that. The metal that blinded people—gold.

A detestable spoil of war that sat atop a man’s head, made him spill his blood and then moved onto another’s so that the cycle could continue.

Even a righteous man who despised fortune kept money close to him.

Even for one as dignified and considerate as I.

Changing my attitude in an instant, I put my fist on my chest and spoke.

“I could teach you, Trainee Tyrkanzyaka.”

I then held my index finger and thumb into a circle and slightly shook it.

“Ah, but you see. Even as a teacher, it’s a bit too much to give away this information for nothing. And as we get to a higher level, the security level starts to rise as well. So maybe some kind of payment can be offered?”

｢Do you want me to give you gold?｣

“Well, it doesn’t necessarily have to be gold. It should just be enough to give me some motivation.”

I was saying my thoughts out loud. The Regressor clicked her tongue at me. An officer of the State would surely scold me for thinking about filling a different pocket than the State’s.

But you know what?

A few hundred years ago, bribery was common sense.

｢So gold is enough. I understand.｣

– Creeaak.

The lid of the coffin slightly slid open. From its dark interior emerged a pitch-black hand with something on it and floated towards me.

Whoa, really? You’re actually giving this to me?

There really is opportunity in danger. The danger of living with a vampire who’s slept away for a thousand years allowed me an opportunity to get gold from a senior who does not know anything about today’s exchange rates!

I controlled my agitated emotions and peered at the object that the black hand had brought out. It was… an extremely precious-looking crown.

‘Jackpot.’

I coughed to cover my excessive joy before I spoke.

“They look like tomb relics coming out of the coffin like that. Ouch!”

｢Stop with the nonsense.｣

‘Yeah, but you didn’t have to throw it at me. What if something as precious as this got a scratch?

I received it with my sleeves to try and not get any fingerprints on it.

‘Oh, damn. This feeling… An authentic crown? If all of this was real gold, even if the price dropped because of alchemy, it would be worth—

‘…Wait. Alchemy… a thousand years ago… the gap in technology and that strangely negligent attitude… There’s no way.’

I scanned the crown with a slight doubt in my mind.

‘Ah, how is it that my bad hunches are always right.’

“This is fake!”

｢…?｣

“Now that I think about it, this gold is from before the Alchemic Revolution. It’s fake gold! Damn it, how could this be?!”

The vampire was sincerely surprised.

｢Gold is gold. How can there be fake and real gold?｣

“We defined that a hundred years ago.”

｢Wh-What? It can’t be…｣

「Is it perhaps… Was there another significant change in the world that I am not aware of? Another one?」

I was thinking of letting my anger out at the feeling of being scammed, but after reading her mind, I only felt bad for her. Sure, I had lost some possible payments, but the vampire had lost everything.

This was one of the instances where mind reading was not so great. If I hadn’t known anything at all, I would have lit her up to the moon and back.

Sigh.

Just my luck.

Just as I was thinking I could get some money out of this—

“You’d be arrested for counterfeit gold. But back when Trainee Tyrkanzyaka lived, knowledge about alchemy was nonexistent, so I’ll let this one go. Now, look at this.”

I drew a star on the gold with my finger. If it were real gold, there wouldn’t be any residue. However, for some reason, it rose up and turned red, as if it had been touched by fire.

“A real gold crown is recognizable by its shine and weight. It’s probably the third and fourth corners. Hmm, it’s definitely a result of old alchemy techniques since its alchemy level is very low. Even I could undo it.”

I tapped the third and fourth corners of the crown and then traced around the front and back of the crown with my fingernail.

Thunk.

As I pushed some mana into the last line, the gold on the crown flowed off as if it was melting. Soon after, the crown started to change color, revealing a dull and dark metal.

It was a material that was more useful than gold, more frequently used, and an excellent mana conductor—mithril. It was definitely better than gold, but… it was unfortunately not a precious metal because of it as well.

I placed it on the lectern.

“Mithril is an amazing metal with high mana conductivity. It was so much that you could have it mimic any other metal in the world through alchemy. And obviously, it was mostly made to mimic gold. But mithril itself was just as rare at the time, so you could get away with mixing it into real gold. That was how back then, the infamous fake gold—mithril—was released onto the world.

“Then one day, a money-hungry alchemist had a brilliant idea. As making real gold was difficult, he thought of making mithril and turning it into gold before selling it. However, since mithril was just as difficult to make, it looked like his efforts were in vain.”

Unfortunately, my efforts succeeded.

The alchemic pattern was revealed.

It was approximately a 3rd level alchemic construction. Any semi-competent alchemist sought out mithril. Although it was at the level of a cottage industry, the steady supply eventually dropped the prices of the ore.

Anyone who possessed gold feared this change. They hadn’t even done anything, but their net worth started plummeting incredibly quickly. Those who received the news early were enraged and tried to analyze the situation to the best of their abilities.

“And as soon as they realized the truth, they shut their mouths and started to sell all the gold they had.”

｢Why did they do that instead of condemning the alchemists who were creating the fake gold?｣

“Because they had to get rid of all the fake gold before everyone else found out. If they condemned them, everyone else would know as well.”

｢The gold they possessed was fake. They sold it despite knowing that?｣

“They sold it because they knew.”

The wealth they had been collecting was evaporating in front of their eyes. They would be stupid if they did nothing about it. Selling it all was an obvious choice for them.

｢What about the people who bought the fake gold thinking it was real? They surely wouldn’t have stayed idle about it.｣

“Correct!”

‘Her ambition to learn is overflowing. She is definitely worth teaching.’

I had a broad smile on my face and opened my arms wide.

“It’s hard to explain exactly what happened after this. The buyers were enraged, the sellers tried to back out, the two sides fought and war ensued. Apparently, it was no small one either. One historian recounted that the amount of blood that was spilled was as much as the weight of the gold that went around.”

Anyway.

I played around with the mithril crown and continued.

“In short, mithril nowadays is dirt cheap. If you can bargain well enough, you could sell it for the same price as a pile of wood.”

Which meant that most of the vampire’s wealth was now worth jackshit.

I lamented at the unfortunate conclusion and looked at the vampire with sad eyes at the same time.

Items such as wine, pickled foods, or antiques could rise in price if enough time passed. However, just like providence, should too much time pass, it would all rot. A thousand years was too long.

After delaying for quite a while, the vampire spoke.

｢From history to alchemy… How do you know all these things? Is it…?｣

“Yes. I also learnt these at ‘school’.”

｢Again!｣

“It’s not just alchemy. Mathematics, biology, natural science, languages, magic, mechanical engineering, ballistics, etc. They teach you all of this in middle school.”

｢What is this ‘school’ place? Is it a place where all the talented children from around the world come to learn? Like a sage’s tower?｣

“No? From fourteen years old to seventeen, anyone who’s graduated from primary school with good grades can choose to go.”

｢Th-That is… insane.｣

The shock was so big that the voice from the coffin had become slightly quieter.

Maybe the culture shock was too much.

‘I guess she lived in an era where being able to learn something was only available to the upper class. The road of education was thin, rough, and steep. And alongside that, it was short and closed. Even while reaching the end, most lamented at the tightly shut door. I wonder how much better it’s gotten now compared to then.’

“Anyway, do you understand now? It’s quite unfortunate. Phew, that was tiring. I’ll also have today as a rest day.”

｢U-Ugh. Wait.｣

As if the vampire couldn’t accept the changed world, she also asked the Regressor to try and get confirmation.

｢Shei, is that all… true?｣

“…It is all true. But…”

「Even if they do get an education, there aren’t many who can learn as proficiently as that man. The State seeks specialization. They discover those who have the aptitude in a certain field of study and make them dig deep into it. It’s abnormal that he can deflect my sword while also knowing alchemy and magic at the same time…」

‘She’s over-evaluating me just because I deflected her sword. Damn. Imagine if I hadn’t. I would’ve been treated like an insect. Oh wait, no. My arm would’ve been gone. I would have actually turned into a crawling insect.’

“…It’s not as great as he makes it out to be. You would be very disappointed if you actually went there.”

The Regressor made everything I had said sound trivial.

Well, some places really weren’t that special, so I didn’t refute it.

The amazed vampire suddenly thought of something and asked.

｢Shei, did you also come out of this ‘military middle school’? Are you perhaps acquaintances?｣

“No, I only graduated from a local primary school.”

｢Ah, is that so…｣

「Hmm… There is a definite difference in the way they talk. There does seem to be an educational gap between them…」

As if being sympathetic, the vampire dragged on the conversation. As the Regressor realized the pity behind the vampire’s words, she quickly protested.

“I only graduated from a local primary school because I was an orphan and couldn’t afford further education!”

｢How unfortunate.｣

“NO! I mean—I didn’t have to go to middle school! My education was good enough without it!”

｢I understand. Do not worry. I will teach you bloodcraft to the best of my abilities.｣

“I’m telling you that’s not what I mean!”

Sigh.

‘I wasn’t trying to show off, but it just turned out like this.’

I slid my thumb across my nose.

“Technically speaking, I, too, was an orphan. But I had earned a scholarship. After all, I was number one in the entire year.”

“You just shut up!”

“As grains ripen, they bend down, and full pockets stay silent even as they sway… If you really want, I’ll be quiet.”

“What part of ‘shut up’ do you not understand?!”

Sigh.

Uneducated bums.

I let out a quiet sigh and didn’t speak just like she instructed, but the Regressor didn’t seem to like even that. She huffed and puffed in anger before pulling out something from an invisible space.





༺ Magic Is No Joke ༻

After shouting at me, the Regressor stretched out her hand. Simultaneously, it seemed as though her arm had been cut off from her elbow.

No, it wasn’t cut off. Looking at it more carefully, she had cleaved a hole in space and was putting her hand through the fissure. The upper half of her arm was still visible, but the lower half had just disappeared somewhere. It was just like sticking your arm out the window.

The only difference was that the window in question was a literal hole in space.

A personal spatial dimension called a ‘Pocket’. It was the only one in the world, and the Regressor was carrying it.

She rummaged through the spatial fissure and pulled out a round and hard object.

“Yeah! Let’s see how well you teach now!”

– Tink.

The object came flying at me. I extended my arm in anticipation, and my wrist was forcibly pushed back by the weight of the object. The excessive force sent tremors throughout my body.

‘I think I overstretched my ligaments.’

I stared at the Regressor for the near-death experience she had given me and then looked at the treasure that was now in my hands.

I doubted my eyes.

“Oh shit. It’s Alchemic Gold. And it’s a hyperpure sample with an alchemic value of over ten thousand alkeis. How did you…?”

Back in the day, alchemists would often transmutate different materials as per their liking. This wouldn’t just change the materials’ properties, but their value as well. Hence, people would never be able to know how much their material wealth was actually worth. Even gold couldn’t keep its value, so it was a time in which everyone doubted and feared the worth of the currency they possessed.

It was then that Alchemic Gold made its appearance.

The resource that was vital in alchemy itself had been turned into a currency with absolute value.

After giving such a valuable item in a helpful manner, the Regressor replied with indifference on her face.

“It’s an asset of mine.”

“All personal belongings should have been taken away when you were arrested.”

“It’s my spatial dimension item. Since it was in my Pocket, they couldn’t have known about it.”

The Regressor flatly dismissed it.

The Pocket. It was a treasure that could store all sorts of other treasures that couldn’t compare to normal pockets.

It truly was such a Regressor thing to be carrying around.

I pressed my nose against the Alchemic Gold and sniffed it.

“It’s not fake… right?”

“Why would I be carrying it around in the Pocket if it was a fake?”

‘That’s true. The Pocket itself would be worth over a million Alchemic Golds. I wasn’t actually doubting it. It was just an expression of surprise. Also, Alchemic Gold itself is already hard to replicate anyway because of the value the material inherently had. After alchemy became widespread, on the surface, all nations used the same method to keep counterfeiting in check.’

Obviously, the easiest way to mitigate the issue was to give the material itself value. The most common example was Alchemic Gold, which was made up of materials which in themselves had great value.

Alchemic Gold was used commonly across the world and could be used to create magic circles. If someone had some knowledge about alchemy, they could break it down and use it to make magic tools.

It was the ultimate currency with both modern economic value and material value—Alchemic Gold.

‘If it does have an alchemic value of ten thousand alkeis… I could probably recreate all my magic tools the State took away!’

“So, what’s your answer?”

I put the Alchemic Gold in my pocket and then I proceeded to forget about it.

Once Alchemic Gold went into a pocket, all feelings of gratitude would disappear. That was the rule of the backstreets. The saying ‘Greed knows no bounds’ didn’t exist for no reason after all.

“Oho! To think that this prideful warden of the State is going to fall to bribery. You are sorely mistaken! According to the act of misconduct of bribery, I will be confiscating this now!”

After scoffing at me—as if she had heard some nonsense—she grabbed two more from the fissure and waved it in the air.

“If you teach Tyrkanzyaka properly, I’ll give you two more.”

“To be honest, ever since I woke up this morning, I wanted to teach you all some magic. It just felt like a magical day, you know? So let’s learn about magic today.”

There was too much money on the line to say otherwise. I immediately stood in front of the lectern and finished my preparations.

During the entire time, the Regressor was constantly trying to convince the vampire of something.

“…Tyrkanzyaka, I’ve said it before, but I really chose not to go to middle school. It’s not that I couldn’t. Look at him. Even after graduating middle school, he’s easily swayed by a little money.”

‘It doesn’t matter what you say. I just need money to go into my pocket.’

I swallowed my pride, steeled my face, and started the lesson.

“Basically, magic is the act of overwriting the fundamental laws of the universe… You probably didn’t understand that, did you?”

All I needed to do was satisfy the vampire’s curiosity. It wasn’t going to be a boring lesson that started from the theoretical basics.

‘I’ll try to explain it as simply and concisely as possible.’