༺ No Country for Criminal Men ༻

The carriage came to a halt at the end of the road.

A dry wasteland not having a single tree. Without any shade to protect from the scorching sun’s rays, every living thing groaned in response to the heat. In a land where even a mound of dirt heaved wavy breaths, a single sign marked the end of the road.

The two officers spotted the sign, understood that they had arrived at the right place, and realized they would need to begin their next task.

The officers split up. As one approached the sign, the other fiddled with his retractable steel baton while heading towards the back of the carriage.

The officer that approached the back of the carriage nervously gripped his only weapon tightly in his hand.

The sweat from his hands made the baton slippery, but there was no time to worry about that.

Escort vehicles were normally used to transport criminals, and people who were brazen enough to disobey the law were bound to act up at every opportunity. Until now, the officer had given the criminals a taste of his baton and had been satisfied with its effect.

Yet today, for the first time since he had donned the insignia of the law, he worried that the baton might not be sufficient.

They had arrived at Tantalus*, the Abyssal Prison. It housed nefarious criminals that should never be allowed to step foot in society again. The prison was one in which countless entered, but none left.

It was said that the criminals held at Tantalus were more easily found in history books than the newspapers. The only reason they were imprisoned was because they were unkillable. A wretched place where monsters, Beast Kings, and warriors who single-handedly slaughtered entire armies wandered around like any common civilian.

What the officers brought today was a prisoner sentenced to imprisonment in the said prison.

「Damn. What kind of crime do you need to commit for you to get sent to Tantalus on your first offense?」

I agreed completely with his thoughts. Just what did I do to have been sent to Tantalus without a trial? An innocent, honest man like me. There must have been some sort of mistake.

The officer took a deep breath before banging on the back door with his baton.

“Back away from the doors or I’ll beat you to a pulp!”

The manner in which the State treated its prisoners was akin to that of an explosive; wrapped in tight packaging and with the utmost caution.

No matter how light of a crime one committed, handcuffs and shackles with blindfolds were the very basic measures taken when handling criminals. Officers would often use gags and straightjackets in addition.

After hearing that they would be escorting a prisoner destined for Tantalus, these officers restrained me with everything they had. Cuffs, blindfolds, gags—the entire package. It could probably kill normal people from asphyxiation.

And because I’m a normal human, I am about to run out of breath. Help.

The officer didn’t lower his guard, even against the prisoner who lacked the freedom to strain his lungs. He couldn’t ever let his guard down. After all, it was a prisoner that was to be sent to Tantalus, the worst prison in the land.

The prisoner probably wasn’t extremely dangerous, since he had been entrusted to a low-ranking officer like himself. Even then, he couldn’t slack on his job. Not for the sake of duty, but for fear of his life.

Well, he would’ve been fine if he had taken his time.

I couldn’t untie myself from the flimsy rope. Much less these sturdy restraints.

“I’m opening the door!”

The damn officer remained vigilant. He quickly retreated after opening the back door of the vehicle. Tensing up, he gripped his baton and aimed it at the prisoner.

As the door opened, the wretched criminal revealed himself to the world again… Still trapped in his restraints, rolling around on the floor.

Slightly relieved by the sight, the officer began to approach. Then, he suddenly raised the steel rod high above his head. As I read that thought, I let out a cry that would go unheard.

‘Hey, wait. Sto—’

“Urk!”

The baton struck deep into my stomach. I let out a painful cry at the piercing blow that reached my bones, but it didn’t make it past the gag. I got decimated by the baton, unable to retaliate.

As if he were confirming his kill, the officer struck several more times, satisfied with my reaction.

「It looks like his restraints are completely intact. I won’t need to worry about being attacked」

Feeling assured, the officer tugged the belt of the straitjacket. My helpless body, sprawled across the floor, slammed against the wall, and rolled on the floor. The officer raised a question in his mind as he witnessed my meek state.

「Huh? I thought he was supposed to be a criminal headed for Tantalus. He feels no different from any lowlife thug」

After reading the officer’s thoughts, I twisted my body in sorrow.

‘No shit. I’m not some criminal meant for Tantalus or some crazy terrorist. I’ve done nothing close to being recorded in history. All I am is just some back-alley swindler that can read minds!’

* * * *

I was playing cards with some dolts, getting them to put their houses on the line as usual.

It was a misconception that ‘gambling sucks’. If you had money, power, or something special like me, gambling was like sweeping money off the ground. There were plenty of idiots willing to bet their life savings for a couple minutes of thrill. To them, I was like the priest in the confession chamber, listening to their dirty desires. I just happened to take half the money I got from them instead of a tithe.

It was just like any other day, milking some fools of their homes. Suddenly, there was a commotion outside.

The neighborhood granny, who was always freeloading off my winnings, signaled to us. The idiot that I was handling cleaned up the table, rejoicing at the intervention. Putting aside my dreams of purchasing my own house aside, I hid the evidence and remained stationary as some soldiers I had seen before rushed in.

Soldiers on patrol and gamblers who had just finished cleaning the scene; it was a regular sight. And as usual, I slipped a small complimentary gift into the soldiers’ pockets.

At that moment, a soldier grabbed my wrist.

“In the name of the law, you are all under arrest.”

The guards that barged in arrested everyone there after beating them up.

The ‘State’ was a country way crazier than I had thought. I tried my absolute best to defend myself, but they threw me past the trials without any witnesses or evidence. It took less than a day for me to become a criminal. In a court with no jury, I was sentenced to Tantalus without any chance to defend myself.

My ability to read minds did nothing for me in the court. The soldiers claimed that we were plotting treason while pretending to gamble. The judge pounded his gavel despite being fully aware of the lack of evidence.

– Thud, thud, thud.

Guilty. Not a single voice was raised when the symbol of justice bowed to the floor thrice, apologizing for its injustice.

Logic? Fairness? If something like that existed, the Military State would never have raised a coup.

I was thrown to the cold, damp floor of a holding cell and hoisted to the worst prison in the world—Tantalus.

It depressed me to reminisce about the past while being tied up, but the officer showed no regard for my emotions and continued to drag me along the ground. Thanks to him, I was able to feel the earth with my entire back. Each tug caused the gravel and sand to tear through my back.

‘O Dear Mother Earth, your skin really is quite rough. We must moisturize it right away.’

As I raised a blasphemous prayer, the officer that was waiting at the sign spoke worriedly to the officer who had been dragging me.

“Inspector, is that okay?”

“What’s wrong with it? He’s a damn criminal.”

“No, I mean, he’s someone meant for Tantalus. Will we be okay? What if he escapes and—”

“We’ve blindfolded him since the very start. He doesn’t know my face or name.”

The inspector hoisted me up and dropped me onto the ground again. Slamming against the ground, I grit my teeth at the impact that shook my entire body.

‘I can read minds, you know that? Dear Inspector Evian of Edelphite. I’ll see you when I get out. I’ll take my revenge on you first.’

“And how will he ever escape from Tantalus? Quit worrying and send the telegraph.”

“I’m worried for you, sir. You heard about the rumors of an incident at Tantalus that time. If this guy breaks out…”

“If he could break out of Tantalus, he would’ve escaped from our escort vehicle. Stop wasting time. Let’s hand him over and head back. Even a single trip here is one too many.”

“I’ve sent the telegraph. If we just wait for the reply…”

At that moment, the white arrow painted on the metal sign shook. The two officers and I tensed up. For some reason, the arrow—which should’ve been nothing more than a painting—was rattling like crazy, as if it were affected by an isolated earthquake. We all stared silently at the sign. The arrow continued to tremor, and it began spinning around and around until…

It pointed at the ground.

Clank.

The sound of something shattering reverberated.

The officers stared at the scene before their eyes and doubted what they saw in their minds.

The place that had been nothing but an ordinary wasteland moments ago now had an endless and bottomless abyss that carved itself into place.

The abyss was incomparable to anything.

An open plain. In the middle of a sandy land without any vegetation, a bottomless hole existed for no apparent reason. It was too large and deep to be an artificial trap, and it was also too unnatural-looking to be called a natural land formation.

The officers and I—after reading their minds—questioned if it was a hallucination, but the darkness that only a true void could produce firmly supported its reality. The officers gazed into the abyss, speechless.

As they pondered whether they were in a dream or not…

「Verified」

A monotonous voice emerged from the sign. As the officers freaked out in response to the voice of unknown origin, the sign carried out its task in a mechanical manner.

「Completion of Mission Monitored. Please complete the task by handing the prisoner over to us」

The officers saluted the sign. It was almost a humorous sight, but they were petrified; as if they believed that the sign was responsible for creating the abyss in front of their eyes.

“I-I am Inspector Evian of Edelphite. Where shall I lead the prisoner to?”

「Your job is to escort the prisoner to Tantalus」

Tantalus.

The prison of the abyss that gods created to seal the titans.

It had obviously borrowed its name from the myths, but I wouldn’t have doubted that the darkness in front of me was the real deal. The officer gulped as he gazed down into the bottomless pit.

“D-Do we need to go down with him?”

「There is no need for you to accompany him. I shall leave the method of transport to your jurisdiction」

‘Hey, sign. Hold up.’

The officer grinned. No need to accompany him. He had figured out what that meant.

In fact, he had been filled with the desire to toss me into the hole from the very start. The sign simply justified his plan in a lawful manner.

“Hey, get his legs.”

The other officer realized what he meant and hesitantly grabbed my ankles.

“I-Is this okay? There’s no way he’d survive the fall…”

“Who cares? We’re tossing him into Tantalus because he’s an irredeemable piece of shit. What does it matter if he dies?”

‘Wait, sir. Sir. Please. Calm down. I swear I’ll be good. I’ll read fewer minds and swindle a little less. At least lower me with a rope or…’

“Even so…”

“Do you want to carry him down there? Huh?”

The other officer was too frightened to perform such a task. He hoisted me up by my legs. I tried my best to resist, but I couldn’t do anything in the tightly secured binds.

They matched their breaths as they swung me side to side. One, two, one, two. I swung higher as I went from right to left. And on the third swing, I reached the peak. They let go, and a complete sense of overwhelming freedom filled my body.

…Oh.

And so, I plunged into the bottomless abyss.

TLN: The prison is called ‘Tantalus’, an inhabitant of Tartarus, despite it having the same description as ‘Tartarus’ itself. Tantalus attempted to serve his own son at a feast with the gods, which infuriated Zeus and thus he was imprisoned in Tartarus where he was punished. The reason why the author chose Tantalus instead of Tartarus is because just like Tantalus who was caught by Zeus and sent to Tartarus, our protagonist was also captured and sent to an abyssal prison. Now you can say he could have used the names of other convicts of Tartarus, but it seems to have been a personal choice on his part since both Tantalus and Tartarus sound similar.





༺ To the Depths of the Abyss ༻

Pain engulfed my body, as if every part of it had been beaten repeatedly. I winced as I tried to stand up.

It hurt everywhere. My limbs were bruised and sore, and I could feel the crunch of sand in my dry mouth. Rubbing my sore eyes, I looked around, but all I could see was darkness.

There was a faint light from afar, but it was nowhere close to illuminating the world.

Groaning and scratching my head, I realised something strange.

‘Weird. Who took off my straitjacket? I was definitely tied up when I was tossed in here…’

I was bound and unable to move a single finger, blindfolded, and gagged. Without any freedom of movement over my body, I was flung into the abyss.

Although I tried my best to escape even as I fell, the military’s bindings weren’t something somebody like me could break loose from.

I mean, it’d be weird if someone like me was able to destroy an invention designed by the very best scientists.

I gave up, exhausted from my attempts to move in the straitjacket.

‘Mother Earth should have ended me in a single blow. But I survived? Even though I fell for hours without anything to cushion my fall? No, before that… This is supposed to be the abyss, a place born from Mother Earth’s curse. It’s supposed to be a bottomless void, so how am I standing right now?’

A bottomless abyss and a floor. These two things were paradoxical. A place that had such contradictions shouldn’t exist, even just by envisioning those words together.

After pondering for a moment, I realized that there could only be one conclusion. There could be nothing else other than that.

“Ah, I died and arrived at hell.”

「No, this is not hell」

“AAAHHH!”

The voice came from directly behind me. My legs gave out in surprise. Trying my best to control my fear, I shouted at whatever it was that stood before my eyes.

“Who is it?!”

Two round lights shone in the dark. A figure as faint as a ghost was staring at me.

It was undoubtedly inhuman. If it weren’t, I would’ve been able to read its mind. What could it be, then? A ghost? An animal? Or a hellspawn?

As I trembled and awaited a response, the pair of eyes approached me. My eyes had adjusted to the dark, and I began to discern a silhouette.

Recognizing what it was, I called out its name.

“A golem?”

Not a ghost or beast. Hellspawn… maybe that wasn’t too far off.

The creature in front of me was a military-grade magic golem made by the hellish rulers of the State. It seemed to resemble a human, constructed with only cubes and cylinders. The golem stared at me with its marble eyes. A speaker in the golem’s mouth relayed a message that was being read aloud.

「This is Radioman Captain Avey speaking. As of today, you have been assigned to the Education Sector, and you must follow our tasks under our jurisdiction」

A magic golem that could sync with its user, allowing it to be controlled from afar. It was a tool that the Military State often employed due to its ease of use and versatility. Looking at the golem, I let out a lament.

“Golems can come to hell too? Tsk, tsk… Just how many people did you kill? I guess you can only blame the fact that you were born in the Military State.”

「This is not hell. If you cannot believe me, I suggest you take another look around」

I listened to the golem’s advice.

The floor was made of concrete, which was easily found in the Military State. Who the hell knows what was underneath, but the concrete layer was firmly keeping his current world afloat. Obviously, no vegetation could be seen. Colorless, artificial constructs took their place instead.

I looked up. Not even a single ray of light or patch of blue resembling the sky could be seen. It was only pure darkness—one that not even night could create. A light-devouring darkness, only forgeable by the absolute void that rested above.

Lowering my eyes again, a familiar structure greeted my eyes.

A searchlight waved back and forth, lighting up the dark. A beam of light scattered across the concrete ground. And the moment it grazed my foot, every single searchlight jerked to focus on me.

The artificial lights glared, as if they were trying to burn me alive. Trying to shield the light with my hands, I gazed upon a gigantic construct I didn’t notice earlier.

A cubic, five-story building designed with purely a purpose in mind. The concrete, reinforced by steel plates, had lights scattered across its walls to locate any escapees. A large light hung above, but it did nothing to replace the sun. I couldn’t see ten meters in front of me without the searchlights.

An island isolated from the earth.

The symbol of the Military State that I had only ever seen from afar was now to be my home.

Standing unflinchingly in the rays of light, the golem’s speaker buzzed once again.

「Do you understand your situation now?」

I slowly nodded.

It appeared that Tantalus was a place worthy of being notorious as the legend of the Military State.

“What a fucking country. They constructed a floor at the bottom of the abyss just to build a prison.”

It was to be expected of the Military State. No other place would do something as unhinged as building a prison from the bottom of the abyss.

The golem heard my muttering.

「You should watch what you say」

“Watch it? You locked up someone innocent here. Do you expect me to salute and bow down?”

「We are running out of time, so I will brief you on your duties. I advise that you listen carefully. If you don’t wish to die, that is」

The golem cut me off as I was about to continue my mockery.

When my mouth closed, the golem resumed talking.

「You are currently in the Security Level 5 Mental Education Facility, Tantalus」

‘Mental Education Facility’ was the State’s other name for prisons. According to them, using words like ‘prisoners’ and ‘criminals’ was bad for society based on some studies. As such, they called prisons ‘Mental Education Facilities’, and its prisoners were called ‘trainees’.

It was a bad joke at best, and censorship of language at its worst.

Not that the State would ever admit to either.

「Tantalus is a facility meant for trainees of high danger rankings. Because of their dangerous abilities and violent nature, the trainees were supposed to be prepared for rehabilitation within the facility」

“‘Were’?”

「However, due to an unfortunate incident, a majority of trainees have escaped」

“What?”

‘Escape? They escaped the abyss?’

Leaving my rebellious behavior behind, I tried my best to concentrate on the golem’s words. I couldn’t read a golem’s mind, so I put all of my concentration into analyzing the Radioman’s speech and choice of words.

The fact that dangerous criminals had escaped Tantalus—probably to wreak havoc on society and its participants—was none of my concern.

Who gives a shit if this garbage country falls into chaos?

What was important was that a ‘jailbreak’ had occurred. That word implied that it was possible to escape from the bottom of the abyss.

“How’d they get out?”

The golem stared back before replying.

「That information is not accessible to you」

“Tsk.”

‘I guess there’s no way a Radioman of the military would be loose-lipped.’

I wished dearly that I could read the golem’s mind. Unfortunately, I lacked the ability to read the electronic signals passing through the mic.

And so, it was time to do it the old-fashioned—and boring—way.

I signaled for the golem to keep speaking.

「A majority of the trainees caused a riot and slaughtered the containment unit. After taking over Tantalus by force, they escaped at once. The State is currently chasing after them and plans to recapture and punish them as soon as possible. However, three model trainees did not assist in the barbaric act and chose to stay in the facility」

‘Model trainee’ was the State’s term for an exploitable fool. It meant that only cowards were left in this prison.

It was ironic that the most famous prison in the world had become the shelter of such cowards.

「But due to the riot, the facility had been severely damaged, and all of the management had been slaughtered. We would like to avoid leaving trainees unattended in our facilities. That is why you have been brought here」

“Oh, I get it.”

‘Now I finally understand. Even if I was framed, there was no reason to put someone like me in Tantalus. I was wondering why the city was full of soldiers. What had just happened to me all makes sense now. So, in other words, they ran out of people and brought in tons of low-time criminals like me to use as workers?’

Using prisoners to take care of other prisoners seemed to be the State’s favorite thing. Nobody cared if criminals died, so they filled in gaping holes with people like me.

Anyways, the key thing I learned was that I might be trapped, but I was free in here. There was nobody present that would prevent me from doing something.

‘If there is no warden, and the only worker is me, what will they do to stop me from lazing around or building a bomb?’

“What if I don’t do my duties? Will you come down yourselves and beat me up?”

「That won’t happen. You’ll need to do your responsibilities if you want to survive」

The golem looked back at the prison as it finished talking. Amidst a couple searchlights, a small silhouette flickered from the closed doors.

The golem muttered.

「…They’re coming」

“‘They’?”

Ignoring me, the golem continued talking.

「The ones who stayed behind. We’re running out of time. I will now explain what you need to do. Please listen carefully…」

‘Carefully, my ass. It’s probably just doing the laundry or mopping the floor.’

I stretched my back and relaxed.

‘Three prisoners, was it? That’s doable. Maybe if some of them were real stupid, I’d be able to swindle them too. Even if they’re criminals locked up here, if they were scared enough to not break out, they must be really meek and passive. I may be a low-time criminal, but I spent days in the back alleys. Along with my mind-reading powers, not many people managed to have their way with me. Plus, I may not be strong, but I’m a smart guy. I’ll take over this place if I need to.’

As I was cheering myself up, the golem finished its sentence.

「Survive」





༺ Thirteen Is Too Many, Even If It’s the Number of Times One Goes Back in Time༻

「We won’t interfere, no matter what you do. Your actions are of no significance to the State. Your duty is to fill up the head count. Of course, it would be unfortunate for both of us if you died」

The golem’s news was puzzling.

‘I don’t need to do anything? The State—who brings in not only criminals but regular law-abiding citizens into their labor camps—doesn’t have something for me to do?’

I could not rejoice, since I knew the State too well. Unorthodox actions meant that I needed to find the hidden meaning within them.

I was about to question the golem, as I felt anxious from the news.

However, the prison gate swung open with a roar, and something sprang out at lightning speed. As the being made it past the garden, the alarms blared, and the searchlights began their attempt to track down the escapee.

Yet it was meaningless. She ran so swiftly, the searchlights couldn’t even catch her shadow. The moment the lights attempted to illuminate their target, the girl had already landed in front of me. Both the golem and I were speechless at the abrupt entrance.

A second later, the girl barked as she wagged her tail.

“Woof! Hello! Hello!”

Triangular ears and a puggy golden tail that swayed side to side. Her large eyes contained nothing but affection and joy as they stared at me. Her luscious locks swayed back and forth.

A descendant of a bloodline that shouldn’t have been bred over a millennia ago. It was a dog demi-human.

The dog-girl was crouched down on all fours, gazing upwards at me from around my ankles.

‘What’s going on?’

I held up a hand half-heartedly.

“Uh… Hello?”

“Hello! Hello! Hello!”

She jumped up and down in response. There was no desire to attack, and her tail was indicative of that. Rather than a person’s behavior, it was akin to that of a well-trained dog.

In response to the pure-hearted and innocent behavior, I was unable to feel even the slightest suspicion one would normally have when meeting people for the first time.

And that was why it took me longer than usual.

The fact that a being that I had seen for the first time held affection for me.

And that I, a mind reader, couldn’t make out what this creature was thinking confused me.

“Let’s play! Play! Play!”

“What? Why would I?”

“Woof! Let’s play!”

The dog beast-human dove her face towards the ground and sunk her teeth into the hem of my pants. As I was about to shake her off—puzzled—I was knocked off my feet by a force akin to that of being tied to a carriage moving at full speed.

The leg that supported half the weight of a grown man flew off the ground without any resistance. I fell to the ground, and the dog beast-human who ran out dragged me with her jaw.

– Thunk, thud.

My body bounced up and down at an incredible speed as if I were a rock being skipped across a river’s surface; as if a wagon with several horses dragged me along by one leg.

The pain caught up to me moments later.

“AAAAAUGH!”

I expected terrible things from Tantalus, but I didn’t expect to be dismembered right off the bat.

Especially not from someone who appeared to like me!

Trying to grab onto something was futile; a much higher force snatched them out of my hand. The friction began to singe my clothes. Droplets of blood from my skin, decimated by the rough surface, made a trail on the ground.

‘I’ll die. I’ll actually die at this rate.’

I waved my arms as best as I could and shouted.

“Wait! Stop!”

“Woof!”

A miracle followed.

The dog demi-human, who had the power to pull me by their jaws, stopped at my request. Without a moment of hesitation.

I was completely shocked.

“Huh? She listened to me?”

Regardless of whether a person could read minds or not, most people would probably have experienced that there were way more people who ignored what they said than those who listened. Especially if it was to prevent them from doing something they liked.

But the moment I made an order, this girl followed without a shred of hesitation.

What’s going on?

Confused, I tried to read the girl’s thoughts again.

Yet I couldn’t.

「WAIT? WAIT? WAIT, WAIT!」

To be exact, I could make out what she meant, but I couldn’t exactly pinpoint her thoughts. It was as if I were reading a book in another language I barely knew. I could only make guesses from the mood and emotions associated with the thoughts.

‘Is she… not human?’

Someone who waits on another’s command without any doubts or hesitation. Just like a child… No, in the sense that they didn’t even question the order, they were like a dog. A loyal, well-trained dog.

Yet their appearance was that of a human girl with dog ears and a tail, and their strength easily surpassed that of any grown man.

If she wasn’t a mentally ill demi-human that believed herself to be a real dog, was she…

“A Beast King?”

Ever since the two-legged humans became the ruling mammal of the lands, the Beast Kings gained the bodies of human beings. They wore the bodies of humans, talked like people, and became the diplomats representing their respective races towards all of humanity.

However, their essence was that of a king. A king of animals.

The dog-girl in front of me was the king representing all dogs of the world. She was ‘Azzy’.

“Fucking hell. A Beast King is a sacred entity. Why is one locked up in prison?”

In Tantalus, at that. Of all places in the world. Had the State completely lost their marbles?

As I was about to turn back to the golem to protest this ridiculous situation, I heard a thought from deep within the prison walls.

「…I sense the scent of blood」

Every hair in my body stood up and I froze. The blood droplets flowing down my wounds quivered. Darkness engulfed me. Unable to even move my head, I watched through the corner of my eye as my blood moved.

The blood on the concrete vibrated and began rolling off like marbles. They didn’t even leave a trail in their motion. As if the floor were a sheet of ice, the drops of blood made their way into the dark, gaping doors.

I felt a remarkable sense of satisfaction from behind those doors; the feeling a predator got once they bit deep into the flesh of their prey.

…And I trembled, realizing that the feeling was a response to my blood.

「…Such a muddled taste. I’ve not considered myself to have a picky tongue, but this blood is not something I can stomach」

Complaining about the taste of the blood you stole. For someone in prison, their palate is strangely refined.

Yet I couldn’t voice a single one of my complaints.

There wasn’t a need to read the mind of whatever dwelled behind those doors to understand its origin.

A vampire who had lived a millennium and would continue to exist until she was erased.

The Queen of the Sanguine. The Progenitor of Vampires.

Tyrkanzyaka.

The oldest vampire who had barred herself in the abyss after countless quarrels with humankind.

“Fucking hell…”

No criminal could compare to those two. The Dog King was a sacred being that surpassed regular animals, and the vampire was a monster that could rival the Beast Kings. Beings that one couldn’t fathom meeting in their mundane lifetime.

Though I felt fear towards the sheer scale of the events unfolding in front of my eyes, I also felt relieved.

Thankfully, the two beings were either friendly or apathetic towards human beings. The Dog King adored humans, and the vampire would keep me alive as a blood pack. As long as I didn’t offend them too heavily, they would spare my life.

Maybe I could even turn them to my side…

At that moment—

“Fly.”

A strong yet sharp voice cut through the silence. It was a voice with enough glamour to turn heads on the street, yet it was laced with malice.

As I read the mind of the person who possessed the voice, I flung myself as far away from the golem as I could.

“Chun-aeng.”

A fracture in space.

In a realm of only light and dark. The two powers warped as if trying to consume the empty space. A diagonal crack formed in the darkness. Sparks flew from the cut into the air until a spear of lightning irradiated the abyss. An imperceptible blade had completely split the golem in half.

The magic that fueled it, the intricate gears and circuitry, the apotheosis of human creation—had ceased function.

The golem lost its light as it was cleaved by a single strike.

The halves parted as they slid in different directions towards the ground.

Crackle.

With a simple affricate sound, the golem’s body slumped.

It was such a clean cut that the cross section could’ve been part of a diagram on the golem’s blueprints. I wondered if putting the two parts together would bring it back to life. But the orbs of the golem never regained their light. The remote-controlled golem’s lifespan ended there. A second of static persisted from the mic before it went silent.

A voice comparable to a sharpened blade spoke in place of the golem.

“There’s more golems? This is almost as bad as cockroaches. Hopefully, this is the last one.”

A girl with short-cropped, black hair and loosely fit clothes walked up to me. The girl snatched the invisible blade out of the air and scowled at the remains of the golem.

A few seconds later, her eyes switched their focus to me.

“Now… who are you?”

My instincts blared red flashing lights, screaming that I would die if I didn’t act fast.

I subconsciously used my powers to read her mind as thoroughly as I could—as detailed as I could.

She wasn’t a special person.

She was born in an orphanage, grew up in the back alleys, and died after being exposed to the usual violence, sickness, and crimes that occurred in the slums. An extra so common that they would take up less than a paragraph to describe.

She lost her head to a wandering swordsman when she tried to learn the sword and was reduced to ashes by a mercenary mage when she attempted the path of arcane. No matter what she did, she remained talentless. An average person who couldn’t succeed, even if given the opportunity.

The only difference was that she could try an infinite amount of times.

…Huh? Did I read that right? I don’t understand.

She overcame her lack of talent with five deaths and gained the technique to challenge a swordmaster.

During her other seven lives, she studied magic and gained enough magic power to grasp at the feet of the strongest mages.

Of course, she had merely stepped foot into their realm. She would be utterly defeated if she were to challenge them directly.

However, that was not the end.

“Answer me.”

The girl retrieved Chun-aeng, the Aerial Blossom. The legendary blade that could only be obtained in the highest mountain. The blade—which resembled the sky and couldn’t be retrieved by anyone besides those who could see the future—resonated in her hand. She pointed Chun-aeng at me.

Having already conquered death thirteen times, she was a being who regressed to save the world.

Shei, the Regressor, gazed at me as she held her invisible blade.

“If you don’t answer… I’ll kill you.”

In order to become stronger. To stop the end of the world. And to achieve eternal rest..

The regressor had arrived in the abyss, in search of power.

She was genuinely weighing the value of my life, deciding whether to kill me or not. Wondering which option would be the correct choice to take in ‘this run’.

If she deemed me worthless, she would eliminate me to get rid of ‘variables.’

“…Sigh.”

One could run faster than light.

The other could control blood from several hundred metres away.

And the last could destroy a military-grade golem with a single strike.

Despite the existence of these monsters, I felt relieved.

I waved my hands high in the air as a sign of greeting.

“Hey there, everyone!”

‘Yeah. The people left in Tantalus are all insanely strong. They can probably exterminate several thousand of me in a few seconds. They all have the ability to do so.’

So what?

Since when did I need to be strong to survive? I wasn’t even close to being the strongest in the back-alley dump I spent over ten years in.

But in the end, I was the one who survived.

The superhuman capable of crushing boulders with his fists lost his head to the swordsman who could slice steel. That swordsman burned to death in a trap set by a random mage. That mage then died of poisoning after drinking from the wrong cup.

Only I, the mind reader, could kiss up to the swordsman, avoid the mage’s trap, and pick out the unpoisoned cup, thus securing my life.

It was the same game here.

Even if I was playing with monsters, as long as I could read their thoughts…

If I played along with their pride, avoided their sensitive triggers, and built up trust…

What reason would they have to kill—No, what reason would they have to let me die?

‘I had lived my entire life swindling people in the alleyways. Nobody could catch people’s attention and manipulate them as well as I could.’

Those were my thoughts as I shouted out into the sky, waving my hands in the air.





༺ I Gazed into the Future, but There Was Only… ༻

“Everyone, Tantalus is safe! I’m your ally!”

I shouted with full confidence in what I uttered, but the Regressor snickered at my heartfelt speech.

「Our ally? Don’t shit me. Does the State consider anyone as their allies?」

‘Hm, she doesn’t trust me. Let’s try to create a positive impression. All girls love animals, right? If that’s the case…’

I grinned as I shifted my focus to the Dog King.

I kicked the broken golem, and a magic orb popped out of the golem’s eye, rolling on the floor. I flicked the orb up into my hands with the use of my foot, and proceeded to toss it up into the air repeatedly.

“Woof! Woof!”

The Dog King wagged her tail as she approached.

Although her body was like that of a human, her heart was that of a canine’s. She wouldn’t be able to resist the urge to play with a ball.

The Dog King fixed her gaze on the orb, bobbing her head as I tossed the ball in my hand. I could feel the exhilaration from her perky ears and sparkling eyes. After sensing that I had gotten her attention, I threw the orb with all my might.

“Fetch!”

“Woof!”

The orb drew an arc in the air as it soared far away. At that moment, the Dog King slammed the floor as she took off to chase it.

Nothing could beat a ball when it comes to playing with a dog.

I put on an amiable smile as I shifted my attention to the regressor.

“That’s a cute puppy. Did you guys raise her?”

‘This should lower her guard.’

I briefly looked at her with a sideways glance, gauging her reaction by reading her mind.

Let’s see…

「A… puppy? He’s treating the Dog King like a mere puppy?」

‘Weird. I was trying to loosen her up, but now she seems even more suspicious of me. Did I mess up? I thought people trusted those who were kind to animals… Let’s try it again.’

“Dogs are great creatures. They’re loyal and most importantly, cute! Not many animals besides the ones that we raise for food are as useful as dogs.”

「…He’s regarding a demi-human as inferior to humans. And what’s that about meat? Is he a racist human supremacist?」

‘Hm. I didn’t expect to increase the suspicion.’

Either way, I didn’t do anything like treating a demi-human as subhuman. The Dog King may look like a demi-human, but she is just a dog who looks like a human. What’s wrong with treating a dog like a dog?

You wouldn’t bow down to a queen bee. Likewise, you wouldn’t eat on the same table with the Dog King, would you?

“You see, I’m here to have a positive exchange with you all. I am…”

The first step to getting close to someone was having something in common.

‘I’ll be fine if I tell them that I had been captured as well. They wouldn’t be wary of me either.’

Just as I was about to utter these words, a thought emerged from the regressor’s mind.

「In a year, Tantalus will fall. The abyss will collapse and many lives will cease to exist. Only a handful will end up surviving」

…Wait.

What?

‘’Tantalus…Tantalus will fall?’

「Azzy the Dog King, and Tyrkanzyaka the Progenitor, they’ll survive the collapse…But they would become corrupted in the abyss」

‘On top of that, the Progenitor of Vampires who terrorized the world as well as the Dog King who stood for all dogs in this world… would become corrupted?’

「The apocalypse is set to occur in ten years, and the corrupted seeds of corruption will make it happen earlier. The two would then massacre innocents, bringing the world into an age of chaos. And…」

Ten years at the latest, if that forsaken day were to arrive, a true ‘apocalypse’ would occur.

And the world would come to an end.

After reading her mind, I was in shock.

When I was captured and thrown into Tantalus, I thought that I could somehow find my way out of this predicament. That—maybe—I could use my powers to suck up to the guards and prisoners, then try to create a favorable position until I would somehow escape.

Yet with what I just learned, my plan was in shambles.

The despair-ridden future had been preordained. If oracles saw an unchangeable end to all things, it’s no wonder that so many of them went mad or ended their own lives.

…What do I do?

「And in none of the futures I experienced have I ever met this man」

‘Well, duh. I’m just a regular, low-time criminal. Why would I ever get involved in a fight with a scale so large? You’re really too wary of people…’

However, the next thought I read completely changed my outlook on the situation.

「In the previous attempt, when I had arrived at Tantalus as soon as it collapsed, this man was nowhere to be seen. All I saw were corpses filling the abyss」

The regressor glared at me as she continued thinking.

「A man who arrived in Tantalus so late… could be the seed of corruption. He could also have been a casualty… but one thing’s for sure. This man doesn’t exist in any future I’ve experienced」

So, to summarize:

This world ends in ten years.

And I’ll die in the abyss even before that happens.

“Ha…hah…”

A bewildered chuckle slipped out of my mouth.

My life had just been spoiled for me.

Not only that, considering that I would die in Tantalus, there was no way my death would be peaceful.

I had successfully foreseen the future by reading the regressor’s mind.

Practically like the oracles.

However, I was different from them.

I had the regressor in front of me. The one who could traverse time and alter the past to make a nonexistent future reality. Now that I had read her memories, I could change the future that contained my death. An ambiguous prophecy that could be changed by man.

‘Relax. Keep smiling. Use it as my mask and go forth. Nothing’s changed. When have I ever been sure of my life? I made the strong my ally, and ran away if I needed to face them. What I used to survive was not power, but knowledge.’

The colossal enemy known as fate was the same. I didn’t need to fight it. I just needed to make sure I didn’t incur its wrath.

Thankfully, I had all the necessary tools at my disposal.

The Progenitor of Vampires, the Dog King, and the Regressor.

‘I’ll become close to them, craft a friendship, and make sure that they protect me instead of trying to kill me. I’ll survive, no matter the cost. Alright. I know what I need to do now.’

In a previous timeline, I probably told them the truth; that I was a worker and had been captured by the Military State, and that I wasn’t their enemy. I probably tried my best to stay inconspicuous because it was the best thing I could do.

However, now that I had the chance to see the future, it’d be idiotic to do the same thing again. I had to do something drastically different in order to arrive at my desired future.

‘Let’s trick fate. I’ll become a different man, one that fate has never accounted for.’

I held my head up straight and shouted.

“Because I’m a warden sent by the State, here to oversee and teach you trainees!”

“A warden?”

The regressor asked with a sharp gaze.

Impersonating the military was a grave crime in the Military State.

But who am I to care? I’d rather get arrested for impersonation than die within a year.

I had already chosen to proactively change the world. If I was going to poke my head into all these affairs, it would be nice to have a name for myself. I continued my lie without any remorse.

“Indeed! Dear trainees, due to your dangerous abilities and violent conduct, you were scheduled to receive rehabilitation to rejoin society in Tantalus. However, an unfortunate event has deterred our duties!”

Reciting the information from the golem, I continued my facade.

“Following the massive prison break, the State has determined that the re-education of the trainees of Tantalus is of utmost urgency. That is why they have deployed me here! I will stay here and oversee you all!”

Let’s start off on the other foot.

My path has only changed slightly. However, even this would change the future in the long run. Starting with my situation right now…

‘But wait, if we’re talking about variables…’

I grimaced as I stared at the regressor.

‘She’s also a variable… that was absent from Tantalus in the previous timeline, isn’t she? Did I actually need to do something? Should I have just stayed silent?’

When I was beginning to regret my rash decision…

“A warden… So that’s who you are.”

A cold ray of bloodlust pierced through me.

‘Huh?’

In that split second of confusion, she had already gripped Chun-aeng. Almost like a reflex, her instinctive hatred towards the State became a spear pointed right at me.

‘I messed up.’

Knowing that she had the ability to go back in time, I overestimated her. Her cold gaze was not a calculating, analytical stare.

It was one of apathy.

The fact that she had gotten stronger after experiencing thirteen different lives also meant that she had died thirteen times.

She was a walking lump of PTSD.

And in seven of those thirteen lives, she had been killed as a result of the State’s actions and sought vengeance against them for those lost lives.

「I’ll kill him」

The bloodlust soared to undefinable heights. It was a change in emotion so drastic that it could almost be described as bipolar.

‘I mean, I guess it wouldn’t be weird to have a couple of mental disorders after dying thirteen times, but she was awfully quick to draw her sword. Not only that, but my right arm would be severed by her sword’s arc.’

「Let’s start by slicing off a limb and then I’ll torture him. I’ll squeeze out the answer as to what business the State has in an empty prison」

‘D-Did I just flick the self-destruct switch? Or is this that concept about preordained events?’

Whatever it was, what I was faced with now was a weightless blade that had been swung, aimed at my right shoulder.

Chun-aeng was a weightless, ‘width-less’ sword. Compared to its speed, my body was laughably slow. With a mere twitch of the regressor’s wrist, the invisible blade would extend.

I could already see what would happen next. The invisible blade would slice through my shoulder and my arm would drop to the ground. If I were a normal person, I would have lost my arm before I could even react.

However, I am a mind reader.

A moment before she swung, I began to ponder the best course of action.

‘Should I block it? No, she has the power of thirteen lives. If I tried to block it, the rest of my body would be sliced along with my arm. Dodge? No, the blade will be too fast.’

Even though I had the upper hand by reading her mind, her Aerial Blossom was too fast. At worst, it would change from losing an arm to losing my head.

‘What else can I do?’

Nothing.

‘Wait, I’m gonna die? I thought I had at least a year left, but I’m about to die within a minute…?’

I can’t let that happen.

‘I need to survive. I need to continue my worthless life somehow. I’ve done so much to stay alive. I’ve sunk to the lowest. I could go in the back alleys! I didn’t do all that just to die here!’

“Ugh!”

I lashed out my arms. It was a futile struggle, a last-ditch attempt at survival.

And those who seeked opportunities were the ones who received it.

「What?!」

– Cling.

A clear sound reminiscent of a bell’s hum echoed in my ears. Waves rippled across the invisible blade’s surface, and its altered trajectory aimed a hair above my shoulder.

A spark flashed across the surface of the invisible blade. Chun-aeng could cut even air molecules. The gasses clinged to the invisible blade’s surface, engraving a bolt of lightning into the air as they ruptured. A moment after the spark, the deafening roar of thunder assaulted my eardrums.

Every hair on my body stood up. I couldn’t tell if it was from the static or because I was terrified.

「He deflected Chun-aeng?!」

‘Huh? Did I survive? Arms, okay. Head, still attached. Pain, nonexistent…’

I lived. The Aerial Blossom missed.

‘Wait, no. Did I deflect Chun-aeng with my hand when I swung my arms?’

What exactly happened?

「He… didn’t even need to block it… And he changed the trajectory with only his finger? No way… He didn’t seem strong at all…! Was he hiding his strength?」

I read her mind and was able to understand what occurred.

I could see people’s thoughts. Whoever it was, I could see why and how they were going to attack. This was one of the few benefits of my useless ability.

When I read her intention to slice off my arm, I swung my arm instinctively. The only problem was that the regressor’s blade was as fast as my comprehension. Because of that particular overlap, the regressor’s blade barely touched the tip of my twitching finger.

It was completely unintentional, but Chun-aeng was a weightless sword. It curved at the touch of my finger and allowed me to prevent myself from being struck.

‘Wow… I did it. This is one of the biggest achievements in my life.’

Wait, back to the point.

The regressor sprang back, once again raising her blade. The level of caution was completely different from before as if she were about to face off against a deadly enemy.

‘Crazy bitch. Why the hell are you so afraid? Shouldn’t I be the one who’s afraid? I was just attacked out of nowhere.’

“…I messed up.”

‘No shit you did. I almost died.’

She continued to glare at me like a nervous cat that was backed into a corner.

“A warden sent to Tantalus would obviously have combat abilities necessary for the position… I apologize for underestimating you.”

“Aren’t you apologizing for the wrong thing?”

‘I’m thankful that she thinks highly of me, but this isn’t good. If I get marked as her “enemy”, my life in every timeline will be threatened. …Fuck. It’s so unfair and enraging that I was attacked out of nowhere, but we have to work things out here. We’re going to be stuck in the same prison for a couple more months.’

So, no matter how much I wanted to punch her in the face, I needed to head towards a positive relationship.

“You shouldn’t be apologizing for looking down on me. Instead, apologize for attacking someone out of the blue! Do you lack basic manners?!”

The regressor frowned at the sudden lecture. I shook my head, pretending to be disheartened by her reaction.

“I understand your suspicion. After all, something terrible happened just a few days ago… A riot led to a massacre in the facility. No wonder you lost faith in the State. Your lack of trust is part of my responsibility as an official who serves the country.”

「I never trusted the State in the first place. Who would trust a country like this?」

“However!”

‘I don’t either! Just go along with it!’

I Interrupted her thoughts.

“That does not justify your aggression towards me! What do you expect us to think of you when you display such hostile behavior towards someone who came to help?”

“Came… to help?”

“Indeed!”

The Dog King had just retrieved the ball and dropped it by my feet. She was wagging her tail, waiting for me to throw the ball again.

‘Ugh, you’re interrupting my speech.’

I aimed the orb directly at the prison this time.

“Fetch!”

“Woof!”

As the joyous dog-girl chased after the high-flying ball, I turned my attention back to the regressor.

“You all followed orders and did not escape the facility. They say the purest light emerges from within the darkness. Despite the chaos, you have all retained your morals. As a result, the higher-ups of the State have taken an interest in the progress of your rehabilitation.”

「Well, the Dog King was waiting for the ‘promise’, and the vampire was just sleeping. As for me, I just had some business to take care of in the abyss」

‘She always has an excuse, huh?! Just accept it. Accept what I’m saying, for Christ’s sake!’

She loved playing devil’s advocate. People like that would take any opportunity they received to come up with some way to counter anything other people would say. I didn’t give the regressor an opportunity to come up with a rebuttal.

“That is why I have been deployed! In order to support your re-education, the State has sent me!”

It wasn’t a complete lie. I was supposed to do manual labor here and the State did technically send me here. Although, what they were looking for was a worker whose life they could disregard.

‘But if I focus on talking about myself…’

“So I expect great things from everyone! Just trust me and follow my teachings, trainees!”

‘…It would make them think that I’m someone of greater importance than I actually am. And if everyone believes it…’

「I can’t make sense of this guy」

‘…I will truly become someone worth mentioning.’

“Woof!”

The Dog King approached me once more with the orb. No matter how far I tried to throw it, she would easily retrieve it. I just kicked the orb as hard as I could this time. My toes stung from the impact, but the orb went further than before. The Dog King panted as she chased after the ball again.

「That manner in which he treats the Dog King… and his ease in deflecting Chun-aeng… I can’t judge his strength at all. As of now… I don’t think I can take him on…」

‘Yeah, you wouldn’t be able to grasp my strength. A strength that’s as insignificant as an insect. It’s the life of a rat that you would never be able to imagine. The strong can never understand the weak. However, I know everything you’re thinking.’

Whatever it took, I succeeded. I clenched my fist in joy.

Humans still had animalistic instincts. If they faced the unknown, they would remain wary and afraid. Just as knowledge was power, the lack of it was a weakness. Staying away from the unknown was the fundamental law of survival.

‘She won’t attack me so abruptly like before.’

However, things would never proceed with such an attitude. I needed to stay on a neutral footing, at the very least. Putting on a soft smile, I held my hand out towards the regressor.

She flinched, almost cutting through my arm with the Aerial Blossom. If she had used more pressure on it, my arm would’ve been sliced like butter.

Yet, if I panicked here, I would display my weakness that could possibly be exploited. I pretended to be relaxed as I offered her a handshake.

“For good future relations, let’s shake on it, shall we?”

She glanced back and forth between my face and my outstretched hand before turning away.

“…Hah. Who knows what might be in your palm.”

“Hm? Weren’t you the one who attacked me? It’s strange that the person who swung their sword is acting like they’re the victim.”

Thanks to the regressor, I—who would normally only be able to read people’s minds—had just successfully read the future. Just like a prophet.

I would have inevitably perished had I not seen the future. But it’s different now.

They say that the future is shy, and it hides itself when seen.

Hopefully, it would never come back from hiding. I didn’t need a shy-but-feisty future to deal with when it might end up killing me.

“Then let’s perform introductions. You can call me the warden.”

I rapped my knuckle against my sternum as I introduced myself.

‘I’ll survive at any cost. Even if it means fooling fate itself.’

The regressor who had been so tense until now tossed her blade into the air before answering to my request.

“…Shei.”

At the same time, her inner monologue was whispered into my ears.

「I’ll observe him for now. At worst, I’ll just move onto the next run」

Thankfully, she had decided to just observe.

People who had lives to spare thought differently, I guess.

Despite thinking that I was a threat, she was willing to observe. Such was the flaw of someone who had too much leisure. Shei raised her brow as she concluded her thoughts.

「…It worries me to stay in the same facility as a frivolous man, but I doubt the others would give in easily」

‘What does she think of me? We have a literal dog and a corpse that’s been dead for a thousand years. Does she think I’d be interested in something like that? I’m not some gross pervert. I have normal tastes fit for a normal human.’

「And my crossdressing is perfect. I look perfectly like a guy, so it’ll be fine!」

Oh…

Huh. I see.

‘I need to live with a regressor who believes she’s passing herself off as a man for several months. This is going to be a pain.’

Mumbling within, I tried my best to maintain my smile.





༺ There Are No Bad Dogs ༻

Tantalus was a place that only detained the most nefarious criminals, or the strongest of beings, who couldn’t be contained within any other facility. It was a place that people entered endlessly, yet none ever left.

Considering how nobody came out, it was inevitable for the rumors about Tantalus to snowball.

Claims that the State was performing human experimentation in order to create a super soldier.

Or that mythological demons roamed the facility.

Or that everyone sent there was secretly executed.

I was able to look around Tantalus with my own eyes to confirm the authenticity of these rumors. Tantalus certainly lived up to its name.

The abyss. A bottomless hole cursed by mother earth herself. An inescapable chasm. Inside, there truly resided mythical, historical, and transcendent beings like the Dog King, the Progenitor of Vampires, and the Regressor.

According to the golem, a prison break had occurred, but I questioned that too. Just what did they do to escape this inescapable abyss?

Of course, there was evidence of an outbreak. Most of the walls were shattered, and bars that were bent like candy canes were sprawled everywhere. The signs that a massive riot had occurred were evident.

Yet, not even a single drop of blood could be found.

But I already knew the answer to that.

The Progenitor of Vampires, Tyrkanzyaka.

The oldest vampire that slept within the depths of Tantalus had complete mastery over blood. Any bloodshed would have been collected by her. It was likely done without her even realizing it, just as an apple was naturally drawn towards the ground.

Without blood, all that was left in the prison was the rubble.

Thinking that far, I murmured to myself.

“…Could the beings who remained here be the scariest of them all?”

It was an ironic yet frightening thought.

‘If this were a normal prison, I would have scoffed at the wimps who didn’t have the guts to escape… but I could clearly see that the only ones left were monsters.’

Tyrkanzyaka was known throughout history as the one who could match the great power of the sanctum itself, and the Dog King was amongst the strongest of the Beast Kings.

‘It’s a relief that neither of them had any malicious feelings toward humans. Or else, I would have lost my life the moment I stepped foot into Tantalus. Although, I don’t know how much longer I’ll be able to last…’

“Either way, there’s only one thing to do.”

‘They don’t hate humans and didn’t kill me, so there is only one thing I must do. I need to get on their good side so that if something happens in the future… they’ll take my side.’

After deciding on my goal, I began to move

‘The three prisoners left in Tantalus are the Dog King Azzy, the Progenitor of Vampires Tyrkanzyaka, and the Regressor Shei. Who amongst the three was the least dangerous and easiest to get close to?’

The answer was obvious. It was undoubtedly Azzy.

Even before history started being recorded, dogs and humans had been friends.

Dogs were loyal to humans from birth, and the representative of that species was loyal to all living humans. That was how the State was able to imprison a Beast King within Tantalus. Azzy was the kind of dog who would wait with bated breath in a cage forever if she was ordered to by a human.

If it were a different Beast King, like the Wolf King or Lion King, they would tear through the metal bars instantly. It was not a matter of strength, but a matter of how domesticated they were.

As to why Azzy was imprisoned by the State…

I don’t know, but I can easily guess why.

The Dog King Azzy was loyal to all humans.

That included not only the State, but its enemies as well. The State worried that if the resistance or neighboring forces got their hands on her, she might turn against them. So they put her in Tantalus, where they could retrieve her whenever she was needed.

“Hah, idiots.”

I couldn’t stop laughing at their idiocy. To think they would leave a weapon lying around in a storage unit for fear of their enemies using it.

‘I’ll show them. Weapons that anyone can use aren’t meant to be hidden.’

I picked up a lamp and opened the doors to the storage unit. Thick layers of dust flew off the boxes like fallen snow. Shoving away a couple of skulls that were in the way, I grabbed a few poles, a steel net, and firewood.

Upon closer inspection, the steel net was tattered at its ends, as if it had failed an attempt to capture some large beast. It had sharp hooks sticking out of the other side, and they were caked with dried flesh and bundles of fur.

…Let’s not pry any further.

The wooden poles had sharp hooks attached to the ends.

What the hell were they using all this for?

Whatever it used to be, I brought all the equipment out to the field.

I wiped all the flesh and fur off with an oil-soaked cloth, I delicately balanced it on top of the firewood like as if it were a grill. After finishing the preparations, I placed the lamp next to the wood and flicked my finger toward the pile.

“Bolt.”

The State’s magic, designed with nothing but practicality in mind, brought forth a flame. Sparks flew from my finger, and the mana-surged lamp began burning brightly.

I began opening a can as I watched the fire spread across the pile of wood. After I took off the lid, I saw a dry black lump inside of the can. After dipping it into the water, it began rehydrating at an extraordinary rate, growing into a piece of meat ten times its original size.

One of the seven great inventions of the Military State: the Military-Grade Compressed Can. It completely removed all moisture from the food, increasing the shelf life by twenty percent. It was processed using preservation magic, they even claimed that it tasted and smelled just as good as real, fresh meat.

At least, they claimed so.

Of course, like all s, it lacked some flavor and texture compared to the real meat, but it was more than enough to use as dog food. I placed the rehydrated piece of meat on the grill.

Meat as thick as this took an eternity to cook, but I didn’t really care, since I wouldn’t be the one eating it. I also doubted whether it would even matter to the person who was going to eat it. What truly mattered was the smell it emitted as it got cooked.

Leaving the meat on the grill, I rattled a bell I had brought back from the storage unit.

– Jingle, Jingle.

After a round of ringing the bell, I put it aside and continued to cook the meat. The burning flames appeared to be stealing the meat’s redness as it began to turn brown. Its succulent juices dripped onto the firewood and turned into smoke, wafting far away. The smell of cooking meat spread throughout the facility.

It was almost time. I shook the bell once again, then I heard it.

“Yummy smell! Food! Food!”

Despite speaking continuously, each syllable appeared to be said from drastically different locations. Azzy ran at a speed that was comparable to that of sound. Guessing the time it would take her to arrive, I tensed up my arm and lightly tugged on the net.

The fire exploded a moment later. Ash and smoke flew everywhere, cinders fell to the ground, and the remaining firewood roared with its newfound supply of oxygen. Azzy, who had jumped onto the wood in search of meat, flailed around in the fire.

“Woof! Hot! Hot!”

Without saying anything, I picked up a cloth and swung it at her. After beating off all the cinders, Azzy groaned as she picked herself up. Tears glistened in her eyes, and her fur was singed. Yet, as soon as she saw the meat in my hand, her eyes sparkled.

‘Nope.’

I stretched out my palm and shouted.

“Stay!”

– Flinch.

Azzy looked at my hand as she lowered her body. Her tail wagged frantically, and her eyes were restless. She twitched as if she really wanted to lunge at the meat, fortunately, I managed to hold out my palm forward before she became too restless.. Azzy whimpered as she stared at me, unable to move.

“Wait? How long?”

Instead of answering, I took out the bell and slowly shook it left and right. Intrigued by the new object, Azzy completely forgot about the meat and looked at my hand. I slowly swung it from side to side until she was on the verge of losing interest and shook it hard whenever she started to turn back to the meat.

– Jingle-Jingle

Once she had been made aware of the sound of the bell, I chopped a bit of the half-cooked meat and tossed it at her. Azzy caught it with her mouth despite the surprise. Even while she was chewing the meat, her gaze didn’t leave the bell.

Using the simulation training method, Azzy had completely understood the meaning of the bell. Now, it was time for a reward.

“Good job! Well done! I expected as much of you!”

Azzy’s eyes widened at the sudden barrage of compliments. Despite her confusion, I continued to praise her.

“You’re the ultimate dog! You can identify the bell! And you listen when you’re told to stay! You’re amazing!”

“Huh? I did good?”

“Yeah! You’re the perfect dog! You’re so lovely!”

I continued to praise her. Most people would have gotten suspicious by now, but Azzy was open enough to others that she responded to every compliment. She soon finished swallowing the meat and started shaking her head as she pranced around.

“Woof! Woof!”

“Right, Azzy! Should we play ball?”

“Awoooo!”

At this very moment, the Dog King looked like the happiest dog in the world.

I was grinning with malicious intent inside as I continued to clap my hands for her.

‘Witness this, State. Tools that anyone can use aren’t meant to be hidden. you just need to use them better than anyone else.’

I put the bell back into my pocket. It wasn’t quite enough yet. A single piece of canned meat wouldn’t truly reach her. However, after a day, a week, a month—if I kept showing her the sound of the bell and connected it to positive stimulus, the bell would become a remote that could control the Dog King.

‘Hehehe, just you wait. You guys think you’ve trapped me, but you’ve also given me time. Time to train the Dog King!’

“Hahaha!”

“Woof! Woof! Woof!”

Azzy didn’t seem to notice the ominousness in my laugh and instead barked along as she circled around my feet. She seemed to be itching in anticipation for the game of fetch that would eventually happen.

‘Alright. I’ll play fetch as much as you want. If a sore shoulder is what it takes to get closer to the Dog King, I’ll do it!’

As I was about to move to a more open part of the garden, I heard another thought.

「I was wondering where he was, but he was with Azzy? I can’t tell what this man wants to do」

‘Oh, that’s a surprise.’

The regressor had been closely following me. As I was about to turn my head to say hello—

「That’s fine. I’ll camouflage myself and sneak up on him. If he tries to corrupt Azzy, I’ll slice him right away」

I turned back, but there was nobody to be seen. I couldn’t sense any sign of a person.

Nevertheless, I could hear the thoughts of the crossdresser about 3 meters to my right. She appeared to be cautiously following me while crossing her arms. Acting like I didn’t notice, I turned my head back to face the front.

‘Oh, so you’re supposed to be camouflaged… I guess I’ll have to pretend that I didn’t notice…’





༺ Only Bad Owners ༻

Humans were mammals that used tools and had the ability to create tools and weapons from the the materials they found.

Before I went to get Azzy, I roughly sewed some tattered cloth I had found into a ball. It was a crude ball that probably wouldn’t have been used in a real game of baseball, but it was plenty to play fetch with a dog. I spun it around in my palm, and Azzy orbited around me as I walked.

Her body moved up and down, her eyes glued to the ball. While keeping her attention, I was able to bring her to an open part of the field.

In addition…

「While I hide myself under this veil of darkness, I’ll make sure to find out every dirty plan you have」

Resisting the urge to glance back, I continued to walk to the field with a strange being following me.

‘How troublesome. Why is she following me around? Doesn’t she have anything to do? What did I do this time?’

All I wanted to do was to train the Dog King using the ‘carrot’ and ‘stick’ method.

They said that the carrot and stick method was the best way to domesticate an animal. There was nothing weird about it. However, now that the regressor was stalking me, there was a limit to what I could do.

「The Dog King is one of the few Beast Kings that are friendly towards humanity. If the Dog King goes against humans like last time, we would be in a disadvantageous position in future battles. If he tries to do something to her… I’ll need to take him down. I don’t know how strong he is, but it must be done」

After reading her mind, I shoved the Military-Grade whip I had brought deep into my pocket. Shei probably wouldn’t like me using the whip.

The fundamental concept of training involved alternating positive and negative stimulation. A reward was given for listening to orders, and a punishment if they went against it. By imprinting feedback in specific actions, I could train her in my favor.

I was planning to use the ball and meat as the ‘carrot’, and the whip as the ‘stick’. However…

「If he tries to torture her or put her on a leash… I’ll give it my all to kill him」

I could feel the bloodlust from three meters away.

‘No whipping today, I guess. The lack of negative stimulation reduces the efficiency of training, but it’s better than me losing my head. Let’s stick with carrots today.’

After arriving at the field, I raised the ball high and shouted.

“Go!”

“Woof!”

As soon as I got into a throwing position, Azzy lowered her body to the ground, taking a stance to catch the ball. Her tail spun round and round like a propeller.

At first, I let the ball roll on the ground. Azzy dashed and drew a smooth curve as she retrieved the ball. Despite having human legs, she had no problem running on all fours.

I feigned excitement at Azzy as she returned.

“Good job! Azzy, hand!”

“Woof!”

“Alright, left hand!”

“Woof?”

‘Okay, so this doesn work yet. It’s fine. Don’t show disappointment. A dog doesn’t need to differentiate their left hand from their right.’

I pulled out another piece of meat I had cut off earlier.

“Alright! You can differentiate hands and feet! You’re the best Azzy!”

“Woof! I’m the best! Woof, woof!”

“Good dogs deserve a prize. Have a treat!”

I grabbed the piece of meat in my hand and held it out. Azzy shoved her nose into my hand as she tried to frantically dig into the meat. Almost as if she were searching for treasure, she kept sticking out her tongue into the obscured meat between my fingers.

‘Almost, almost.’

I kept pushing her to the edge as I shifted my fingers, barely keeping her away from the meat. Just as she was about to get frustrated and force her way in, I opened my palm wide and exposed the meat. Seizing the opportunity, Azzy quickly snatched the meat away.

She seemed to have thought of it as another game, so she satisfyingly yipped as she rubbed her chin into my hand.

「I guess… he’s just playing with her…」

It was a beautiful sight, as if out of a painting. An interaction between dog and man. A Beast King—a symbol of nature—was interacting with a human.

‘What do you think of that, regressor? It’s a perfect scene, right?’

「It’s almost like… he’s training an ordinary dog…」

‘What’s wrong with her this time?’

「The Dog King may be a dog, but they look like a regular dog-girl on the outside. Treating someone who looks human like a dog so easily… I better watch out」

I had never been more frustrated in my life. She had an issue with everything.

‘It’s normal to treat a dog like a dog. It’s strange to treat a dog like a human, treating a human like a dog is for weird perverts. Besides, if you treat another being as a human, they’ll try to take advantage of you. I’m speaking from experience. So the only thing that is right to do in the world is to treat dogs like dogs. I’m just doing the right thing here.’

I continued to feed Azzy treats and toss the ball. Shei watched my every move.

Repeated routines caused laziness. But Azzy was still focused on playing with the ball, rather than training. I needed to start using the whip soon, but the regressor wasn’t leaving.

‘Just how long does she plan to watch? If she’s done observing, I wish she’d leave. If you treat a dog too well, even the Dog King might become spoiled.’

No. I changed my mind.

Fate needed to be carved by my own hands. I couldn’t just wait for her to go away, that’s too passive. I could just chase her away.

Not by force, obviously, but I had other ways.

I shook the ball again. Azzy excitedly prepared herself to pounce on the ball.

“Let’s go again!”

“Woof!”

She jumped up and down. I let her retrieve the ball a couple times, and then, I tossed the ball straight towards where Shei was.

「Ugh!!!」

‘I can’t even see her. I don’t know how she’s hiding, but even though I know where she is, I still can’t see her. But as long as I know her general direction…’

“Fetch!”

“Woof woof!

「I-I don’t need to dodge. It missed, but…」

‘…I can keep her on her toes.’

Weirdos who used stuff like stealth or cloaking abilities were all stalking creeps. Their greatest fear was their existence being revealed.

‘You want to relax in that little veil of yours? Not a chance. Let’s give you a taste of your own medicine.’

“Azzy! Fetch!”

“Woof!’

“Good job. One more time!”

“Woof woof!”

“Wooh!”

“Awooo!”

Each time I threw the ball, Azzy happily dashed towards it. Shei flinched with anxiety each time the ball left my hand.

Azzy was completely unpredictable, flopping around everywhere as she ran. On the other hand, Shei had her hands full trying to move out of her way. She was too busy to worry about monitoring me.

As always, messing with people who weren’t the brightest was always enjoyable.

“Let’s goooooo!”

“Woof!”

The ball flew straight at the regressor this time. She stared at the speeding ball as she thought about her options.

「Shit! If I make any sudden movements, the ‘Veil of Darkness’ will dissipate!」

Sudden movements would end stealthing abilities. Shei, clenched her teeth, crouched down and quickly rolled on the ground. The ball swept past her head, and Azzy skipped her way towards it. The regressor let out a sigh of relief as she slowly stood back up.

「Phew, made it… but it’s getting dangerous」

‘Alright. My plan was a success. She’s slowly backing away.’

「Urk. I’ll have to leave for now. If he finds me here, he might become wary of me…」

I still couldn’t see her, but her thoughts began to fade away. It meant she had traveled a large distance away from me.

‘Phew. Now I’ll be able to train Azzy without interruption.’

「It’s fine. As long as I don’t get caught, I have plenty of opportunities to spy on him」

I heard a disturbing thought as the regressor walked away.

‘She’s going to try to spy on me again? Is that all she’s learned from her thirteen deaths?’

I wanted to run up to her and shout that I had seen through her stealth, but I resisted. It was better to hide the extent of my powers for now.

And just like that, the regressor vanished.

She probably had other things to do elsewhere.

My only company now was Azzy, who was running back to me with the ball.

“Woof! Woof!”

Getting impatient that I wasn’t throwing the ball again, she rolled the toy to my feet. She was urging me to keep throwing. I picked up the ball and directed a stone-cold glare at her.

“You like playing fetch so much?”

“Woof! Woof! I love it! I love it!”

Yeah? Well my shoulder feels like it’s about to fall off. And you’re just having fun, huh?

‘Nobody’s watching now. All that’s left between us is the law of nature. I’m a human, and Azzy is a dog. I am completely her superior. Just as oil rises above water and smoke floats to the sky, this was a natural occurrence. It’s called knowing one’s place.’

I pulled out the Military-Grade whip from my pocket.

“The fun ends here, mutt.”

“…Woof?”

I put the ball back in my pocket. Azzy’s eyes widened in complete disbelief, she appeared to be shocked that I no longer wanted to play with her.

I clearly drew a line.

“The fun’s over. You don’t get any more treats. Go back to your doghouse before I chuck you into the oven.”

“Bark! Bark! Bark!”

She began barking, wanting me to keep playing with her. I caught a slight sense of frustration in her howls.

‘I knew it. Dogs don’t know any better, they only wanted to indulge in pleasure forever. Words can’t persuade them, so humans came to use whips.’

I cracked the whip into the air. A small crack erupted where it struck the ground.

“Here’s the thing. Do you actually expect me to play with you all day?”

“Yep!”

“Wow. You act so entitled to it already.”

I raised the whip high. Today was the day the Dog King would be properly disciplined.

“I’ll change your way of thinking.”

Soon after, I swung the whip towards Azzy’s back.

The whip was not made by me. It was a Military-Grade whip, engineered by the State themselves. The State was notorious for making bad things, but the whip was one of their best weapons. It was a luxurious item that had steel plates woven into the hard leather and was a weapon that could be used in real battle.

The crack of the whip incited fear, and the steel plates brought forth pain. If used well, it was perfect for inflicting only pain without any serious internal damage.

‘Know your place with your new scars, and witness the greatness of humanity…’

“Arf!”

Then, Azzy moved.

Her head turned faster than the tip of the whip. She was so fast that I could only trace her movements as if I were watching a movie with a low frame rate. She looked directly at the approaching whip and chomped down the exact moment it was about to hit her. She tore through the whip with her teeth.

– Crunch.

Her canines tore through the whip made from hardened leather and plated steel that could have easily been used as a real weapon in war.

After chewing on it like bubble gum, she soon spat it out.

“Grrr. Yucky.”

I looked at what was left of the whip in disbelief.

Whips couldn’t be blocked with the body. When flicked, the tip of a whip surpassed the speed of sound, causing that signature crack. It would tear through one’s flesh if they tried to catch it recklessly.

However, the Dog King perfectly bit down on the tip of the whip headed towards her and bit it off.

If she could break off hardened leather and steel with the turn of her head…

“Grrrrrrrrr.”

‘Oh. She’s a dog, but she’s still the Dog King. Hm.’

I naturally put the whip back in my pocket and took the ball out again.

“…Normally, I’d stop playing here. But since it’s the first day, we can play a little more.”

“Grr…”

“Now, fetch!”

“…Grrr—Woof! Woof!”

Azzy perked up again as she went after the ball.

‘Alright. Let’s leave that part for later. I’ll play with her till she’s satisfied.’

I didn’t lose here. I was simply having so much fun with my dog that I decided to extend the playtime.

I’m showing generosity as a human by continuing to play with this dog.

‘Ah, what a great day.’





༺ The Sanguine Letter ༻

Life is like a book. One that begins with birth, and ends with death, the rest is filled with the time you have spent alive.

If we thought of it that way, my mind reading could be compared to reading a book. I could simply skim what was currently being written through the character’s current thoughts or just flip through the pages from start to finish.

If I wanted to, I could read it completely, from start to finish. However, it would take too long and could also pose a risk to me.

Amitengrad, the capital of the State, was a monster that grew by devouring nearby cities. The explosive growth of the city pushed everything else outward.

People, houses, money, and even culture.

All of the things that were pushed out had their own stories to tell, and I had met plenty of interesting people while living there.

Yet as they said, there was always something greater than you could ever imagine. Within the great underground prison of Tantalus, there resided prisoners far beyond anything I had ever experienced.

The Dog King.

The Progenitor of Vampires.

And a Regressor.

Beings who could obliterate a city by themselves. Their books were extremely unique as befitting of their strength. Azzy’s book was akin to reading cave scripture out loud. I could read it, but I couldn’t make sense of it.

It was jumbled. She didn’t care about concepts like left or right, or why someone would ever not toss a ball. Those types of worries didn’t exist in her book. She never thought about them, as if it were the most obvious thing in the world.

Maybe it is to be expected. Dogs certainly don’t think in the same logical manner that humans did. As long as I am a human, I would never be able to fully understand Azzy’s book.

I might be able to read her mood if I tried, but I could do that by just looking at her expression.

The vampire’s book was thick. As an ancient monster that had lived for over 1,200 years, the number of pages that exceeded a normal human’s by over a dozen times overwhelmed me. Even skimming it would be an ordeal.

Furthermore, it wasn’t only thick, but it was also packed full of crazy events. How she became a vampire, the history of discrimination, her time on the battlefield, her regime, her downfall, escape, and the time she spent sleeping… Judging from the names of the chapters, I couldn’t even dream of touching the rest of it. In addition to that, the style also changed according to the time period it was recorded in.

A historian might have fallen in love with it, but unfortunately, only I could read books of the mind.

And I am no historian.

Lastly, the Regressor.

Shei’s book didn’t fall under any of the aforementioned categories. The Regressor’s book… was a 14-long book series that shouldn’t exist.

Despite having met an end to her story, she continued on. Almost like a bad author dragging on a series, without any sign of it ending soon…

That was what got me confused.

I read it, but I couldn’t fully understand it.

She may live her current life, but all her experiences and strengths were from her previous lives. Her motives, enemies, and dreams were all already brought up in previous books.

Unfortunately for me, all I could read from her mind was the latest installment. The previous books didn’t exist in this world.

Imagine if you picked up the latest book of a series you have never read. You can’t really follow the story fully.

So, although I knew I would die in the future and the world would end, I couldn’t see the exact details. I could only predict it from her flashbacks or actions she had done in this life.

In order to find out, I needed to hear it from her own mouth…

Or force her to reminisce about her past.

“Ugh. Either way, I need to get close to the Regressor.”

Understanding my situation, I let out a sigh.

Not like it would change anything.

In a prison with nothing to do, people were naturally drawn to the field outside. I pushed open the steel bar doors and headed out into the field.

I was greeted by a peculiar sight.

“Tyrkanzyaka! I’ve come to meet you! Open the door!”

Shei was shouting in front of the underground armory with her arms stretched out.

The underground armory. It was a place meant to store the weapons that could subdue the prisoners in the case of a riot. It was made with three stages of security in order to access it.

Although in the case of Tantalus where they only kept prisoners they couldn’t handle, it stored something else. You could call it the strongest weapon of them all. Either way, it was a zone no normal prisoner should access. Execution was justified even for merely approaching it.

In front of the underground armory, the Regressor was performing some sort of peculiar ritual.

‘What’s she doing?’

I suddenly remembered that I had introduced myself as a warden.

‘Hmm. If I’m a warden, should I stop a prisoner from trying to get into the armory? I don’t want to lose my head though.’

The Regressor was like a terrorist—no, a mad scientist who performed experiments on the entire world. If things went haywire, she could always just move on to the next trial.

However, she would suspect me more if I didn’t perform my duties. If she believed me to be more of a variable than a warden, she may try to eliminate me.

‘Alright. Let’s stop her. She won’t actually kill me, right?’

I spoke out with an angry voice.

“Trainee Shei! Did you—”

「Tsk. He’s here. But I can’t let him stop me. If he does, I’ll have to get rid of him somehow…」

“D-Did you have a good night’s sleep? Good morning. It was my first time sleeping in a prison cell, but I slept well.”

Barely stopping myself, I started smiling as I approached her.

‘I didn’t think she’d actually try to kill me. Alright, from now on, I’ll let her do whatever she wants.’

“…Tsk”

As I continued to watch her with a smile on my face, the Regressor scrunched up her face and turned away. Fortunately, she had the courtesy to not spit in my face.

‘Alright, thanks. Good morning to you too.’

After exchanging greetings to myself, I walked towards the closed-shut armory doors.

“Screaming in the middle of the morning? Just what the hell are you doing?”

“That’s none of your business.”

“You want to meet the person inside?”

The Regressor clicked her tongue in frustration. It seemed that it was her way of saying yes.

“Why do you want to wake up someone sleeping so badly?”

“Don’t worry about it.”

“I can’t ask anything, huh?”

The Regressor was so wary of me that she didn’t try to take any actions while I was watching. It was quite annoying to deal with. Only the Regressor knew the answer to how the world would end or what exactly happened there. So, I needed the Regressor to think about the past while she was next to me.

However, with her current attitude, I doubted whether or not I would be able to get any information from her, even after a year.

‘Ugh. What to do…?’

I looked back in the direction of the armory.

Tantalus lacked weapons in its underground armory. Unlike other normal prisons, an outbreak was almost always impossible for the prisoners here. With no fear of the prisoners escaping, the facility didn’t allocate any weapons to subdue them. Instead, something else was placed inside.

The first vampire, the sinful beast, and the Queen of darkness.

The Progenitor, Tyrkanzyaka.

A palace and a prison for the vampire who refused light and slept deep underground.

This was the being that the Regressor was attempting to wake up right now. For me, the awakening of a being who feasted on human blood was not in my best interest. Especially since I was the only normal human around.

However, in the process of trying to get close to the Regressor, helping out with tasks like this would better our relationship.

What to do…

My hesitation was short-lived.

‘I’ll help Shei. The vampire won’t kill me. Now that everyone else is either dead or gone, I’m a precious commodity for the vampire. I doubt she would cut open the belly of the golden-egg-laying goose just to quench a moment of thirst. At worst, she’ll turn me into some half-dead drone to pump out blood for the rest of eternity.’

…It’s not the best future. But it’s better than dying.

Having made my decision, I made a proposition to the Regressor.

“Why don’t you break the doors down?”

“This door is under Tyrkanzyaka’s control.”

Looking in the direction she pointed, a glowing red bloodstain replaced the position where a keyhole should have been. I couldn’t read energies or auras, but even at a glance, I tell that it was something ominous.

“That blood engraving. As long as that stain glows red, the steel doors are akin to one of her familiars. It won’t open without her orders.”

“I’ll let it slide this time, so you can try to break it down if you want. Who knows? Maybe after a week, it’ll go down.”

“…It’s possible, but I don’t want to. I’m trying to ask Tyrkanzyaka for help, not to fight.”

‘Huh? I was just teasing her, but she can actually do it? Normal humans can’t slice through steel doors. This one in particular has a strength level of three and was strengthened by the State’s special alchemy. It wouldn’t budge even if it took a cannonball at point-blank range. But she’s claiming that she can break it down if she really wanted to? A human can break those doors if they really tried? At that point, it’s just rude to the person who designed it.’

“You have more common sense than I thought.”

“Obviously. Killing someone’s familiar is even ruder than breaking into their house.”

“Funny, coming from the person who tried to slice off my arm out of the blue.”

“What?”

“Nothing. I was just mumbling.”

Ignoring the Regressor’s suspicion, I began to think.

‘The alchemic strength level of a typical bunker is level three. If I use “that” it might work. Should I try?’

I dug through my pocket to find the item. It was the bell I had used to train Azzy yesterday.

“What’s that for?”

“It’s a dog bell.”

“A dog-what?”

It wasn’t too loud, but it would be clear to Azzy’s acute senses.

Normally, she would have ignored the sound of the bell. There were too many sounds in this world to pay so much attention to a single one.

However, Azzy spent the entire day training with the sound of this bell. That was why I kept ringing it as I played with her yesterday.

I raised the bell above my head and rattled it.

– Jingle, jingle.

“Woof? Woof!”

As the clear chimes resonated from the bell, I heard barking from afar. Soon after, Azzy started scrambling down the side of the building to get to me.

She was actually running down the wall of the building. It was several times the rate at which she was falling. Tracks were left in the concrete walls as she pushed off them, indenting the stone. With a loud crash, she bounced off the floor immediately as she touched the ground towards me.

Almost like a rubber ball bouncing on the ground, her change in velocity was that drastic. If she had hit someone, they would undoubtedly die.

I rushed to rummage through my pocket to find the piece of meat I had prepared beforehand. Just before Azzy arrived, I managed to toss it toward the doors of the underground armory.

The Dog King chased after the piece of meat and slammed directly into the steel doors.

– Boom!

A grand vibration echoed throughout the prison. No bell could produce a sound as large as that. It felt as if we were within the body of a percussion instrument, I could feel the air itself vibrating. I also wasn’t quite sure about this, but I thought I felt the ground tilt a little.

Shocked, the Regressor grabbed me by my collar.

“What… do you think you’re doing?!”

“Just wait.”

“I told you! I need Tyrkanzyaka’s help!”

“Our doggy just happened to run into her doors by accident.”

And Azzy, who produced that impact…

“Yum, yum! Woof!”

…Was lost in her own world, happily chewing on the meat.

I took a glance at Azzy and then the doors.

“Hm. It was more than enough to destroy level three alchemic steel. But it looks like the stain’s enhancement far exceeded my expectations. It’s level four at the very least.”

Despite Azzy impacting the doors at max speed, she only left a footprint on it. Maybe if she had somehow gotten mad and punched it with her full paw strength, it would break. Unfortunately, there was no reason for the carefree Dog King to be mad at steel doors.

Now that I verified it wouldn’t work, I didn’t need Azzy anymore.

“You heard the bell. Good job. Now head back.”

“Awoo!”

After violently shaking her head, she wagged her tail and yipped beside me

“Woof! Let’s play!”

“But we played yesterday.”

“So let’s play more!”

‘Yesterday and today are two different things to her, huh? It’s a very positive way of thinking to not worry about the past.’

“I’m busy today. Go home.”

“No! Let’s play!”

Azzy pretended to gnaw at my calf, trying to show her frustration.

– Sigh.

‘Does she think I’m the pet here, trying to boss me around? This is all the Regressor’s fault. I should have fixed her manners yesterday, but the Regressor prevented me from using the whip.’

I glared at Shei.

“Wh-What are you looking at me for?”

“Ugh. Don’t worry about it.”

I was the only one who looked out for the dog. Only I actually played with her.

However, unlike dogs, humans actually worried and improved by learning from the past. I had already prepared for a situation like this. I couldn’t let myself be some pitching machine like yesterday.

“Now, Azzy, sniff my hand.”