
“Woof!”

Azzy rubbed her nose on my outstretched hand. After making sure she could remember the scent of my entire hand, I pointed at the prison.

“Azzy, I’m sorry! I left the ball over there.”

“Woof?”

“You remember the smell, right? Go find the ball for me. Then I’ll play with you.”

“Woof, woof!”

Without a shred of doubt, Azzy bursted off the floor toward the back of the prison. I grinned as she went further and further away.

‘Heh. I thoroughly washed the ball and hid it deep inside some concrete rubble. It’ll take ages even for the Dog King.’

I bought time. I turned back towards the Regressor.

“There’s a limit to brute force, I guess. Now, let’s look for different ways.”

‘Huh, she’s giving me that weird look again. As if she has a problem with me treating Azzy like a dog.’

The Regressor glanced at Azzy running far away before turning back to me with a confused expression.

“…When did you get so close to Azzy?”

“We’re not that close. It’s only been a day.”

“No way. She barely acknowledges me even though I’ve seen her for over a week…”

‘That’s because you keep trying to treat her like a human. Waving and asking a dog “How’s the weather today?” means nothing to them. You need to train them like me.’

Enough small talk.

For now, I needed to figure out how to get into the armory.

“Anyways, the doors won’t break with a dog missile, and if you don’t want to knock it down… we’ll need to make her open it.”

“I’ve tried everything. I’ve screamed and knocked, but she hasn’t responded.”

“Don’t worry. I know what to do.”

“You do?”

The Regressor raised her brows in disbelief. Putting her aside, I thought about when I had first arrived at Tantalus. At that moment, the vampire had briefly woken up from her slumber. I could faintly make out her thoughts.

Why did she wake up then? To give the new inmate a warm welcome?

There was only one answer.

“We need to offer her blood.”

Back then, when Azzy bit my ankle and pulled me, I bled from skidding on the hard floor. Just as water flowed downward and ripe apples fell from trees, Tyrkanzyaka absorbed the blood on the concrete.

Wait, didn’t she complain about the taste? What a picky eater, especially considering she had taken it from me.

Regardless of whether she woke up because it tasted bad, she did react to blood.

“We need to offer blood to awaken the vampire.”

As I proudly announced that, Shei scoffed as she thrust her finger at me.

“You think I haven’t thought about that? I already tried.”

Her fingers were still light and delicate, she had not yet swung the sword much in this life. I could see the thin wound already beginning to close up.

“I cut my finger and offered my blood, but she didn’t wake up. The blood was just swept inside.”

“Huh?”

“Hah, you acted like you were smart, but I guess you don’t have anything else planned, do you?”

The Regressor crossed her arms as she teased me. My failure seemed to have made her happier.

‘Why is she happy that a plan to get inside failed? If the blood was absorbed past the doors, Tyrkanzyaka can undoubtedly “sense” blood. But a little drop wasn’t enough to wake her up. To vampires, absorbing blood was done unconsciously, just as breathing was to humans.’

Well, that leaves us with only one option.

“Let’s write in blood.”

“What?”

When it came to the Dog King, the sound of metal clashing against metal was a meaningless noise. However, after ringing the bell each time we played fetch and giving her treats, the ringing began to evoke positive emotions.

Quite a poetic expression.

But in reality, it was plain training.

The same logic could be applied to the vampire. She would absorb blood normally, but she would undoubtedly notice if the blood formed a word.

“It’s clear that Trainee Tyrkanzyaka can sense blood. However, typical blood lacks meaning, so she just absorbs it without thinking. If we write words in blood, we’ll be able to at least see if she wants to meet us or not.”

“…Tsk.”

「I-It makes sense… He’s not so dumb after all」

‘I wish you’d give compliments out loud instead of just clicking your tongue at me.’

“Alright, I’ll try it.”

Shei clutched the air behind her head. It was only then that she began to imagine her weapon floating behind her head.

‘I was wondering where she kept it, but she just levitates it in the air using her mana.’

It was such an unconscious act that I didn’t even notice it with my mind reading. I thought she was unarmed, but she had her weapon besides her at all times.

‘She did that unconsciously? Although Chun-aeng is a weightless sword, it still requires precise control. That’s not a level achievable by talent alone. It’s an instinct gained by carrying a single sword for several years or decades. Just how many cycles had she experienced holding the Aerial Blossom? I’ll need to be careful from now on. Her empty hands aren’t as they seem.’

As I had that thought—

– Slit.

The sword was drawn into a horizontal arc. In its path was the edge of the Regressor’s finger. With extreme control, she barely grazed the surface of her finger.

A barely visible cut formed on her slender white finger, and red began to bubble out of it. Soon after, blood began to rush out like an open tap; to the point where I was worried that she would suffer from anemia.

It was a sickening sight to watch, but I was completely calm.

It was because the Regressor didn’t even feel any pain from the wound. I was overwhelmed by the strange calmness.

“What should I write?”

As if she were holding a brush, she raised her finger and asked. I could see the droplets flowing from her finger.

“Write down what I say. G, R…”

“G, R…”

The Regressor carefully made sure to not let the loose droplets interfere with her strokes.

“A, N…”

“G, R, A, N…”

“N, Y.”

“G, R, A, N, N, Y—”

When the Regressor realized what she had written, she whipped her head back up.

“‘Granny’?”

“Yes. ‘Granny, it’s time to wake up.’ Write that.”

“Hold on, what are you trying to pull here?”

“What do you mean? I’m just trying to wake up an elderly grandma.”

It appeared the Regressor was not very familiar with Tyrkanzyaka. Maybe she didn’t have a chance to meet her in her previous lives. I tried my best to explain it to her.

“Tyrkanzyaka is a trainee who is over 1,200 years old. Especially back during her time, how you treated the elderly was a very important value to have. It’s only appropriate to treat her with the necessary respect.”

“No! What kind of woman would enjoy being treated like an old hag?!”

‘What are you talking about? A woman who’s lived 1,200 years isn’t just an old hag. Their an ancient relic. They’ve lived longer than most countries. You really think someone like that would dwell on such things?’

At that moment—

「How bold of you two…」

A dark, deep voice rumbled as the steel doors opened with the clean echos of metal. Pitch black darkness waved past the doors.

The searchlights that lit up Tantalus made up most of the light here. Since the lights were focused on certain areas, places without them were rather dark. However, the darkness in the armoury was different from just a simple absence of light.

It was a darkness that seemed to suck in light. Nevertheless, I could see a shade of blood red glistening within. It was dark, yet red as blood at the same time. An irony incomprehensible by common sense.

Yet the monster that resided within defies common sense.

Days, months, years, centuries…

Legends and history. The harvester of all the deaths that faded from history. The condensed culmination of the history of blood coiled beyond the darkness.

Before mentioning strength, it was a matter of mythology.

She was mentioned in fairy tales and took up an entire page of a history book, the woman who became a legend.

The Progenitor, Tyrkanzyaka.

Goosebumps appeared throughout my body. The monster inside the armoury had survived over a thousand years on human blood alone. That darkness had single-handily waged war against the Sanctum.

As I was questioning my decision to wake her from her slumber…

「Come on in」

The sturdy steel doors swung wide open, revealing a shining mark of blood that gazed down upon me and the Regressor.





༺ A Monster Living in the Basement ༻

‘I’m screwed.’

I came to that conclusion after careful consideration.

‘I’m pretty sure I’m totally screwed.’

The moment I took a step into the armory, I could feel a surge of regret washing over me. I would probably feel safer in a whale’s mouth. At least whales didn’t feed on human blood.

The land where a vampire had resided for several decades. The moment I took a step in, the blood that coursed through my body was no longer my own. I could feel my blood shifting to one side of my veins. The liquid that should be carrying my vitality kept attempting to derail.

This wasn’t something I could solve with reading minds. If the vampire wished for my death, the moment she set her sights on me… I’d dry up in an instant.

‘Is the Regressor alright? She must be under even more pressure than I am, given her sharp senses.’

「It’s an amazing amount of power. Just as strong as last time… But this is before ‘that event’ happened. Will she become more aggressive? Or more passive? Will she lend a hand before ‘that matter’ is resolved?」

‘What is “that event”? What is “that matter”? Could you have a flashback for me instead of just thinking about stuff only you know about?’

「Let’s not worry about it. I haven’t recovered the strength to fight against Tyrkazanka yet. If I die, I die」

‘Alright, It’s been proven that it’s best to not get involved with the Regressor. She may have plenty of lives left, but I’m on my last one. “If I die, I die”? If you follow someone who thinks like that, even ten lives wouldn’t be enough.’

I turned around and headed for the door.

“Alright, I believe you were the one who had business to attend to, so I shall take my leave no—”

– Slam!

The steel doors slammed shut in front of my eyes. The red sigil flickered as if mocking my attempt to leave.

Seeing my expression, the Regressor chuckled.

“Sure. If you can, that is.”

The exit was gone as pitch-black darkness engulfed my body, it obscured my vision to the point of me being unable to even see my own body. I sighed as I followed the Regressor.

“What? I thought you were leaving.”

“Come to think of it, I’ll need to observe in order to verify why you needed to come to the armory. Let’s go together, shall we?”

“Whatever.”

Since we were here together, our fates were intertwined. The Regressor nodded. I clasped the wall, trying to navigate my way through the darkness. It was strangely slippery, and it required immense concentration to take even a single step.

‘Shit, there’s a staircase coming up. Will I end up tumbling all the way down if I slip? It’d be more suspicious than a simple mistake if a warden of the State slipped on the stairs. What’s Shei doing anyway?’

「Seven Colored Eyes, activate. Azure Eyes」

The Regressor poked her eye with her finger. A glistening tear gathered in her eye and began to burn blue. Even in the ravenous darkness, the blue flame illuminated every nook and cranny.

「Azure Eyes, the fifth of the Seven Colored Eyes, perceives depth. It can even see through the darkness manifested by a vampire」

‘What an array of skills. It feels really unfair compared to someone like me, whose only skill is reading minds.’

The ‘Azure Eyes’ could see the world as lines and surfaces, and while it couldn’t detect fast-moving objects, it can see the general layout of a location while in the dark. The Regressor shone her blue gaze everywhere. A stark ceiling and wall obscured her view. The only path was downwards. In her vision, a zig-zagged line headed downwards faintly appeared. It was the staircase.

Without the slightest bit of hesitation, the Regressor stepped onto the stairs. After taking a couple of steps, she glanced back at me.

「Now, let’s see if you can navigate the darkness」

Thanks for looking my way.

I wasn’t aware of it until now, but I had already arrived right in front of the stairs. The step was half broken, if I had taken another step, I would have fallen down the stairs.

‘Phew, that’s a relief.’

I made sure not to step on the broken step. I heard a familiar tongue click in front of me.

「He even saw through the excessively thick darkness created by a vampire? I can’t see the limit of his skill. To think someone who looks so daft would be able to do so much…」

This was why people needed to experience being at the bottom. She spent so much time with extraordinary people like saints and swordmasters that she couldn’t judge regular people properly.

Regardless, the Regressor and I headed down side by side.

「Why’s he walking so close? It’s annoying」

She was uncomfortable with our distance, but I kept sticking close. I was borrowing her vision right now, so I needed to be close to her to see my own feet—feeling as if I was being carried

After we arrived at the underground bunker, she looked around using her Azure Eyes.

Within the bunker was a long hallway with a large room to the side. In the case of an emergency, you were meant to hide in that small room and wait for help. In this case, a guest was already there.

The Regressor glared at the misty shadows that watched us from within the room. A horse tall enough to reach the ceiling was staring at us.

「Is it her familiar? I thought she had lost most of them during the war… but Sanguine Horse Ralion seems fine」

‘What the hell was she using the armory for? Why is a horse that large taking up the whole bunker? More so, why does a familiar get a better room than me? Where are my human rights?’

After tossing the sanguine horse a quick glance, the Regressor began walking again. I quickly followed after her.

At the end of the long hallway, a peculiar door stood out.

The State, which prioritized function over form, did not ever integrate art into its doors or walls. A door was for opening and closing an area, and walls were to divide the area. Any more than that was considered a luxury. Maybe you could hang a picture on the door, but something as inefficient as engraving art into the wall itself was considered a sin.

However, it appeared that even the State wished to gain the favor of the god known as the Progenitor of Vampires.

The door, cast from steel, was engraved with a mural that was worthy of a biblical excerpt. The walls had angels blowing horns painted onto them. With the horns pointed at the door, they felt as if they were ready to punish whoever opened the door.

Although the underground armory was dark, I could make out the door and walls clearly, as well as the sculptures and murals you would typically see at a church

Because in this darkness, the holy works of art were slathered with glowing red blood.

Facing them, I slowly turned my head back to the Regressor.

“…Hey, Trainee Shei.”

“What is it?”

“Should we head back?”

“Are you scared or something?”

“Yes.”

The Regressor looked puzzled at my honest answer.

‘This is way too scary, you know. I’d have preferred not being able to see it at all. If the Sanctum had been notified of this, they would have immediately declared it blasphemy and dispatched their inquisitors. But if they heard who did it, they would immediately cancel their orders. The inquisitors would end up as mere blood offerings.’

That was what the Progenitor to all vampires signified. Regardless of how strong you were, the Progenitor deserved to be feared.

The Regressor stared at me.

“You’re more fearful than I would have expected.”

“That’s why I’m still alive till now. Fear of danger is essential to survival.”

“Is it?”

「Maybe that’s why I died thirteen times」

‘Oh, that’s right. You don’t mind dying.’

The realization made me resentful.

“You call her a granny despite fearing her?”

“Is she not one?”

“Ugh. I won’t even bother.”

The Regressor marched forward and placed her palm on the door. Although she didn’t push on it, the door easily swung open, as if it were the gaping jaws of a beast awaiting its prey.

“Oh, bloody Mother Earth.”

It was inevitable. If we had already been eaten, the mouth probably wasn’t too different from going down the throat. Without a choice, I followed the Regressor into the final room before the door slammed shut. A torch, somewhat outdated compared to the modern lights and electricity, hung on the walls. It was hand-carved from stone and had a unique shape, like an inverted birdcage. With the intricacy that went into chiseling each detail, I could almost expect a phoenix to rise out of the flames while spreading its wings.

Blood-red flames thirsted for the sky and roared upwards. However, the flames were short-lived. This was the lowest place in the world; an underground floor in the abyss. It was too harsh of a place to fly to the skies. The corpse of light dissipated as it touched the ceiling.

Ironically, light had its meaning in being able to fade. The fragmented embers birthed red shadows, lighting up the walls.

Thanks to the embers, I was able to see what the room looked like.

The room was not just red because of the flames. Blood. Several thousand liters of it coated the room. It was slathered on the ceiling, the walls, and the ground. As if the room was a living, beating heart, pulsing with blood.

However, despite all the blood, I couldn’t smell any of it. The smell of blood fell under her control as well. Unless she allowed me to, I wouldn’t be able to smell the scent of blood.

「For what reason have you come to meet me?」

A black wooden coffin was in the center of the room. A treasure crafted with precious juniper and carefully coated in lacquer, and engraved with a winged red cross. A voice echoed from within it.

My blood raced. The blood that should be dedicating itself to preserve my life was ready to run out to greet its new master.

Overwhelming power. Faced with it, the Regressor…

“Tyrkanzyaka, I’ve come to offer you a deal.”

…She firmly stood her ground and boldly asked.

“Teach me bloodcraft.”

‘Asking her out of the blue to teach you a skill…’

The vampire may have been fazed, but she didn’t show it. She had gotten used to it. After all, in her millennia of existence, there had been thousands of people who had approached her in search of something. The ability to control blood. After hearing the name for the first time in a long while, Tyrkanzyaka quietly replied.

「Do you wish to be my servant?」

Accepting the blood of the Progenitor would turn you into a vampire, and naturally, gain the power to control blood . There had been countless people who coveted her blood over the ages. Feeling a bit bored, the vampire asked the Regressor if she was just another one of those people.

However, the Regressor had no intention of becoming a vampire. Instead, she wanted something deeper—more fundamental.

“No, I don’t want to gain it that way. Teach me what you learned before you became a vampire.”

For a split second, the vampire’s emotions surged. Deep confusion emanated from the coffin. All the blood in the room drew close, waiting to pounce.

Still, she was a vampire that had lived for over a thousand years. It took much more to make her blood boil. The vampire composed herself before replying.

「How did you find out about that?」

The Regressor turned to face the vampire with a thought that only a Regressor could have.

「You told me yourself in a previous life」

With a faint smile, the Regressor momentarily basked in her memories.

Before Tyrkanzyaka became a vampire, she was a normal girl who had the ability to control blood. So many people had preserved their lives due to the little girl helping out her father, who was the local doctor. As a human, all she could do was stop blood from flowing, but that was enough to make people smile.

The vampire from Shei’s previous life told her this and advised the Regressor to learn from her… before dying a solitary death.

The flashback ended. I ran a hand through my hair, feeling as if I had just been yanked from the depths of the sea.

‘So this is a flashback. It was extremely short and fragmented, but it’s an improvement.’

I’ve read a few of the Regressor’s memories, and I’ve gotten some information about the ‘Calamity’,. A calamity was coming. A calamity, so powerful that even Tyrkanzyaka would be unable to defeat it.

「I’ll ask again. How did you find out about that?」

“If you teach me, I might let you know.”

「…How intriguing」

A short pause, followed by deep thoughts. Thousands of emotions and grievances passed by. All of a sudden, the vampire’s focus shifted to me.

「You, what do you think?」

‘What, me? I made sure to stay quiet. Why would she single me out?

I stuttered out a reply.

“Do as you please, Elder.”

「…‘Elder’?」

‘Huh? My blood just pulsed, did I offend her?’

I rushed to resolve the situation.

“Since our positions come before age here, I’ll address you as a trainee. However, since your age is, uh, well… impressive, and the State doesn’t wish to enact harsh restrictions on the elderly… I believe the same. As long as you don’t think about leaving the facility, you are free to do as you please. If you want to keep resting here, that’s also fine.”

– Swish!

Something dark grazed my cheek. A tiny slit opened up. Clutching its freedom, blood gushed its way out of the wound, fluttering to the vampire like a butterfly.

I couldn’t even see it. I didn’t try to dodge as there was no intention to kill, but nothing would have changed even if I tried.

Feeling my hairs stand up, I took a deep breath and stopped talking.

A faint but clearly angry voice came from within the coffin.

「…I’m old, so I should just stay inside?」

“No, not particularly. If you just did as you had been doing all this time.-”

「Silence」

The black lid opened. Just like its exterior, the coffin’s interior was also filled with pitch-black darkness. Parting the darkness, a white and delicate hand emerged. My blood, which was flying across the room, perched on the back of her hand. It sucked in the red droplets, like rain on scorched land.

I felt a slight sense of disgust from the vampire who harvested my blood.

「…As expected, even your blood is tasteless. It’s the complete opposite of my preferences. You really have no redeeming qualities…」

However, because of it, the coffin stood up. It pushed itself up into the wavering darkness and faced me and the Regressor.

「I usually only prey on the blood of virgins. The blood of boys like you… I typically use as material」

The inside of the coffin remained dark. With only a pale, lifeless hand poking out, a new ball of blood flew in. It was the Regressor’s blood that was used to open the door.

Soaking her hand in the blood, she continued speaking.

「But your blood is alright. That’s a first… for a man. To think I would voluntarily drink a man’s blood…」

‘That’s because the Regressor is female…’

Even with such a terrible attempt at cross-dressing, the vampire didn’t even consider the possibility of the Regressor being female. Shei clenched her fists, rejoicing that her disguise was perfect.

The vampire continued.

「Fine. I will teach it to you」

“Thank you.”

「…Having a guest after so long has tired me. Take your leave now」

After saying that, the vampire closed the lid of her coffin. Having gotten the answer she wanted, the Regressor desperately resisted the desire to jump up and down in joy.

「I did it! I didn’t think it’d go so smoothly!」

Attempting to suppress her excitement, the Regressor carefully asked again.

“When are we starting? I’d like to start as soon as possible.”

「Then… let’s start when the next moon begins to wane」

That meant in about a month. Obviously, the Regressor refused to wait that long.

“What? That’s too late. Let’s start tomorrow.”

「What’s the hurry? It makes little difference whether we start now or next month…」

“There’s a huge difference!”

「Have some patience. The cycle of the moon waxing and waning is the Goddess of the Night slowly opening and closing her eyes, and only then can one observe things properly」

‘They’re quarreling again. I need to step up to diffuse the situation.’

“Trainee Shei!”

I blocked the Regressor, ready to give a sermon.

“A month may be a long time to you, but it’s only a second for Trainee Tyrkanzyaka, who has lived for over 1,200 years. Please be more considerate of who you’re speaking to! Time may seem fair to all, but it’s more subjective than any quantity in the world. Tyrkanzyaka is—”

“…Shouldn’t you be more considerate about the other person?”

‘Hm? About what? I’m giving her as much consideration as I can. Why else would I treat her this way with so much emphasis on her age?’

While we were arguing, a slow voice came from the coffin.

「…So, I’m slow to act because I’m too old?」

“I mean, I didn’t mean anything rude. I was just teaching this brat the difference in wisdom that comes from age.”

「Alright. Let’s start tomorrow then」

Keeping her eyes on me, the vampire pointed to me and said one more thing.

「Both of you」

“What?”

‘Wait, why me?’

As I was about to retort—

「Now, go away」

The world fell apart. That was the only way to describe it. The Regressor and I moved backward. No, it wasn’t us that moved. The walls, the ground, the door, the corridor, the ceiling, the room, the stairwell—everything in our surroundings moved forward. The world slid right past us as if we were watching the river flow downstream. A dark liquid retraced the steps that we took.

Before we knew it, we were at the entrance of the armory. Without having taken a step. With a resounding ‘Boom’, the now-closed steel door brought us back to reality.

“Holy shit.”

I felt as if I had just escaped the jaws of a tiger.

Quite literally, the armory… was like being inside the vampire’s body. She had just spat us out.

The Regressor, who seemed as if she was used to it, patted her clothes off.

“Heh. You look out of it. Scared?”

“…Not really.”

‘I merely just discovered that an insanely terrifying monster was actually an irrationally terrifying monster.’

When I answered, the Regressor smirked.

“Let me give you some advice. Don’t mention Tyrkanzyaka’s age in front of her. That’s how you treat a lady properly.”

The Regressor continued to scowl and headed off. I stared at her in disbelief at her attitude.

‘I didn’t act that way because I didn’t know how to treat a lady.’

Well, whatever. I don’t feel the need to reply.

Brushing off my clothes, I stretched my body.

‘Ugh. My back is killing me from all the stress. Let’s go and sleep early tonight. I’ll check the cafeteria for any leftover cans of food…’

As I was about to head off as well—

“Woof.”

I heard a noise that I shouldn’t have heard. I slowly turned my head.

There sat a dog who had chased my scent and dug through mountains of rubble for the sole purpose of playing fetch—Azzy.

No way, there’s no fucking way…

“Woof!”

The ball rolled to my foot. Azzy wagged her tail as she nudged the ball with her nose.

The meaning was clear.

‘Toss the ball, human.’

“Hey, Azzy…”

I attempted an immense act of diplomacy that transcended species and asked for a compromise, from a man to a dog.

“I-I’m a little tired today. So how about we… uh…”

“Woof! Woof!”

“…Push it… back a little…?”

“Woof! Promise!”

– Smack, smack.

Azzy waved her forearms, showing her frustration. The winds it generated shook the hems of my clothes. As her paws got closer, it seemed to be a threat, trying to get me to throw the ball.

‘Just when did she even learn the word “promise”? Who the hell taught a dog something as useless as a promise? Even if she breaks a promise, I can’t get anything from her. But if I don’t uphold my side… she can get whatever she wants from me.’

“Grrrr…”

I sighed looking up at the unobservable sky.

“Sorry, shoulder. I’ll try to finish in 250 throws today.”

I gripped the ball.

I never thought I’d hate to see a dog smile.





༺ It’s Harder to Unlearn Something than to Teach them ༻

There was no sunlight in the depths of the abyss.

The innermost depths, cursed by Mother Earth herself.

In the land of only darkness, the only thing that announced the arrival of the morning was the rattling sound of an alarm. Instead of the warm morning rays, earsplitting ringing would force one up.

Instead of the deep blue sky, with clouds floating around like ships in the sea with warm sunshine and a refreshing breeze, which everyone could enjoy on the surface.

All the abyss had were angular buildings—that weren’t quite square—surrounded by rubble and adorned with artificial lights; a poor attempt at replicating the sun’s light.

Everything that came from nature was soothing, while artificial creations irritated one’s mood. Man-made objects were the waste products of a man’s body. They kept the best things within and expelled what was deemed disgusting. Perhaps that was why we lived amongst other men and avoided artificial scenery.

“…Fuck. Is there no way to make that alarm quieter?”

Massaging my stiff shoulder, I got up from the bed. My body, which had been exploited by the Dog King for the past two days, screamed in refusal to get up. But if I let that dreadful sound continue, it would surely eat away at the little strength I had left. That type of noise actively damaged the body.

All alarm clocks designed by the Military State were meant to be mounted to walls. This ensured that one needed to get up from bed in order to turn it off.

How befitting of a country that had no tolerance for laziness.

I staggered my way over to grab a chair, climbing on top of it to reach the gears of the alarm clock to input the correct combination.

One counterclockwise turn, four clockwise turns, and two counterclockwise turns.

With a chirp akin to that of a cricket, the alarm’s ringing grew faint. I didn’t exactly want to go back to sleep after that ordeal, so I began brushing my hair and pacing my room.

The alarm works, alright. These bastards.

The room was small, but it had everything I needed. To put it nicely, it was designed for efficiency. In reality, it meant they crammed too much into too small of a space. I could reach the closet with my left hand and touch the sink on the other side with my right. The tap water could be used for drinking or washing, but the allotted amount per day wasn’t enough for both.

However, the room next door was empty. There would be daily water in the other rooms too. I took a gulp of water from the tap; I planned to use the other rooms to shower. A tiny room smaller than an arm span. Originally designed for workers and prisoners, Tantalus was cramped and lacked space. The sturdy concrete walls only made it worse.

Fortunately, the mass prison break meant there were plenty of rooms to go around.

“Let’s tear down the wall and connect two rooms.”

What were the conditions for a great place to live in?

The answer was simple.

A place with sufficient resources and not too many people.

The reason large houses were expensive was because those neighborhoods had a lower population density.

Surprisingly, the current Tantalus… fulfilled all the conditions to constitute a great place to live in.

“Hahaha!”

‘I’ll tear down those nasty walls and live like a king with five connected rooms. Five times the normal amount of water. With that, I could take a bath every day. Actually, I could just go directly to the water tank itself and take a dip there. It’s a lifestyle befitting an emperor!’

I grinned wickedly as I left the room. I slammed my lockless door shut, I was in the middle of planning my happy life.

“Woof-woof!”

Then, a familiar shadow appeared at the far end of the corridor.

…Why is this thing here?

Azzy zoomed through the corridor and began sniffing me while circling around me, as if to verify my identity. I felt as if she was ready to hunt her prey. In fear, I shook my head as hard as I could.

“A-Azzy! No, I can’t. Please. At this rate—”

“Woof! I’m hungry!”

After I heard those words, I let out a sigh of relief.

“You crazy bastards of the State… This is a food storage?”

In order to survive, one needed to eat. One needed to consume food and digest it in their stomach, and then break the food down into calories necessary to live. It was a law of nature so obvious that it didn’t need to be explained.

And the State, which was extremely resourceful in its methods, was willing to manipulate even this law of nature.

Tantalus, the mental education facility, wasn’t a place meant to keep people alive. It was meant to kill them.

It housed those that the State couldn’t kill themselves or would require too many resources to execute. Tantalus was a place where they would dump anyone who they deemed too troublesome to handle.

And the easiest way to whittle down people in an isolated environment was a method akin to those used by military strategists during war.

“Shit. We’re almost out of canned food too…”

There was still some food left. Obviously, some prisoners like Tyrkanzyaka wouldn’t die from starvation if you didn’t provide them with food only, only those types of prisoners would survive but that wasn’t what the State wanted.

“Even so, a prison this big has a food storage unit that’s only a square meter big? It’s actually disgusting how openly they’re willing to do such things.”

They made sure that it was impossible to ‘stockpile’ food. It was meant to cause fear and obedience among the prisoners, who would need to wait day to day for supplies to be sent down. They did this so that the prisoners would fight amongst themselves to claim more resources.

“They probably only provided the bare minimum to keep them from dying of starvation. They’d need to kill each other for more.”

However, as I said earlier, the current Tantalus was a place with few people and sufficient resources.

While the storage was puny for a prison of this size, there were currently only four residents in Tantalus including myself.

The vampire wouldn’t need to eat, and I could feed the dog our scraps. I only needed to worry about the Regressor and myself.

There was more than enough food for two. Especially since this was the abyss, which was free of things like bugs or fungus to spoil the food, which meant we didn’t need to worry about anything going bad.

“Tsk. Sorry, Azzy. You’re going to have to eat less.”

“Wowow?! Arf! Arf!”

Don’t bark. It can’t be helped since people come before dogs.

Three cans of meat, twenty-three cans of beans, and some starch and flour… It’d be boring meals, but enough to live off of. They’d also probably send some supplies. All things considered, I could eat plenty.

“I need to meet the vampire today, so I should eat a filling meal.”

On the first day, I just ate whatever I wanted. But since I needed to stay here for a while, I needed to formulate a diet.

‘Let’s try cooking.’

I opened a can of compressed beans and spooned it out into a pot.

“Azzy, do you like beans?”

“Woof! Beans, good!”

“Is there anything you don’t like?”

When I turned the tap on, water gushed out. The kitchen only had one flame, but the sink still worked fine. I added water to the dry beans and let soaked them. The dried beans sucked up the water in seconds.

In the manufacturing process, the beans had already been cooked with vegetables. If you just soaked and boiled them it would’ve made decent baked beans, but I wanted something more.

I made a dough from the flour, stretched it out, and covered it with a bowl before leaving it so I could continue working on the beans.

“Woof! Woof! Woof!”

Azzy skittered around the pot, excited at the swelling beans. It was an amount I didn’t expect to come out of such a small can. The change in volume was as big as having planted and harvested an entire can’s worth of bean seeds.

“Woof! It grew! More tasty things!”

The State sucked at many things, but they were amazing at making rations. They put a few days’ worths of beans into these tiny cans. It was only accomplishable because they were always focused on war. Condiments were items of luxury. Obviously, prisons lacked them. The only thing we had was some salt and dried cabbage. The State had even considered removing cabbages from prisons at one point due to their volume to calorie ratio.

I washed the cabbage and set it down. Azzy grimaced as she saw the greens.

“I don’t want grass!”

“I wasn’t even going to give you any. Don’t worry.”

‘Alright, let’s start cooking.’

After seasoning the beans with salt, I put the cabbage into the pot as well, and brought it to a boil. Meanwhile, I put the dough from earlier into the stovetop oven. While the stew boiled, I started adding some starch. The vegetables and water slowly turned into something more edible.

Now all that was left was to wait for it to finish cooking.

As I watched the stew boil, I kept hearing restless twitching near me. Azzy, who was several times more impatient than I was, started chasing her wagging tail around. She was kicking up all kinds of dust and fur. I frowned as I chastised her.

“Hey, hey. You’re getting fur everywhere. Go do that outside.”

“Hungry! Hungry!”

“Even if you’re hungry, we’re going to end up having to eat your fur at this rate.”

She had a human form, so only her head and tail had hair.

So where was all this fur even coming from?

Azzy paused for a second, but then she began messing around again out of boredom. She was ready to smash her mouth into the pot, unable to withstand the delicious smell.

“Wait!”

“Food, food, food, food, food, food!”

Ugh. She’s eyeing me with a strange look now.

If I waited any longer, I was going to be the one eaten. I quickly grabbed a ladle and began stirring the stew.

The crushed remains of the beans and cabbage gathered in the middle of the swirling pot. It was the scraps created in the production of the canned beans. I ladled all the scraps and dished it out to Azzy in the empty can.

Then, I took out the bell from my pocket and rang it.

– Ring, ring.

“Woof! Woof!”

Azzy seemed to understand what the bell meant by now. Her eyes sparkled as she tensed up in anticipation.

I could see her lips smeared with her saliva. I set the can of scraps on the ground in front of her.

“Here. Eat.”

She immediately bent down and munched on it with delight. I looked at her with a soft smile as she ate.

I love dogs. They can eat whatever waste humans don’t want to.

Pleased, I hummed a tune while I finished cooking.

The soup had gained a slightly sweet taste. The starch stuck to my tongue, giving me a sense of satisfaction even before I swallowed it.

Now, it was time to eat.

I wiped the dusty table and rested the pot on top of it. I also pulled out the almost-bread from the oven. It was just canned beans and some flour, but it made a nice meal.

Maybe I should get into the mood.

I sat up straight at the table, closed my eyes, and gave a prayer to Mother Earth.

‘Thank you for my daily sustenance, and I pray that you look over me even in this accursed land. Now, let’s dig in.’

“Woof.”

When I opened my eyes again, I saw a dog sitting up straight at the table.

The fuck.

“Hey, Azzy! Get down! What are you doing on top of the table?”

“Woof! Food!”

She demanded more food, while sticking out her paw. Didn’t I give her food already? I took a glance at the floor and saw that she had eaten it all. This selfish dog was eyeing my food after having already eaten hers.

Sigh.

Bad habits go far. Now she thinks she’s above humans.

I sternly told her off.

“Get down while I’m still being nice. This is a table where people eat.”

“Woof.”

– Slam!

When her paw slammed the solid table, everything flew about three centimeters in the air. I could see the cooked beans enjoying their time in the air.

– Thunk, thunk.

The falling pot and cutlery made a unique tune as they fell back onto the table. It was like a symphony, except only with percussion instruments. Behind it, a dog was licking her lips, glaring straight at me.

With trembling hands, I picked up the can from the floor. She had licked it so clean, you’d swear it had just come out of the factory it was made in. Using it as a dish, I poured some of the soup into the—

“Beans.”

…Using it as a dish, I poured a plentiful serving of beans and soup into the can. After shaking the bell again, I slid the can in front of her. Azzy immediately shoved her face into the can and started gobbling it down.

“Woof! Tasty! Beans are good!”

“Hmph. This is the last time. Don’t expect more next time.”

Dogs are terrible animals. They eat what people eat, freeloading off of humans like the idiotic, parasitic furballs they are.

Does she think she’s superior to humans? I’ll show her. She may be the Dog King, but that means she’s still just a dog. One day, sometime, somewhere, when I finally train you, I’ll make sure you don’t step out of line again. I’ll demonstrate why humans are at the top of the food chain.

…Man, these beans taste plain.





༺ The Sanguine Alliance ༻

Now that we were done eating, I had to do the dishes. This was so unfair.

The dog king ate most of my food, so why did I have to do all the dishes alone? What kind of world is this? What terrible lands are these?

Oh right, I live in the Military State. I forgot this place was a poor excuse for a country.

As Azzy was lazing around on the ground, yawning, I finished cleaning the kitchen. She didn’t even react to my hard work. At least her dishes were mostly clean thanks to her licking them.

「I guess he is human. He ate after all」

Right on time, I heard a thought from the corridor outside the kitchen. The Regressor pressed herself against the wall as she peeked into the kitchen. I grimaced as I read her thoughts.

What? You thought I wasn’t human? You?

Hey. If normal people train hard enough, they can use magic or imbue energy into their swords, or harden their bodies.

Some people could precisely observe others, guessing one’s thoughts through their expressions and mannerisms. Not as well as I do, of course.

But no matter how hard one tries, a human can never turn back time. It’s preposterous to think you, of all people, would doubt other people’s humanity.

「…Why does Azzy hang out with such a vulgar man like that? They ate together, so she must’ve opened up her heart to him. Could I also…?」

“Ehem!”

The Regressor revealed her presence with a cough as she came into the kitchen. She locked eyes with Azzy, and with a slightly higher tone of voice than usual, she greeted the Dog King. It was very awkward to watch.

“H-Hey, Azzy. Did you enjoy your meal?”

“Woof…”

They say that the laziest creature in the world was a well-fed dog. Azzy merely wagged her tail in response to the greeting as she lazed around the floor. The Regressor appeared to be dejected.

「She… didn’t even react. Is it because I’m dressed like a man? No, she likes that man. Just what did he do…?」

‘Fetch. Fucking fetch. You saw it too! Play some fetch with her before you go speculating about my secrets. I swear, all the people who claim to love dogs don’t actually want to be responsible for the less fun parts of raising a dog. If you want to get close, play with her!’

Sigh.

‘I can’t ignore her, so I should at least say hi.’

I turned away from the sink and greeted the Regressor.

“Good morning, Trainee Shei. Have you eaten breakfast yet?”

I realized that there was still some stew left in the pot. If she hadn’t eaten yet, I should offer her some of the stew. Otherwise, it’d look as if I was mocking her.

A single cooked can of beans was enough to feed a family of four for an entire day. Unfortunately, some pig ate most of it, so there was barely any left. To think I would need to give that away…

Nonetheless, it was probably a good idea to get on her good side. So I offered the Regressor some stew.

“If you haven’t eaten yet, would you like some of my specialty canned bean stew?”

“Don’t worry about me. I get food on my own.”

“What? The cafeteria’s the only place with food. Have you been smuggling rations from here?”

“I’ve got something for myself.”

Refusing to elaborate, the Regressor shot a disgusted look at the beans.

「Canned beans… I don’t ever want to eat those beans again unless it’s absolutely necessary. I’ve eaten so many of them already. Thank god I obtained the Bountiful Table, a treasure that makes me a full meal every day. It only works for one person, but I can secure food for myself」

After I had read her mind, I realized that the poor person being mocked here was me.

I had spent my morning wrestling over shitty beans with a dog, but she apparently had some treasure that made her a full meal every day.

Fuck this.

I may be a mind reader, but the human mind still fascinates me to this very day. Technically, I should hate Azzy more, who was actively stealing my food. But for some reason, just knowing that the Regressor had nothing to worry about made me more upset than before. God, I hope she loses it and starves.

Is this the selfishness of a man?

The bowl I was washing looked even more pathetic now. All I had was some beans in a dingy bowl. Before I ate, I felt like I had the whole world in the palm of my hand. Now, I felt insignificant.

“Are you done with the dishes yet? Finish up and get ready.”

While I was staring into space, the Regressor spurred me to hurry up.

“Get ready for what?”

“Obviously, to meet with Tyrkanzyaka. We need to learn bloodcraft.”

“Why do I need to learn bloodcraft?”

At my irritated retort, the Regressor shrugged.

“Because Tyrkanzyaka said so?”

“Fuck. If it weren’t for how old she was, I would…”

After I tossed the cleaned bowl to the side, I shook the water off my hands. The Regressor seemed curious about my behavior.

“It’s an opportunity to gain that power without becoming a vampire. It’d be beneficial for you too.”

“So what? It’ll take me forever to learn. And even if I do, it’s just a worse version of a vampire’s natural abilities.”

It was an art that the Progenitor had only mastered centuries after she became immortal. Especially, since it required you to control your own blood. If you messed up, you might die. It was an art meant for people who had tons of time or extra lives lying around.

Like a certain Regressor, for example.

In the first place, my goal was to survive, not to get stronger. Getting stronger wouldn’t particularly help me out here.

“I don’t really want to get stronger.”

I murmured without thinking about what I was saying, but the Regressor must have heard me.

「…He doesn’t seem like he’s lying. I thought soldiers of the State valued strength above anything else. What’s up with him?」

I regretted saying it, but I couldn’t take it back. The Regressor started thinking as she observed me while I left the room.

「I don’t know anything about him… He acts so frail and vulgar compared to his strength, and he seems to dislike authority… He doesn’t treat Azzy like a human being, but still treats her nicely enough for her to like him…」

After a moment of thinking, Shei came to her own conclusion.

「I think he may be a soldier who resisted the orders of the State. He must’ve been sent here as a form of demotion. He’s definitely at least an officer. Otherwise, his strength and attitude don’t make sense」

Occasionally, a thought came up every time I interacted with the Regressor. That woman really needed to be thankful for the fact that she had multiple lives.

「I haven’t tried to change the State ever since I demolished the country on my eighth run. Maybe he’s the key to infiltrating the State and discovering any secrets they hold!」

‘Never mind. If she can destroy a country by herself, she’s fine. More importantly, she was able to destroy the Military State? Could I do something similar if I figured out how she did it? I’d love to try fucking up this shit country.’

As I was about to dig deeper into the Regressor’s thoughts, a strange groan broke my concentration.

「Ugh…」

I flinched at the sudden thought and stared at the direction it had come from. The Regressor looked at me, puzzled at my sudden movement. But I couldn’t stop thinking about it.

The thought I just heard.

It wasn’t the Regressors nor Azzy’s. It was a faded consciousness that I couldn’t recognize at all.

‘Did I mishear it? No, somewhere around here… there has to be another person.’

“What? Why’d you just freeze up?”

“No, I just… thought there was someone else.”

“Where?”

The faded thought cut off.

Did they die? Or did they go to sleep?

It bothered me, but without the thoughts to guide me, I doubted I could find the source. However, the vampire needed to be taken care of first. I put my mind off of the unknown thought and came out into the garden with the Regressor.

Tantalus was a dark place. Even the rays of the sun, which traveled millions of kilometers to get to Earth, faded in front of Mother Earth’s unyielding wrath. The abyss… a bottomless pit. One that didn’t even have a defined depth. Light may get through the tiniest of holes, but it couldn’t surpass infinite depth.

Therefore, Tantalus needed to supply its own light. Remarkably, humans were able to develop a method to create lit planes with mana. They could replace God’s grace with human ingenuity.

In the courtyard of Tantalus, the spotlights didn’t search for people toward the L-shaped building or yard, and its light, while low, illuminated everything fairly evenly. However, the moment one stepped outside these safe zones, the spotlights would chase them down viciously.

Tantalus lacked the troops to chase escapees, and it lacked any place for them to escape, the State seemed intent on taking away as much freedom from the prisoners as they possibly could. As if they were emphasizing that they would never be able to leave.

“Where is Tyrkanzyaka… Oh.”

The land that the spotlights were supposed to control. Tyrkanzyaka was resting there.

Actually, I wasn’t sure if she was lying down because all I could make out in the dark was that ominous crimson cross.

The vampire who hated light kept to a place where only darkness lingered. Normally, the spotlights should be chasing after her for leaving the designated zone, but they continued on as normal. It was as if the spotlights were scared of the ominous aura and pretending not to notice her.

“…I guess we’re headed there?”

“Obviously.”

“The spotlights are really bright, so I don’t know if I want to…”

“What, do you want me to slice the light rays?”

I didn’t even want to know how that would work. I hesitantly made my way over to the coffin that was waiting for us.

When my foot touched the edge of the spotlight zone, I clenched my eyes shut in anticipation for the blinding light that would soon follow.

However, the lights never appeared. They pretended to ignore me as well, and continued to illuminate random places.

Huh? What’s up with that?

「I have blocked your sights」

A dark voice resonated across the abyss. I didn’t need to explain whose voice it was. Using the darkness to lift herself up, Tyrkanzyaka continued to speak.

「I dislike the light, and those things are even more of a nuisance than the sun itself. I assume you two feel the same way」

I nodded in agreement.

“Yes. Do as you please. We can see fine as long as there is a dim light. We should let you decide the brightness since we’re more flexible.”

「…」

「I feel… strangely insulted. I feel as if I am being treated as a senile old woman whose eyes are growing dim…」

After I listened to her thoughts, I wasn’t sure what to do.

Why is she so defensive about that? I mean, I do think she’s a senile old grandma, and also that her eyesight may not be the best, but I’ve been really polite so far!

The vampire glared at me in silence before continuing to speak.

「Anyhow, this lesson will be extremely harsh. To control blood, you need to lose blood. You will put your lives at risk while you learn」

Droplets of blood began to trickle through the crack of the coffin as if foreshadowing our fate.

「But do you still wish to continue? Would you like to overcome this hardship?」

It was a strange offer, like one you would hear about from old legends in the woods around a campfire. The test that the Progenitor inflicted on foolish mortals.

Without any hesitation, the Regressor nodded.

“I’m ready.”

For someone who had died and revived thirteen times, the fear of facing the Progenitor of Vampires wasn’t much. Even whilst observing the wavering shadows and quaking blood, the Regressor remained as expressionless as ever. The vampire was satisfied with her response.

「This boy has some guts. He’ll be fun to teach」

Then, the vampire turned to look at me.

「What about you?」

Hmmm. What do I want to do?

I couldn’t see the vampire’s expression because she was still in the dark coffin. The darkness she gathered around it was so thick that I could barely make out the outline, despite only being five steps away.

Most people wouldn’t be able to figure out the vampire’s intentions without even being able to see her expression. But I could read her thoughts.

「A disciple does everything their master says. I shall make him do all kinds of strenuous things」

And the vampire had her sights set on making me as miserable as possible.

「I’ll show your insolent mind what the meaning of respect is. You treated me like some hag, so you shall see how a hag handles her students」

Even her way of thinking was very old-fashioned. She only wanted to teach me so she could mess with me.

Is she childish for being so petty or mature for not having crushed me to pulp on the spot?

I didn’t plan on learning bloodcraft, and this only reinforced my opinion. I shook my head.

“I have no intention of learning bloodcraft.”

「…What?」

The vampire was shocked. She seemed so surprised by my refusal that even her voice was trembling.

「You don’t want to learn…? Despite my offer to bestow my teachings…?」

“Nope.”

「I have had only a handful of disciples in my life. It’s a rare opportunity to learn from someone like me. You really don’t want to learn bloodcraft?」

She asked again and again in disbelief. I really didn’t need it. I scratched my head and gave her a more detailed response.

“Just to let you know, we got rid of the master-disciple thing even before the Military State was founded. That system was causing way too much trouble.”

「Why?」

“What do you mean, why? It’s because there were many cases of disciples being treated like slaves. They would uphold their masters like kings and queens for years, and all they would get in return was some shitty martial art or magic. Master-disciple arguments caused so many lawsuits that countries ended up banning the whole thing due to how many problems it caused. That’s some ancient bogus from the Mien Empire over a thousand years ago.”

The vampire laughed in disbelief. With significant anger this time, she muttered out a threat.

「It is bloodcraft. The art, the authority that birthed me into this immortal being. You dare treat it as some… paltry trick?」

“No, no, I wasn’t talking about bloodcraft. I never said bloodcraft was outdated. I was talking about the master-disciple thing. Also…”

I wasn’t sure whether I should continue, but I had no other choice. I didn’t want to put myself on a leash just to keep her happy.

Maybe if the leash had a shining golden collar, I would try it on, but a tattered collar made a thousand years ago didn’t seem worth it.

I decided to give my honest opinion.

“Bloodcraft isn’t garbage… but, like, it’s kind of really old, isn’t it?”

– Rumble.

The tremor that shook Tantalus probably wasn’t just my imagination. Blood boiled. The vampire’s rage was beginning to manifest itself in reality. I was tempted to dropdown to my knees and beg her to accept me as her disciple. Just so I could escape this pressure.

But in that case, the only future I had was one of endless training. Just tending to the vampire’s needs without any free time.

Actually, the lifestyle wasn’t too different from the situation I was in right now. The bigger issue was that she would continually ‘test’ me during her teachings.

If I were to reveal how weak I was through the training… my bloated image would lose all its air and deflate. The image I had constructed with false bravado would disappear.

It would reveal that I was just a normal person.

While it was a fact, it was one that I could never reveal. In order to prevent the death prophesied through the Regressor’s memories, I required authority.

Even if it meant risking my life.

「Oho」

Whether she liked it or not, vampires were ancient. Of course, the elderly say that they didn’t like being treated like old people, but you couldn’t exactly talk to them like you would to your friends. Thankfully, her maturity was befitting of her age, so even if she got a little angry; she wouldn’t swing her sword without any provocation, unlike a certain someone I knew.

I added to what I said.

“I mean, it’s an amazing art for you, who has practiced it for over a thousand years. But the technique itself is already a thousand years old.”

「So… you continue to mock my—」

“No, I wasn’t criticizing you for it. I just meant that it is quite outdated in this day and age.”

「Wait… Are you saying bloodcraft is rubbish?」

– Crunch.

Something devoured the space above my shoulder. I slowly turned my head over to look.

The sanguine horse was blowing steam from its nostrils, while glaring at me. I wasn’t quite sure what it was chewing on, but I was pretty sure I knew what it wanted to chew on. The sanguine horse glared as it spat on the concrete ground.

Ptew-.

The concrete floor where his saliva landed began to melt.

‘Oh, I was wondering. I guess I really can’t read a familiar’s mind…’

「Leave him be, Ralion」

Neeeiiigh~

The steed’s hooves shook the ground. The red hooves were clearly etched into the concrete, almost like a letter getting sealed with an ink stamp.

‘Hm. This may be more than I can handle. Maybe I made a bad choice?’

「Alright. Then you may just stand there and observe. Don’t think you can change your mind if you regret it later」

‘If I say I don’t want to watch, will she actually kill me? Alright, I should just accept this.’

The upset vampire tore her gaze away from me and looked back at the Regressor. The large coffin slid smoothly across the ground, stopping right in front of Shei.

「Boy. What is your name?」

“My name is Shei.”

「Alright, Shei. Shall you follow my teachings? The process may be painful, but the end shall be extravagant. I shall teach you wholeheartedly, so are you doubtless in your desire to learn?」

The Regressor didn’t even reconsider. Even if she died, she could just try it again. She shrugged before responding.

“Of course, I’ll swear on it. However…”

The Regressor added a few conditions.

“I’ve picked up a lot of things from all kinds of places, so I can’t be the pure successor you desire.”

「No matter. Just swear to one thing」

“If it’s something I can do, sure. What is it?”

Blood drops bubbled in the air. The bloated orb morphed into the shape of a hand pointing straight at me.

「That you will crush that insolent brat!」

The Regressor grinned.

“I was already planning on it.”

‘Huh? Me? Why all of a sudden?’

I blinked at the fact that I had just become the common enemy of the two women, I could only watch as the two women united.





༺ Why Do You Disobey the Natural Flow of Time? ༻

Taking my place, the vampire spoke sternly.

「Before I teach you bloodcraft, I will assess your abilities」

As if she had been expecting it, the Regressor gripped Chun-aeng’s hilt. The blade seemingly howled as the Regressor unsheathed its edge, eager to demonstrate its strength. When the Regressor swung at the air, a clear sound permeated through the darkness.

– Fwoosh.

The Regressor swung her blade back and forth.

“My blade is… special. It’ll be hard to gauge my true strength with this. Do you want me to use something else?”

「It doesn’t matter. What you wield is a part of what makes you so special」

“If you say so. So, what do you want me to do?”

– Creak.

The coffin’s lid slid open. A white hand broke through the darkness, its fingertips aimed towards the ground. And then, a black droplet fell.

Drip.

The shadow, darker than night itself, began to grow as though it was a sapling. As plants developed through sunlight and air, the black orb found its sustenance from the darkness around it. The wavering shadow quickly manifested itself into the shape of a knight in pitch-black armor.

「It is an echo of the past」

Neither I nor the Regressor were really curious, but the vampire continued her explanation.

「An echo of a knight I met before… The dark knight who reaped hundreds of lives. I called him forth from his blood and weaved his plating from the shadows. Your task is to face him」

“Can I destroy him?”

「If you are capable」

The vampire continued to talk, sounding rather prideful of her creation.

「However, it will not be so simple. It may be an echo of the past, but it shares the same blood of the original knight. His armor that I’ve made from the shadows bears a toughness harder than steel. He is as close to perfect—」

– Fwoosh.

The darkness was suddenly cleaved in two. Along the trail of the blade, the world was split. It was a swing that cut through space itself. The Aerial Blossom was a pair of scissors that severed the world. Even the black mist, supposedly stronger than steel, gave way to the Regressor’s lone strike.

She said earlier that she could cut light itself. I don’t doubt it anymore. After all, she had no trouble cutting the darkness.

「…Not bad」

The vampire expressed amusement as she witnessed the swordsmanship. However, her real thoughts showed a little more shock than that.

「Huh…? Even if he wields a special sword… A single strike? That echo should’ve been almost impenetrable to anyone besides paladins…」

‘You’re surprised, aren’t you?’

The creation of the knight wasn’t the true extent of the vampire’s power, but it should’ve been more than enough for a skinny ‘boy’ like the Regressor. She had recreated the once-infamous black knight, and the Regressor had taken it out in a single strike.

「At that age? Has there been some gigantic development to humanity while I was asleep…?」

I hope you don’t take her as the standard. The Regressor has gathered all kinds of secrets and abilities over the numerous lives she’s lived. Even if she hasn’t regained her true power, some of it is still intact. And to add on to that, she has that ridiculous blade.

It’s not that humanity made large developments. She stole humanity’s future for herself.

The vampire quelled her surprise.

「You don’t even seem to be twenty years old yet. Your talent is quite impressive. For someone of your caliber, you would be more than capable of forging your own path」

“Well? I’m not too talented. I just got lucky and found some secrets that quickly let me get stronger. There are plenty of people in the world with more talent than I have. I’m nothing more than a copycat who follows their tracks, imitating their journeys.”

The Regressor meant what she said. To her, who walked amongst monsters every life, any weakness was a reminder of her inferiority.

It may have sounded like she was being overly modest, or even boasting, but she was truly nothing compared to the enemies she had to face.

「You really are too modest」

“It’s not modesty. Look.”

The Regressor pointed the blade at me. I almost jumped in surprise.

Fuck. Why does she need to point at people with a weapon? Does she have no manners? Considering the fact that people think even pointing a finger at a person can be rude, a sword is completely out of the question.

The Regressor smirked at my response.

“Even he deflected my strike.”

「That blade of yours?」

“Yeah. This Chun-aeng. With a single finger too.”

「That brat?」

‘Well, it’s true… but I don’t think I could do it again even if I tried.’

「If he deflected this boy’s strike with a single finger, he must be at least several stages stronger. Is that normal for youngsters these days? Can children cut steel now?」

‘The Regressor… And now me, who has been placed above the Regressor. The vampire made the mistake of overestimating the average of the entire world after looking at the wrong samples.’

Don’t calculate the average based off the Regressor! How will everyone else feel? You need to apologize to the majority of the world that you just deemed less than average!

And especially me! My score is too inflated!

「When he said bloodcraft was outdated, was he not just being rude…? Has time really pushed the world that far ahead?」

After having unintentionally induced another misconception…

“…So, I’ll try my best to learn.”

「If that is so…」

「I, too, shall try my hardest so this boy can defeat that insolent brat over there」

…The vampire decided to give it her all.

Tyrkanzyaka extended her finger towards Shei. The tip of her finger developed a slight crack. From the newly formed opening, red blood began to flow. It was a little different from the blood that the vampire typically controlled.

The blood was normally controlled by the vampire through her authority as the Progenitor glistened and wavered with a deep red magical energy, as if it was ready to infect the world.

However, the blood that the vampire was releasing now was just like any normal blood… it was to the point where it felt strange.

The blood shone a normal shade of red, not emitting energy, with a slight scent of iron. It seemed to propose the hypothesis that the same blood flowed in vampires as the rest of humanity. However, its aura was large enough to fill up all of Tantalus. Even the darkness itself seemed to be retreating in awe.

The string of blood slowly flew towards the Regressor and circled around her.

「With great strength comes great sacrifice. However, you have more than enough potential to compensate for that」

“This is…”

「My original blood」

The original blood of the Progenitor.

If one were to present this to the church, they would instantly receive the position of a paladin and be showered with the highest of blessings.

If one were to offer it to another vampire, they would promise great fortune and power.

And if one was willing to take a bigger risk, they could put the blood within themselves. If they were to successfully eliminate the hyenas that lusted for the blood of the Progenitor, an extra seat would be added to the Table of Twelve Elders.

In any case, it was something that could completely change a person’s life.

“What’s this for? Do you want me to become a vampire? I don’t really know if I want to do that.”

Facing such a treasure, the Regressor—past being uninterested—had an expression of dislike on her face.

The vampire was shocked once more.

「But it’s… my original blood…? The blood that shook the world with merely its existence? He doesn’t want it at all?」

With a quivering voice, the vampire continued, trying her best to hide her emotions.

「…No. I do not wish to make you a vampire either. I cannot make the same mistake again」

“Then…?”

「I shall engrave the original blood onto your heart. The blood of a predator. With it, your instincts in controlling blood would become honed to their maximum potential」

“Oh, like that? Then sure!”

The Regressor spread her arms wide open. It was clear that she wasn’t interested in the blood itself, but was willing to use it as a supplement to aid her in getting stronger.

The vampire was upset by how little the Regressor had wanted her blood.

「It was originally supposed to be just a test. If he had wanted to become a vampire, he would not have been worthy of receiving my teachings… But I did not expect such a cold-hearted response. Are vampires no longer idolized by humans?」

The vampire stretched out her hand. The original blood headed to the Regressor’s chest and formed a red gear-shaped symbol above her heart.

「…If you do end up mastering bloodcraft, you should be able to remove my blood yourself. You can return it to me then」

“Alright. You sound a little tired though. Did giving me that blood tire you out that much?”

「…I am alright. Do not worry…」

「But it was my original blood… Have vampires been pushed out of the center of the stage already? I guess I have been asleep for three hundred years…」

It was a cold-hearted world. The vampire sighed, dejected at the idea.

「Now I shall bestow upon you my teachings」

While the vampire was explaining things to the Regressor, I stayed somewhat close to them. The reason was simple. The original blood. The blood heralded in legends for the last thousand years. The blood that could afford me a fortune… The blood that would allow me to live like royalty for the rest of my life. That blood that had engraved itself onto the Regressor. It was a tattoo more valuable than gold.

However, I had already refused to become the vampire’s disciple. I couldn’t even dream of asking her for her original blood. She wouldn’t have given it to me in the first place. That much was clear after reading her thoughts. She only used it so that the Regressor would be able to master bloodcraft because I had aggravated her.

‘Tsk. The vampire was overthinking things. If she wanted me under her wing, all she needed was to give me some original blood as well. If she had ordered me to kneel, I would’ve bowed down and licked her feet like a dog.’

However, I still had a chance. The vampire was still confused from the passage of time during her long slumber. As evident by her thoughts, she was still adjusting to the current world.

And if that were the case?

Maybe, if I talk things through well, I might get something.

「Hm…? What are you trying to do? Did you not say that you were uninterested?」

I withstood her hostile gaze. For some reason, she seemed to have taken a dislike towards me.

“I am an official of the Military State, and Tantalus is a place of disciplinary correction. I have a responsibility to oversee the actions of the trainees.”

「Observe for my sake? Someone like you will oversee me?」

“Responsibility doesn’t always fall in line with one’s ability, as you know. As much as I trust in you, I still have a duty to watch and observe what you are doing.”

「Responsibility and ability… I guess that could be a form of chivalry in these times. If he says so, I guess it is understandable」

The vampire seemed to accept my explanation filled with false confidence.

Phew.

Who knew claiming to be from the Military State would help out so much?

Despite that, the vampire still had some qualms.

「However, I am in the middle of teaching a disciple. The secrets of such crafts need to be shared privately, do they not?」

“Just how long ago are you talking about? These days, a single teacher teaches as many as fifty students. A different teacher is chosen for each subject ranging from combat and magic to strategy. Students themselves pick the classes they want to take and learn together in public environments.”

「Lies. What idiot would share their precious secrets so easily?」

“The State. The country collects and controls all knowledge. They sort it out and distribute it to the people for no cost.”

All knowledge was power—be it swordsmanship, magic, or strategy. At least, that was how it had been in the vampire’s times. There was a reason why the system of masters and disciples existed. The master was clearly above the disciple, and the disciple would work like a slave for the master, hoping that they could gain some of the former’s knowledge one day.

Yet, to think of a time when such secrets would be open to everyone, the vampire couldn’t even close her mouth at the revelation.

「Unbelievable」

“Students also have many teachers. They go to private academies and take classes from top of the line, State-managed schools. The teachers don’t think badly of them for doing so either. It’s now the age of enlightenment. Knowledge is no longer transferred secretly. It awaits objective judgement, open to the rest of the world.”

The vampire asked the Regressor if I was telling the truth.

「Shei, is that true?」

“Yep. It’s the sole good thing the Military State has done.”

「I see…」

After staring at the vampire, who was still in shock because of the change brought about by time, the Regressor turned back to me with a pout.

“It’s not like you need to listen to that bastard. He’s just worried we might be plotting something.”

「No, if the world has chosen its path, then I too must conform. Resistance to that flow is meaningless. I should not stop him from watching us」

The Regressor’s face soured. After throwing her a light, teasing grin, I settled down nearby, ready to see if I could gain anything from their training.

The vampire continued her lesson after giving me permission to stay and watch.

「…So, blood is life. It gives you energy as it flows through your body and allows you to draw out your power. You need to become aware of every single drop of blood in your body. You need to be able to sense where every vein flows」

The session continued with the vampire’s droning voice. I’d have fallen asleep already, but the sight of the Regressor completely focused on the vampire’s words made me think otherwise.

‘Does this even help? She sounds like she’s just talking out of her ass. Should I try concentrating too?’

I focused on Tyrkanzyaka’s words and the thoughts that formed the words.

「You have so many powers hidden in your body. Understanding your body is the first step to wielding that power. Feel the pulsing hot streams that branch out throughout your body」

‘I am a mind reader. Nobody is capable of understanding the words of people better than me. Even the worst teachers can be the best references to me because I understand the intention behind the words. All I require is for the teacher to be knowledgeable in their own field.’

I closed my eyes and concentrated. I could feel the beating sensation of my heart and the pulsing of my arteries.

‘I can feel it! Is this the power of blood?’

「Blood is like a river. Rivers may seem like they flow elegantly, but water seeps into even the tiniest holes within the earth. The water the earth absorbs would moisturize the soil and eventually make its way back to the ocean. What you need to feel is not the river that everyone can easily feel. The blood that seeps into every part of your body. You need to understand that power」

‘Or, maybe not. Well, even if I am a great learner, things such as talent and compatibility certainly exists. It’s not like someone can do everything they read in a book. It’s not like I’m an idiot or anything either. Bloodcraft just isn’t for me. Good thing I didn’t learn it. The most I would’ve been able to do is stop a cut from bleeding anyway.’

「The biggest obstacle to bloodcraft is the heart. The heart is what binds your soul to the world, and yet, under normal circumstances, it moves blood regardless of your intentions. That is why… only the dead can truly master bloodcraft」

The Regressor seemed to realize something.

“So that’s why vampires are considered undead.”

「Indeed. Vampires learn to move their bodies solely through bloodcraft. In order to become a vampire, you need to die. You made the right choice in refusing my offer. Your beating heart is proof of your existence as well as the essential ingredient in going even beyond. The heart after all, is a privilege of the living…」

As if she was reminiscing about something, the vampire paused briefly between her words.

「I lost myself for a second. Moving on, in order to learn bloodcraft, you need to control your heart. You need to make it stop momentarily or cause it to beat even faster. Do you understand?」

“Vaguely. You’re asking me to control the pace of my heart when I can control my blood a little, right?”

「You’re a fast learner. Remember, the heart is the root of your existence. It moves your blood, purifies it, and draws magic energy from its very essence. It is the core of your body, so always…」

‘Moves blood, purifies, and draws out magic…? Wait. That’s not right.’

“Hold on, Trainee Tyrkanzyaka.”

I stood up. The vampire seemed annoyed at my disruption.

「…What is it?」

“Sorry, but the heart isn’t the magic core.”

It was probably because she was from older times.

“Most vampires turned their hearts into their magical cores, so you may think that’s the norm. However, using the heart is actually extremely inefficient and dangerous. Additionally, in order to properly use the heart as a magical core, you need to calm down your breathing as well. These days, people make their magical cores elsewhere.”

「…」

“That was how it used to be, but ever since the magical revolution four centuries ago, people stopped doing that. We have found ways to draw out magic without linking it directly to an organ in our bodies. This is the most basic lesson you learn in middle school these days, so it’d be useful to have some knowledge about it… Oh, sorry. Did I interrupt too much? You can continue.”

‘Phew. Another good deed done. With that, she’ll probably be much fonder of me—’

「Is he actually crazy?」

Contrary to my beliefs, the Regressor was glaring daggers at me.

‘Huh? What happened? I just corrected a mistake.’

「You think I don’t know that? Why would you interrupt someone in the middle of their explanation without waiting to listen to the whole thing?」

It was infuriating to see the Regressor acting as if she was the sensible one. It was a given that you should always correct mistakes. The vampire was ancient after all. It was best if we could communicate to our elders properly.

「…Anyway」

Trying her best to ignore me, the vampire continued speaking.

「Even if the heart stops, the blood inside must continue to flow. Blood that stays still pools and rots. Blood that makes its way through the body eventually loses its magic… I mean, this is in the case that the heart is the magical core. Moreover, impure blood purifies itself at the heart, so it is imperative that blood constantly flows to prevent the tainting of your internal body」

“Hold on. Actually, it’s not at the heart. It’s in the lungs.”

There were a lot of holes in her knowledge probably because of how old-fashioned she was.

This would undoubtedly cause problems if you tried to interpret it directly.

“Actually, what people considered impure blood was just blood that lacked oxygen. Oxygen is inhaled into our body and burns the energy we have to keep our body moving. This process isn’t a matter of purity, but rather consider it more like a fire burning. Just as a burning log stops burning when you cover it with a blanket, the fire of the body stops burning if you close the passageway to the lungs. That’s called dying.”

「W-Wait, that’s how it works? I never knew that…」

‘I get why the vampire wouldn’t know, but how do you not know this? You learn this in middle school. …Oh, wait. You’re an orphan. You didn’t go to middle school. My bad. Then… is it possible that I am the most educated person in Tantalus right now?’

The thought made me feel a little better about myself.

“Anyways, now that you know. You may continue your—AAAAAHHHHH!”

A surge of goosebumps raced across my skin, warning me of impending danger. Without hesitation, I immediately leaped to the side. Moments later, the sanguine steed’s hoof obliterated the ground I was standing on.

The concrete floor shattered as though it was glass. Chunks of stone hammered my back.

The horse trampled the floor once again, as if it were disappointed that it missed. The concrete ground gave way like sand each time the hooves reached it. I screamed out.

“Hey! I almost died!”

「Stop making such a fuss!」

“I’m not making a fuss! Any normal person would’ve been annihilated from that attack!”

「Good thing you are not any normal person, then」

‘If I couldn’t read minds, you’d have been a murderer! Murder is a death sentence here, you know?!’

「Yes! I am old! I have never been able to fit in with the rest of the world! So what?!」

“Huh? When have I ever said you’re old?”

「Like that! Your attitude! You think of me as some ancient crone!」

“I never said that!”

「So you’ve thought so?」

Oopsie. She caught on.

She appeared to have caught on to the fact that I had become aware of her realization.

Blood boiled. I felt an ineffable emotion surge up from the vampire’s heart.

‘W-Wait. Is this emotion that I sense now… perhaps…?’

I asked carefully.

“A-Are you perhaps slightly angr—AAAAAHHHHH!”

– Psk.

A crimson orb hurtled towards me with great speed. I rolled along the floor in an attempt to dodge it. After narrowly missing by a hair’s breadth, the orb decimated the concrete floor behind me.

「You think you would be any different? You were just lucky that you were born in such nice times! Should I make you a vampire? Do you want me to trap you in my immortal display case that nobody will visit for the rest of your life?」

The attacks continued. Multiple crimson orbs were hurled at me. They didn’t have any desire to kill. The emotion attached to them was as though the progenitor was a child throwing around her toys.

The problem was that the things Tyrkanzyaka was tossing around, were not toys. Toys would just sting if you get hit by them, but these crimson orbs would mean certain death at a single touch.

‘I’ll actually die at this rate. I need to draw her attention somehow, but how?’

「If you are so smart, why don’t you teach her yourself?!」

“Alright!”

At my exclamation, the barrage of attacks momentarily ceased. Relieved at the sudden respite, I raised my body back up.

“Trainee Tyrkanzyaka. I have seen your social potential that exists deep within.”

「Are those your final words?」

‘I’ll really die if I chicken out of here.’

I ignored the vampire and continued to explain.

“What really matters in rehabilitation is the desire to live and integrate with other people in a society. I see that desire is prevalent within you. That is definitely an ideal that matches the flow of current times.”

‘First thing’s first…’

I spat out random words I had glimpsed from the vampire’s mind.

Hopefully one of them would calm her down.

「Mesh with the times?」

Thankfully, she calmed herself down and began listening more carefully to my words.

“So, I’ve come to a conclusion today. That you all have the potential of reintegrating back to society.”

「…And who are you to judge that?」

“You are all currently being held in the re-education facility, Tantalus. You are all trainees, and I am your trainer. I lead all of you in this small society.”

The vampire probably didn’t even know about the re-education part of this facility. I pointed towards myself with my thumb.

“I shall teach you all! Teach all of you how to fulfill that desire to live normally so that you may all become respected members of society again!”

‘So please don’t kill me.’

Hiding my true thoughts, I finished my speech.

「…Ha」

The vampire lowered her hand. The dozens of crimson orbs that had been floating in midair, all dropped to the ground. The orbs that had destroyed the concrete floor so easily, melted back into blood and seeped into the ground.

‘Phew. I’m alive!’

As I was about to bask in my relief, the vampire muttered under her breath.

「I wondered what you might say, but it was just words you would not be able to take responsibility for」

‘How’d she know?’

A depressed voice crawled out from within the coffin.

It was the voice that had given up hope many times. The type of hope that this time would be different.

「I am a vampire. A predator who lives off of human blood. Humans either avoid me in fear or wish to be me. Regardless of my desire, our very existence can never mesh properly. A wolf cannot live in a herd of sheep, can it?」

‘The way she keeps making metaphors really reminds me of old people. Wolves and sheep, huh? So what if she’s a wolf? There’s barely any wolves around these days.’

But she’d freak out again if I mentioned that, so I decided to respond with another metaphor of my own.

“Of course, they can.”

「That is something easier said than done」

“Should I show you proof?”

「Try it if you will」

The vampire thought in a rather pessimistic manner.

Reading that thought, I pulled out the bell from my pocket and rang it.

Now, with a familiar roar, something burst through the second floor kitchen window and ran outside.

– Crash!

After having torn through the steel bars of the windows like candy, Azzy landed on the floor and dashed towards me.

“This here is a wolf that can live with a herd of sheep.”

Azzy skidded to a stop next to me. With a mouthful of saliva, she looked at me with anticipation in her eyes.

I extended my arm and petted her head. With a satisfactory bark, Azzy closed her eyes as she enjoyed my touch.

“Dogs used to be wolves. Even the dogs that are raised to ward off wolves from livestock used to be wolves a long time ago. But sheep are not scared of dogs. Dogs do not eat sheep either. Well, they might gnaw on a sheep bone the farmer tosses them from time to time, but that’s about it.”

Both predators and prey could change. Beasts have become tamed by humans. Dogs, for example, is a case where an entire species was tamed.

The vampire was now lost in her thoughts. It didn’t seem like she’d respond for some time.

‘Now’s the time.’

“Woof? Food, where?”

“I’ll give it to you in a bit. Let’s head to the kitchen.”

“Woof-woof!”

“Didn’t you eat earlier? And you want to eat again already? Are you sure you’re not the Pig King?”

“Bark! No! Not pig!”

Dogs and pigs, what’s the difference anyway? But because of how strongly Azzy responded, I needed to let her have her way here.

“A-Alright, alright. Don’t bite me!”

Naturally leaving the scene, I headed back to the building with Azzy, leaving the vampire alone with the Regressor.

「That bastard…」

After I was decently far away, I heard the Regressor’s thoughts at maximum range.

「He left me alone to deal with her after causing this entire mess?!」

‘Oops, she caught on. Let’s run.’

“Azzy! Run!”

“Woof!”

I sprinted towards the building with Azzy trailing behind.

Meanwhile, the black coffin floated in place unflinchingly.





༺ Humans Use Tools ༻

– Riiiiiiiing!

The alarm felt more like a persistent ache rather than just a mere loud noise.

Would a cricket made of steel make a noise like this? It felt like a razor-thin blade was chopping away at my ears.

Unable to resist, I lurched out of the bed and silenced the clock. Waking up with a throbbing headache every day was hardly a pleasant routine, and I gritted my teeth, trying to dampen the ringing in my ears.

“Ugh. That fucking alarm clock.”

The State allowed setting the alarm earlier, but never later than 8 o’clock. No matter how late you tried to set it after that, the piercing screech that always followed suit was almost like an attack.

It was said that the fastest way to find a corpse was to look for a house with an alarm that didn’t turn off. Only the dead could bear that noise.

The only way to guarantee a peaceful slumber was to smash the alarm clock to bits, but the consequences of oversleeping were just as dire. In the Military State where everyday life needed to tick perfectly like a cog in a machine, being late was almost a crime.

“You bastards. At least wake us up more peacefully.”

After stretching my body, I caught a glimpse of my reflection in the mirror above the sink. The broken mirror reflected my face, distorted from the cracks.

I was wearing a standard shirt. It was the same clothes I had been given before being strapped in a straitjacket. The shirt was already heavily creased from having worn it for several days.

“I need to wash my clothes soon. I can’t keep wearing the same clothes every day.”

There must be some clean clothes left somewhere. After washing my face, I headed out, looking for anything else I could wear—

“Woof.”

And then immediately closed the door again.

I held the handle tight and pressed my back against the door.

‘Why is that furball waiting outside my door? Does it plan to drag me along on a morning walk?’

“Woof, woof.”

‘Nope. Absolutely not. I have so many things on my plate already. I need to cook for Azzy since nobody else will. Now I need to walk her on top of that? At this rate, I wouldn’t have any personal time to do what I need to do.’

What’s wrong with just a little walk? That’s the Dog King. They take walks like a king as well.

“Woof, woof, woof.”

I could hear her front paws scratching on the door. The residence for workers had no locks, so the door rattled alongside my body every time her paws touched the door.

Although Azzy wasn’t trying to break the door yet, it felt as though a battering ram was smashing its horns against the door. I would tire out before the door could break at this rate.

In times of siege, the defenders often charged out of the castle, even if their forces were much weaker than their attackers. They didn’t do this because they were stupid. Instead, they would rather try to do something before they starved to death.

I had the same mindset as I clutched the door handle.

“It’s time, you damned beast.”

I was scared.

Who wouldn’t be scared to fight a monster that could tear flesh from bone with a single bite?

However, dogs were loyal to humans. The Dog King had infinite loyalty towards humans and would likely not attack me. There was a possibility that she might bite me in her rebellious struggle, but she wouldn’t tear me to shreds.

I treated her well until now to gain her trust, but no more.

Humanity will no longer kneel.

We shall not meet the demands of mere animals.

I will fight. Even if it means death.

With a newfound determination rooted firmly in my heart, I opened the door to see Azzy staring up at me from the floor.

“What have you come here for, foul beast?!”

“Woof?”

‘If she even dares to ask me for a morning walk, I’ll collar her up. If she wants food like a pig, I’ll add in extra spices she can’t handle. It doesn’t matter that I can’t fight her head-on. It’s about the mindset. The thought that makes you want to fight! It’s time, mutt!’

“Woof.”

Azzy crawled to my feet. She then fell to the floor again, yawning.

‘Huh? She doesn’t want… a walk? Not even whining for food either?’

I waited for a minute, but all Azzy did was wag her tail against my legs.

“She’s just here. Phew.”

The Dog King was still a dog at the end of the day. They required interaction with humans. However, the other humans here weren’t exactly suitable for giving Azzy what she needed. The Regressor was too busy, and the vampire wasn’t even alive. The only person Azzy could really interact with was me.

I relaxed and lowered my hand in front of Azzy. Yawning, Azzy rubbed her face into my palm.

“Now this is more like a pet. You’ve finally realized your place.”

The rulers of this world was humanity. That was precisely why the Beast Kings adopted human form and spoke the human language. As the representatives of their respective races, they needed to be able to communicate with the rulers of the lands.

Azzy was just like any other dog in how active and energetic she was, but at least you could always communicate with her. My lips twisted into a sly grin as I patted her.

“Hehehe. Yes, good girl. I don’t even need to use my hands to communicate with you!”

‘Nothing is better than an obedient dog. Well, I think I can make this work. It’s acceptable.’

“Follow me, Azzy! Your nose will be useful in searching the offices.”

“Arf!”

I headed to the management offices, and Azzy got right back up to follow me.

If this were a normal prison, a towering watchtower would be built next to the facility. That tower would rise about two stories higher than the rooftop of the prison, watching over the inmates like they were ants in a colony.. If even a single prisoner was unable to be located, they would whip out their glaring searchlights and figure out a way to locate them anyhow.
