"Fine, fine. That old man must be on edge by now. If only that void creature that attacked you didn't sense my presence so soon, I would have probably had it..."

Azriel smiled bitterly but was internally relieved that he managed to get out of that situation.

'I swear, he needs to get his head checked,' he thought, though he actually understood Solomon's reasoning as well.

For someone so young to survive two years inside the void realm, and not only that but in Solomon's eyes, Azriel had killed enough void creatures to rank up to become a Grade 3 Intermediate.

No one except for the protagonist is currently as strong as Azriel is at the age of 16. Though not that anyone knows yet about the protagonist until the academy.

'Wait, what date is it even? Has the academy already actually started?'

Shaking his head, he decided he would find out more later when he was somewhere safer.

"You know he is basically as old as you are?"

"Exactly! Yet he is so mature for someone his age. He needs to learn how to have some fun!"

''Well, whatever...''

Shaking his own head, Solomon suddenly turned around and crouched down.

"Get on."

"Huh?"

"What? Or do you want me to hold you in a princess carry instead?"

Chapter 12: Prince Azriel
The ride back to the military base was extremely embarrassing for someone like Azriel, and he would rather never talk about it again.

Though he couldn't really complain much since there was perhaps no safer ride than that of Solomon, who was a literal saint, even though it's hard to remember.

No void creature had attacked them or even dared to get close, sensing the presence of a saint.

Azriel understood this but also found it strange, as there were always some that didn't really care, especially with how much Solomon tried to suppress his presence.

Only after getting a rough summary from Solomon about the weird things happening in Europe over the last few hours did he understand the reason.

'Still, to think a Leviathan-ranked creature has gone missing... I would have probably died if not for all those weird things happening. Does the God of Death perhaps have something to do with it?'

He thought this as he sat on a bed inside a simple room without any windows.

The room consisted of a single bed, a desk with a chair, and a door leading to a bathroom.

After arriving at the military base, the first thing he did was request a room so he could get some rest, a much-needed shower, and a new set of clothes.

Luckily, with Solomon's help, it all went quickly and smoothly.

Azriel immediately took a shower, changed into a simple black t-shirt and pajamas, and slept for four hours straight.

"Haa, he must have informed Uncle Ragnar that I'm already here. I am grateful that they gave me some time and let me rest at least."

Talking to himself, Azriel ran his fingers through his long hair.

"I should cut it before going back...home."

Standing up and stretching his body, Azriel glanced at the desk. A special black uniform was placed there, folded with black gloves on top.

A black furred coat was hanging on the chair. Next to the black uniform was a holster for Void Eater as well.

"I guess they want me to look presentable in front of the soldiers before leaving the room."

Murmuring to himself, he decided to go and finally get changed to meet Ragnar Frost.

******

Stepping outside of the residential building, which was entirely empty due to the soldiers training, Azriel decided to take a little detour before heading towards the building where Solomon and Ragnar were.

Solomon had already told him before he went to his room where he should meet up with him and Ragnar after resting.

It was already nighttime, and a full moon could be seen in the sky.

'The clothes fit me quite well and are comfortable,' Azriel thought as he walked towards the training facilities.

This was a rare opportunity to be in a military base in Europe at only 16 years old. He wanted to go sightseeing before he had to leave.

'Well, I suppose with my status, it wouldn't really be that hard to come here again. Or maybe it would now?'

The reason he was presumed dead in the first place was because he went to visit a military base close to Europe with his father.

'Dammit, they might become a little overprotective now...'

Azriel thought bitterly, knowing it would become a headache if his parents tried to restrict his freedom after returning from the dead.

'I just need to convince them properly. I mean, the fact that I am alive and, in their eyes, someone who managed to survive the void realm alone is proof enough that I can handle myself, no?'

Though in reality, he would have to make sure to train as well to improve his skills.

'I should focus the most on mastering my sword arts.'

While his mind kept thinking about a lot of things, he finally arrived at the training ground where he could see soldiers training.

'Parkour, huh...'

They were all going through multiple obstacle courses that most humans back in his previous life wouldn't even dare to try unless they were guaranteed to survive.

Yet here, every single one of them was training without any protection.

'It makes sense, I guess, to learn parkour since it is only beneficial when facing smaller void creatures. The entire terrain could be used as a weapon properly then.'

Though his posture and expression didn't show it, he was inwardly extremely impressed and in awe seeing how tall the obstacle courses were and how easily most were clearing them.

'Most here are probably experts and masters, as expected from one of the most dangerous military bases.'

"Alright! That is enough!"

The instructor, who had been watching them with his entire focus, suddenly shouted. Not a moment later, each soldier stopped, and those high up jumped back to the ground.

"Haha, good work out there!"

"Yeah! I managed to beat my personal record!"

"Tch, man, I have become slower."

"It's because you kept eating those donuts."

The soldiers could be seen laughing happily as they engaged in idle banter with each other.

All of them were simply wearing sleeveless white t-shirts with black military pants.

'How can they move in those pants?' Azriel thought as his eyes suddenly met those of one of the soldiers, who became extremely alert upon seeing him.

'Guess most don't recognize me. And of course, with these clothes, I would look more suspicious.'

The clothes he was wearing were certainly nice and suited him quite well, but they didn't have any ranks on them.

'Why the hell even this furred coat?'

It wasn't even that cold!

"Who are you?" the soldier asked after scrutinizing him from afar. His cold voice traveled throughout the entire training ground, catching everyone's attention. They all glanced at the soldier and then followed his gaze to Azriel.

The military base he was in wasn't that big, nor were there many changes in it, meaning that most soldiers here knew each other enough to recognize almost anyone they saw.

Seeing someone like Azriel, who had no badges displayed on his clothes, they all became alarmed.

'I should have thought this through, I suppose,' Azriel reflected. Perhaps he shouldn't have come here to sightsee, not in such a dangerous country.

As Azriel was about to open his mouth and speak to them, the instructor suddenly shouted, "I greet Prince Azriel of the Crimson Clan!"

He thumped his right fist against his chest and bowed his head in respect.

It seemed that only those of higher military rank knew a little about Azriel's presence here. The instructor, being one of them, managed to recognize him in time.

Silence filled the area as the soldiers tried to process what they had heard, glancing between Azriel and the instructor with wide eyes.

Until...

"I greet Prince Azriel of the Crimson Clan!" Each one of them said in unison, repeating the same gesture as the instructor.

Azriel gazed at them, his face unreadable, as each one of them slowly looked back up hesitantly and a little fearfully at his reaction.

'Huh? Prince?' Azriel thought.

'Oh right, in their eyes I am royalty...'

The four great clans are basically no different than royalty in everyone's eyes, as they rule over Asia with the respect of everyone on the continent.

'I forgot about that and just thought of Solomon's words before as him joking.'

Which he probably was.

'I should say something, no?'

Resolving his mind, Azriel smiled awkwardly and spoke to them.

"...Thanks."

Chapter 13: Crimson Blood
The only sound in the room was the relentless ticking of the clock on the wall.

Joaquin sat in the chair behind his desk, eyes closed, his expression unreadable.

A gentle breeze drifted through the open window, making his obsidian hair, which fell to his shoulders, flutter.

As the clock ticked again, his phone buzzed.

Opening his eyes, they revealed deep, pitch-black orbs that seemed to absorb all light, like endless voids.

He glanced at his phone on the desk and checked the time:

00:00.

"Another year gone by just like that..." he murmured.

Azriel Crimson, his son's birthday had officially passed.

It was the only day his daughter, who had become distant and cold, would come home from the academy, refraining from training until she collapsed from exhaustion.

It made Joaquin's heart tremble. The mood in the Crimson Estate was at its worst, everyone preferring to be left alone, even his wife.

The hole in his heart ached more as he recalled his last moments with his son.

Azriel's aloof expression, without a single worry, as he watched the void rifts appear and Joaquin battle the harrowing creatures emerging from them.

Confident that his father would triumph against the waves of abominations. Joaquin never really understood what his son was thinking.

Azriel never tried his best, yet he never slacked off. He tried to hide his talents as much as he could, always skipping lessons to sleep.

Yet, Joaquin remembered how Azriel trained alone at night when everyone was supposed to be asleep.

His crimson eyes always had a fire that couldn't be extinguished when he was training, driven by something that made him swing his sword relentlessly.

"I failed you as a father, my son..." Joaquin's voice was hoarse.

He didn't understand why Azriel never ran away.

He was always watching his son, making sure no harm befell him.

Almost always...

'If only not for that one second...'

That was all it took. A single second when multiple abyssal-ranked creatures attacked, demanding his entire attention.

In that exact moment...

Azriel was gone. Nowhere to be found.

Panic turned to fury as he thought the worst. He screamed Azriel's name, his voice raw and desperate, tearing through the battlefield.

He searched everywhere, ripping open the stomachs of every void creature he encountered, tearing out their intestines, frantically hunting for any sign of him.

Yet...

He never found him.

Ever since that day, he had never forgiven himself. His daughter had become cold-hearted, shutting everyone away and training to become stronger.

He could only comfort his wife as she did the same for him, mourning their son, who was presumed dead.

The Crimson Clan might have looked like an unbreakable wall from the outside, but in reality, they were broken from the inside.

Joaquin didn't even try to fix things, focusing only on his work instead. Even then, he never announced Azriel's death to the public.

He couldn't.

Not because of the consequences, but...

"He is not dead..."

Joaquin refused to believe that someone like his son had really died. There was no way his son would have fallen.

Standing up, he slowly walked to the open window and gazed at the full moon.

"...Beautiful."

The moon was simply beautiful tonight. If only it weren't for those dreadful creatures residing on its surface.

Joaquin's voice trembled slightly as he spoke again, his gaze fixed on the white moon.

"You have the Crimson blood running through your veins, Azriel."

"...Dying was never an option."

The wind howled, making his hair flutter wildly. Joaquin clenched his fist tightly until blood dripped onto the wooden floor.

"So where the hell are you?"

*****

'Thanks!? Who the hell says just thanks! Argh, I want to die... Wait, no, I will just come back! Dammit, I want to die twice! No, thrice, I already died twice!

What the hell am I even saying!?'

Inwardly, Azriel was a mess as he gazed at the soldiers expressionlessly. He wanted to bury himself in a hole and never leave.

Though for some reason, just giving them a small smile and thanking them was enough for each one of them to have their eyes sparkling.

'Ugh, how simple. It makes me feel bad for just saying thanks.'

"Prince Azriel, I apologize for not recognizing you earlier," the instructor suddenly spoke, bowing his head, followed by the others.

'They sure respect me a lot more than I thought... Even though each one of them could easily beat me up.'

Though he was glad at how respectful the soldiers in front of him were.

"You don't need to bow your heads. I am honestly impressed by how dedicated all of you are, training this late in such a dangerous country without any fear," Azriel praised them.

He could see their eyes sparkling even more as the cautious looks he was receiving from some of them lessened considerably.

'Glad I still remember those lessons in buttering people up...'

"It's only natural for us to be in top form when we could be battling any second," the instructor said as Azriel broke out a small smile, nodding toward him.

"That is true indeed..."

Acknowledging what the instructor had just said, he was about to end the conversation, unsure what more he could talk to them about, and go to the building where he was supposed to meet up with Solomon and Ragnar.

However, one of the soldiers hesitantly spoke up.

"Prince Azriel, if it doesn't offend you, may I ask you a question? Ah, of course, you don't need to answer if you are uncomfortable or anything like that!"

The soldier spoke hurriedly, trying to convince Azriel, which only made him try to suppress his lips from twitching.

'Stop acting so scared, dammit...'

"Sure, as long as I am able to answer."

"T-thank you..."

Taking a deep breath, the soldier spoke, "There has been a rumor for the past two years that you have been... well, dead. And seeing you now with your..."

The soldier tried to find the right words as he glanced at Azriel's long hair.

'So I'm not officially dead, huh? Only a rumor, meaning they have been suppressing information about me for the time being,' Azriel thought about the information he received before answering his question.

"My long hair? Doesn't suit me, right? Well, there wasn't really a barber in the void realm or anything similar like that."

The moment he spoke those words, everyone's eyes widened.

The instructor spoke up this time, "So the rumors are true... that you have been in the void realm for the past two years."

'Rumors must have gone around for the higher ranks, I suppose...'

As Azriel was about to speak again, a voice came from behind him suddenly.

"Here I thought I would wake you up, only to find an empty room, thinking you had gone back to the void realm as if those two years weren't enough. Man, you must have gotten homesick while missing those beautiful animals there."

Turning around, Azriel saw Solomon walking toward him, not just him, as next to him, he could see...

'Ragnar...'

Chapter 14: Happy Birthday
Stopping a little distance ahead of him, Solomon looked at Azriel with the same mischievous eyes he always had.

Ragnar, on the other hand, didn't spare a single glance at him as his ice-blue eyes swept through the training ground.

The moment the soldiers met Ragnar's gaze, it felt like a cold bucket of water had been poured over them, snapping them out of their shock.

"I greet Lord Ragnar and Saint Solomon!"

All the soldiers straightened their backs, hitting their right fists against their chests before bowing their heads down.

'Did I just hear someone's bone crack?'

As Azriel thought this, Ragnar's voice cut through the air, sending shivers down his spine.

"Leave. Now."

The moment he spoke those words, the soldiers broke into a run, hurriedly clearing the training ground, leaving only Azriel, Ragnar, and Solomon, who watched everything with an amused smile.

The air around them grew awkward as Ragnar finally looked at Azriel without saying anything, his expression unreadable.

'The hell is this...'

Unable to bear the atmosphere any longer, Azriel gazed straight into Ragnar's eyes, trying to smile.

"You look like you've seen a ghost, Uncle Ragnar."

He tried to lighten the mood, but Ragnar's intense stare felt like he was peering into Azriel's soul.

'Was the joke too soon?'

Sensing the tension, Solomon chuckled and spoke up.

"See! Told you he's become much livelier."

Ragnar hummed in response to Solomon as he suddenly walked closer to Azriel, making him tense up.

'Solomon convinced him that I'm not a skinwalker, right?'

Panicking inwardly at the thought that Solomon might have failed to convince Ragnar, Azriel was prepared to make a run for it—if that would have even worked.

But then...

'Huh?'

Azriel exclaimed, bewildered, as Ragnar suddenly placed both hands on his shoulders.

"It really is you, huh? To think you were actually alive all this time," Ragnar said softly, with a small smile on his face as he gazed at Azriel.

"Yeah..."

That was all Azriel could manage to say at the sudden turn of events.

He sighed with relief, realizing his fears were unfounded.

"Dying like that would have been too boring for someone like him anyway," Solomon chimed in from behind.

Ignoring Solomon's words, Ragnar spoke to Azriel again as he turned around and started walking away.

"Come. We should go somewhere more comfortable since we have a lot to talk about."

******

Azriel sat behind a table, gazing questioningly at the plate filled with rice and fried chicken in front of him. Ragnar and Solomon were sitting on the other sides of the table, looking at him.

"I thought you must be hungry after everything that happened, so I asked them to prepare something. Unfortunately, there wasn't really anything better to serve here," Ragnar said, dispelling Azriel's slight confusion.

'Anything better?'

Azriel thought as he tried not to drool.

He hadn't realized how hungry he actually was after everything that had happened.

Not only that, he couldn't even remember the last time he had eaten something properly in his previous life since his family had died.

"You don't need to worry, Uncle Ragnar. This is plenty."

Saying that, he took the spoon and tasted a bit of the dish.

"Delicious..."

It was honestly perhaps the tastiest food he had ever eaten in his life. The food assaulted his taste buds, making his eyes almost tear up.

'Haha, and here I always used to complain to Mom for making something so simple...'

Azriel thought bitterly, recalling memories from his previous life, how he used to fight with his mom about eating rice and chicken.

'I really was an ungrateful brat to them...'

"Personally, I prefer the juicy meat of those void creatures, especially after you grill them. Gods! Azriel, have you ever tasted a dark basilisk? You would die eating them—figuratively and literally!" Solomon exclaimed excitedly, as Ragnar glared at him, annoyed.

"Haha, I haven't had the chance to encounter a dark basilisk yet, though I'm not sure if I'm really eager to either," Azriel said nervously with a chuckle.

'I swear, his brain needs to be researched.'

'Though I have [Redo], so I could technically eat them even if I die.'

Azriel shook his head to dispel the weird ideas he was starting to get because of Solomon and continued munching on his food happily.

Before he even knew it, Azriel was done eating, feeling slightly disappointed.

"You want more?" Ragnar asked, noticing his expression, but Azriel shook his head.

"There is no need. This was plenty."

Ragnar hummed as he leaned back in his chair, while Solomon sipped a glass of wine that he seemingly produced from nowhere. His eyes were closed, his usual serene smile on his peaceful face.

'I swear, the way he acts so carefree makes me forget that he is an actual saint.'

Sighing, Azriel decided to ask the question he knew everyone was waiting for him to voice.

"How are they... my family, I mean?"

The moment he spoke, Solomon opened his eyes, his expression turning sour.

"Suffocating. What else?" Solomon said bitterly, making Azriel confused. Luckily, Ragnar elaborated.

"They're all doing fine, at least physically. But being in the Crimson Estate just feels suffocating ever since you... died."

"Your sister has barely left the academy and spends all her time training until she collapses. Your father distracts himself with work, blaming himself for your death, thinking he failed you as a father."

"As for your mother... she barely leaves her room unless she's eating with Joaquin."

Azriel's heart ached hearing about the state of his family, the damage his death had caused.

'And there's no way to contact them right now...'

"Well, it shows just how much they actually cared for you," Solomon said, trying to cheer him up.

Azriel just shook his head and responded, his voice bitter.

"...I am unworthy of their love."

Not just theirs, but also that of his previous family as Leo Karumi. What had he really done to make any of his families proud?

Nothing.

"That doesn't matter," Ragnar suddenly spoke up, his voice becoming stern.

"Whether you think you are worthy or not of their love doesn't change the fact that they love you. Trust me, no matter what you do, your parents will always love you. I would know since I am a parent myself, after all."

"I mean, look at Celestina, my little princess—"

"Alright, alright! Please stop talking. I don't want to sit here listening to you ramble about your daughter for five hours straight again!" Solomon suddenly shouted, glaring at Ragnar, who coughed and looked away awkwardly.

"Right, I got sidetracked. Apologies."

Seeing their banter, Azriel's mood lifted a little as he tried to suppress a chuckle.

'They are certainly close.'

'But Celestina Frost, huh...'

He obviously knew who she was.

Celestina Frost was, after all, one of the main characters who was part of the protagonist's harem, just like his sister.

He only had his knowledge from the book since, as the previous Azriel, the most he did was exchange small greetings with her when he attended a banquet or something similar.

'Honestly, out of all the heroines, I liked her the most...'

She was probably, apart from Jasmine, the strongest heroine in the protagonist's harem. She was strong, smart, useful, and...

'Extremely beautiful,' Azriel thought, recalling the few times he had met her.

"Oh right! I totally forgot, since you decided to be the gift itself," Solomon suddenly said, making Ragnar and Azriel look at him confused.

'Gift itself?'

"It's already 00:48 as well, damn," Solomon added.

"What are you talking about?" Ragnar asked. Solomon chuckled before responding.

"Ha! Glad to see I'm not the only one who forgot. Have you forgotten what day just passed?"

The moment he said that, Ragnar's eyes widened, his usual unreadable face riddled with shock before it returned to normal.

A sigh escaped his lips.

"Of course I would forget as well..."

Solomon turned towards Azriel, meeting his eyes directly.

"Happy late birthday, Azriel," he said with a big smile.

"Mm, happy birthday. Sorry that we forgot," Ragnar also added.

Azriel kept blinking at them for a few seconds before he finally spoke...

"My what now?"

Chapter 15: The Unworthy Prince
Today was October 28, 2148, which meant yesterday was October 27, 2148...

The day of Azriel's birthday.

"You haven't checked your status in a while, have you?" Ragnar asked, noticing the confusion on Azriel's face.

Azriel shook his head.

"No... not really."

"Well, congrats, you're 16 now. Sixteen sounds so much better than fifteen anyway, right?" Solomon said with a smirk, leaning back in his chair with his feet on the table, prompting an annoyed glare from Ragnar, which he ignored.

"Ha! Imagine if you had returned to the Crimson Estate on your birthday. It would have been the ultimate gift!"

Ignoring Solomon's words, Ragnar spoke again. "We were already planning to visit today with the heads of the Nebula and Dusk Clans."

Just like the Frost and Crimson clans, the Nebula and Dusk clans were the remaining two great clans that ruled over Asia.

The Dusk clan ruled over the west parts of Asia while the Nebula clan ruled over the south parts.

"But now it would be best for us to go to East Asia a little bit later since we don't want to cause a commotion, and I mean not just with the great clans visiting. Your death isn't even official; only us four great clans and the higher officials of the government know about it."

Azriel nodded, understanding what Ragnar was saying, though a sigh escaped his lips at the thought of staying in this country for a few hours longer.

'Can't help it, I suppose...'

"Huh? Why should we be subtle about this?" Solomon suddenly raised his voice.

"If he's going to get attention, then why would that really matter? You know what they used to call you, don't you, Azriel?"

Azriel tilted his head in confusion.

"...I don't. Why, what did they call me?"

He didn't have any memory of such a thing.

'It probably isn't anything good, seeing how annoyed he looks.'

"He doesn't need to know if he doesn't already," Ragnar said, trying to stop him, but Solomon sighed irritably.

"The unworthy prince," Solomon said, looking Azriel straight in the eye, ignoring Ragnar's scowl.

His smile was gone, replaced with an unexpectedly serious expression.

"That's what they called you. Someone not fit to be the prince of the Crimson clan. A waste. A stain on the four great clans. Not just the public; I can bet that a lot of people in the four clans are relieved and happy with your death. Isn't that so, Ragnar?"

Ragnar closed his eyes, refusing to speak, but that told both Solomon and Azriel enough.

"The prince who never trains, has no talent, no motivation, no determination. One who has no dreams. Unworthy!"

His words resounded throughout the room.

'Why is he so angry...?'

For some reason, Azriel's heart felt heavy...

Glancing at Ragnar, he saw he wasn't the only one shocked by Solomon's sudden shift in tone.

Ragnar's eyes were wide open, staring at Solomon.

Neither expected him to react so strongly. Solomon took a deep breath, calming himself before he continued.

"...Even now, I still don't understand why you tried to hide how talented you are from everyone—"

"That was simply because there was no need to reveal myself," Azriel suddenly interrupted, his voice...

cold.

"I mean, why should I? Jasmine was already the center of attention, and Mom and Dad were proud of her. She enjoyed it and was happy. Why would I want to compete with her and the others of our age?"

Words escaped his mouth without him even understanding why.

"Wanting to become a hero, protecting the weak, slaying all the void creatures, and saving humanity, or becoming the strongest hero even. Is one of those things supposed to be my dream? Or all of them?"

His words cut through the air. This time it was his turn to be looked at in surprise.

"Just because one of those things isn't my dream doesn't mean I have none at all. Unworthy? I get called that for what? Because I don't dream so big? I mean, why should I? What is so wrong with not wanting to be a hero?"

"What if all I want is to live a peaceful life surrounded by the people I care about, huh?"

"Opening perhaps a small coffee shop, falling in love with a simple woman, and creating a nice small family together."

Perhaps deep down, he always knew about the words said about him behind his back.

He didn't know if it was the previous Azriel talking or if it was actually Leo talking.

Perhaps it was both...

Nevertheless, words kept flowing out of his mouth without stop.

"It was you guys that expected me to have such dreams, determination, and motivation. Not me. To train with the others, to show off what I am capable of, to be talented. ...To be worthy."

"And look where all of this has brought you in the end,"

Ragnar, who was quiet this entire time, suddenly spoke.

"This dream of yours will only be that... a dream. You are the son of Joaquin and Aeliana. You have the Crimson blood in your veins. Your fate was sealed the moment you had Crimson in your name. Instead, those big dreams you speak of are the only path you can take."

"I mean, look at yourself. You tried, didn't you? Tried to live peacefully, and what happened in the end? Got ambushed by multiple void rifts only to get sucked into one and spend two whole years of your life in the void realm surviving on your own. Just for finally clawing your way out of that hell, you ended up in another called Europe."

'...That is not true,'

Azriel wanted to tell him that it was a lie. He didn't really spend two years in the void realm.

But...

would it really change anything that Ragnar had just said?

"A coffee shop? Do you really think such a thing was in store for you? You barely received any training in your entire life except that of Joaquin personally when he had time, and you still managed to survive all on your own at such a young age."

"Tell me, do you still think of such dreams? You already have a level 2 mana core, perhaps being the strongest of your age. Imagine what you would have achieved if you trained like the others."

'It was the god of death... His blessing is the only reason that I am a grade 3 intermediate...'

Yet again, he couldn't tell him anything.

Not that it mattered.

In the end, Ragnar spoke only the truth.

"It's not just that. This world simply won't allow you to live a peaceful life. We protect the weak simply because they are destined to be crushed. All we are doing is preventing the inevitable. Being weak is a sin in this world, and for those who try to stay weak, they might as well be slowly killing themselves."

Ragnar's cold blue eyes locked onto Azriel's blood-red eyes.

"You are meant to be a king, Azriel, not a coffee shop owner."

"For once, I agree with this old man," Solomon finally spoke again, his usual smile and carefree attitude returned.

"For the last time, I am not old."

"Sure, sure..."

Ignoring Ragnar's complaints, Solomon looked at Azriel with a fire in his eyes.

"Show them, Azriel. Show everyone who gave you the title of the unworthy prince what you are really capable of! Show those pathetic bastards who between you and them truly is unworthy. Show them that you are Azriel fucking Crimson! The one who challenged the void realm and Europe as a kid and survived!"

Chapter 16: The Sacred Capitals
Azriel and Ragnar both deadpanned at Solomon, who had both his arms raised in the air, shouting excitedly.

Though a small smile appeared on Azriel's face, the mood between them was getting a little too intense.

'Not that they're wrong, though... especially Ragnar.'

Azriel had no choice but to accept every word spoken by Ragnar.

Being weak is indeed a sin in this world.

And staying weak is a disgrace.

'But... we will see if my dream comes true or not.'

Perhaps he would have no choice but to become a hero, but that didn't mean being a hero would be the end.

'A means to an end instead... I will become strong enough to make sure no one stands in the way of my future coffee shop.'

For some reason, he was determined to have a coffee shop now.

Perhaps it was a mix of the previous Azriel and Leo that birthed such a dream.

It was something he merely said in the spur of the moment,

but...

it wasn't something he minded.

It at least gave him a goal now.

Not even as Leo Karumi did he honestly have any big dreams like becoming a millionaire, famous idol, or astronaut like other kids his age.

A hollow laugh escaped his lips, drawing the attention of Ragnar and Solomon, who looked at him weirdly.

'Ah, dammit... I really am like an empty shell.'

Azriel shook his head, dispelling the self-deprecating thoughts he was starting to have.

"So when are we going back to my home?"

Luckily, Ragnar decided to ignore Azriel's strange laugh and accepted the change of subject.

"Thomas is already taking care of everything, but due to the disappearance of the Leviathan and the inability to communicate outside of Europe, it's taking a bit longer."

"Oh! Don't forget the sudden disappearances of all the known Monarch and Titan-ranked abominations as well," Solomon added, making Ragnar's face sour even more.

"Yes, even the recorded Void creatures of those ranks disappeared without any of us noticing in the slightest. Something is obviously very..." Ragnar began.

"Wrong," Azriel finished for him, humming in agreement.

"At first, I thought with the amount of coincidences happening and your sudden return from death, we were dealing with a skinwalker strong enough to take down the Leviathan and the other high-ranking Void creatures,"

"So, at least another Leviathan-ranked skinwalker or perhaps even a Defiled one, huh?" Azriel mused, making Ragnar nod.

"Correct, but fortunately, I was wrong..."

'So, what actually happened?'

Having an entire Leviathan-ranked Void creature, along with other high-ranking Void creatures, suddenly disappear into thin air while being monitored 24/7 would normally be seen as impossible.

Yet it still happened.

"Hmm, maybe it was another Leviathan Void creature? Maybe no one noticed when another Phase 6 Void rift finally appeared after a hundred years?"

Solomon shared his thoughts, but Ragnar merely looked at him skeptically.

"And none of you Saints would have noticed the amount of mana fluctuations the Void rift would have caused if it emerged?"

"We are not gods. We don't understand how the Void Realm came to be or why the Void rifts are emerging. We know nothing. So, always be prepared for the unexpected," Solomon replied, surprisingly serious.

The words spoken by Solomon had a deeper effect on the two, enveloping the room in silence.

'Not gods, huh... I know that. After all, becoming a Saint isn't the end, not by a long shot,' Azriel thought.

"Still, if another Leviathan appeared, we would have definitely noticed the two clashing for dominance,"

The two continued their discussion about what was happening, waiting for Thomas to return.

If another Leviathan-ranked Void creature had appeared, it would mean the emergence of another Phase 6 Void rift somewhere in Europe, undetected.

Even then, it wouldn't explain how the two of them clashed without anyone noticing.

Unless...

'What if they didn't fight?...' Azriel wondered.

The thought was absurd, but as Solomon had said, always be prepared for the unexpected.

'A mind control ability, perhaps? But if that were true...'

Azriel shuddered at the thought of two Leviathan-ranked Void creatures working together.

Unless the Void creatures were of the same type and one of them a higher rank, they would never work with each other.

Having Void creatures of the same rank and different types work together was even more unimaginable.

And if he was correct, that the Leviathan was being mind-controlled by another Leviathan, or perhaps another rank, then...

'...Solomon won't be enough. No matter how talented he is, there's no way a single Saint could take down a Leviathan and another Void creature strong enough to control it.'

Half of Europe would be decimated.

'...I could still be wrong,'

As Azriel was lost in his own thoughts and Ragnar and Solomon discussed what might have happened, the door behind him suddenly opened.

"Thomas," Ragnar spoke from the side as Thomas entered the room, bowing his head towards each of them before finally looking towards Azriel.

"I am glad to see that not even death could hold you down, Prince Azriel."

Azriel smiled at hearing Thomas' words.

'Well, not entirely...'

"It's good to see you again as well, Thomas."

Nodding, Thomas addressed each one of them.

"I have prepared a helicopter for us. Though out of caution, we will be taking a longer route to reach EASC."

EASC, also known as East Asia Sacred Capital, is the largest and most populous city in East Asia where the Crimson clan resides.

Just like in East Asia, the other parts of Asia also have their own mega cities: NASC (North Asia Sacred Capital), WASC (West Asia Sacred Capital), and SASC (South Asia Sacred Capital).

NASC is ruled by the Frost clan, WASC by the Dusk clan, and SASC by the Nebula clan.

Each of these sacred capitals is the largest and most populous city in their respective territories. They are also known to be among the safest places to live in Asia.

In the center of Asia lies CASC (Central Asia Sacred Capital), the city where the Hero Academy resides and a neutral place where all four of the great clans rule together with the government.

"Finally..."

Azriel stood up, stretching his body as Ragnar and Solomon followed suit.

"Whoa! My shoulders feel so stiff."

"How is that possible? Aren't you a Saint?"

Azriel shook his head, hearing the conversation the two were having.

'Are they really among humanity's greatest powerhouses?'

'Doesn't matter, I guess...'

After all...

'It's finally time to go home.'

Chapter 17: Jasmine Crimson
Basking in the morning sunlight, Jasmine peered through the open window at the rift in the sky that had first appeared 150 years ago, resembling shattered glass never to be made whole again.

It was 6:20 in the morning, and the cheerful chirping of birds filled the air.

Her obsidian-black hair, inherited from her father, was tied back in a ponytail, swaying gently in the breeze.

Her eyes, crimson-red like precious rubies passed down from her mother, gleamed brightly in the sunlight.

Jasmine stood in her simple white tunic dress, having just awoken, her flawless porcelain skin illuminated by the morning light. Her face remained impassive, her gaze cold as she stared at the fractured sky.

"Haa..."

A sigh escaped her lips as she closed the windows.

"The weather is beautiful today"

Mumbling to herself, she decided to change into proper clothes and go outside.

Quickly slipping into black leather pants that hugged her legs, she paired them with a simple white t-shirt and topped off her outfit with a black cap.

"Good."

Nodding at herself while watching in the mirror, she left her room.

It had been a while since Jasmine had last toured around the capital.

Walking down the empty corridors, all the servants and her parents still asleep, she suddenly stopped.

Her eyes fixed on one of the doors.

Her little brother's room...

"Azriel..."

Her heart ached as she gazed at the door that once belonged to Azriel.

Yet, he was no more. His carefree and bright smile flashed through Jasmine's mind as she thought of him.

All the memories they had together—bickering, playing, laughing, eating—were now just memories.

"Why... why did you have to go and leave me, Azriel..."

Since his death, nothing had been the same.

The mansion had become as quiet as a graveyard. Her father had thrown himself into his work, and her mother never wanted to leave her room.

It became so suffocating that Jasmine never tried to come back here, except for yesterday, Azriel's birthday.

"...Even though I trained so hard, tried to become strong, it wasn't enough to protect you."

A self-deprecating laugh escaped her lips.

Becoming a hero had been Jasmine's dream—not humanity's hero, but her little brother's hero.

She trained every day to become strong, took all her lessons seriously to ensure she lacked no knowledge.

Praised by everyone, even her parents, she was always the center of attention.

The heiress of the Crimson Clan.

The brightest star of the Crimson Clan.

One who outshone everyone so much that even her little brother was left in the dark.

When people started comparing them, rumors emerged, which she noticed behind Azriel's back.

Even at banquets, people started talking about her little brother without any consideration.

"If only your brother was as good as you..."

"Does he even train?"

"He must have given up; he's so talentless compared to you, Princess Jasmine."

"He isn't even worthy to be a prince compared to the other great clans."

"Yeah, I heard he's still just a grade 3 dormant while the others are almost awakened."

Lies.

How she regretted not silencing those fools back then and only deciding to smile fakely at them.

She didn't want to cause commotion and unnecessary trouble for her parents and...

Azriel.

She wanted to tell them how wrong they were, unlike them, she was his big sister.

There was no way Jasmine didn't know how capable Azriel was.

But she knew the reason why he hid himself in the shadows.

Perhaps more than anyone else...

Jasmine had even caught her idiot brother training his affinities secretly late at night, the affinities one only got once they became a grade 3 awakened, not a grade 3 dormant, not a normal human.

She had secretly watched him train for hours until the sun rose with his ice and lightning affinities.

She didn't even know he had dual affinities like her until that night.

Maybe he secretly went to a death zone and fought against void creatures when no one noticed.

How he did it without anyone noticing she didn't know.

Perhaps her father did know, though.

She was extremely happy that night just seeing how talented he really was.

But because she knew what Azriel wanted, she never said anything against those rumors, until one time she really got fed up and confronted her father about it.

She just couldn't take it anymore, seeing how much people looked down upon her little brother.

But when Jasmine did confront her father about it, all he said was...

"Azriel made his own choices now he has to live with the consequences if mere rumors are enough to break him than perhaps he really is unworthy."

Just hearing those cold words from her father made her break into a fight with him and not talk to him for 2 entire weeks until Azriel himself stepped in when he noticed it was because of him that the fight started.

Her own little brother comforted her for something she actually started,

"I truly was a pathetic big sister to you Azriel I could never do anything for you..."

Jasmine bit her lips as she wiped the tears that were forming in her eyes away.

It was somewhat ironic to Jasmine how her parents now seemed to think only of her little brother every moment, especially since his passing.

"As if they hadn't been equally disappointed in him for not wanting to be a hero."

"Why did he even choose to go to a military base in the first place..."

Shaking her head, the pained expression on her face vanished, replaced by the familiar cold demeanor she had worn since Azriel's death.

She turned her gaze away from his untouched room, now gathering dust and visited by no one.

'I want to eat ice cream...'

Chapter 18: EASC
The blades of the helicopter cut through the air loudly as it descended toward the landing zone close to EASC.

Surprisingly, nothing happened on their way to EASC.

Not a single void creature attacked them when they left Europe.

Though they didn't have anyone escorting them, since there was no need now that Solomon was with them.

There are barely any planes flying in the sky anymore since the appearance of the void rifts.

"There is an SUV already prepared here that will bring us to the walls of EASC, but after that we can only go on foot, since no vehicles are allowed today inside the capital."

Solomon's voice could surprisingly be heard clearly as he spoke calmly.

"Though your clothes are good, we will need to fix your hair unless you want to present yourself as a homeless person like this guy here."

Solomon pointed his right thumb towards Ragnar, who sat next to him and grumbled in response.

"I don't look homeless; you're just jealous. Besides, his father also has long hair, so aren't you the problem here?"

Hearing Ragnar's words, Solomon looked bewildered at him and pointed to himself.

"Me, the problem? No way. It's honestly still a mystery how Aeliana and Olivia married the two of you with such horrendous hair."

Only Solomon could say stuff like that to the heads of the great clans without any consequences, since he is a saint—or perhaps because he is Solomon.

Seeing Ragnar scowl as Solomon joked, Azriel couldn't help but laugh, earning a cold stare from Ragnar that felt like a knife was suddenly placed at his throat, making him shut up instantly.

'D-damn, he looks pissed.'

Coughing to hide how nervous he was feeling, Azriel asked a question.

"Didn't we arrive much earlier than we expected, even though we took a longer route? I thought the plan was not to cause a big commotion."

In the end, they decided it was still best for Azriel to reunite with his family without the presence of every head of the great clans, much to Solomon's reluctance.

"You don't need to worry about that. We will just be touring around the capital until they leave. Since the heads are visiting, the capital will be more empty than usual, and rumors about you actually still being alive will only reach the Crimson Estate a day later."

Ragnar was the one who answered, making Azriel nod toward him.

His parents apparently never left the mansion anymore, as his sister never left the academy. Though she should also be in the mansion today, he doubted she would leave it as well.

'Dammit, all of this really is a pain. To think I was just reading about all of this a day ago, and now I am in the actual book.'

'The entire plot is going to change now with my return...'

After all, there was no way he wasn't going to attend the hero academy...

The helicopter smoothly landed on the ground as Solomon slid open the door.

The sunlight hit Azriel's face, making him squint as he exited the helicopter.

Putting his hand above his eyes to protect himself from the blinding light, he looked a little bit further...

His eyes widened in disbelief.

Before him rose towering gray walls, so colossal that only half of the skyscrapers managed to peek over them.

Massive turrets on top of them scanned around everywhere, and lines of people snaked towards the fortified city gate.

Soldiers stood on top of the walls and below with machine guns, and armored vehicles with modified weapons surrounded the line of humans waiting to get inside the city.

"Ah yes, I never understood why so many guns are wasted when they would barely work on anything above a grade 3 monster. But anyways..."

Solomon, who was next to him, suddenly spoke in a bored tone about the view in front of him.

"Welcome back to EASC."

*****

Only 10 more minutes were left before they would arrive at the city gate.

Surprisingly, the driver hadn't said anything to Azriel, making him confused.

Was it because the driver didn't recognize Azriel?

Yes, and that was because...

Ragnar was sitting next to the driver in front,

while he was squeezed, sitting in the middle between Solomon on his left and Thomas on his right.

Honestly, he couldn't blame the poor driver for failing to recognize him, as his nerves must be on fire for having the literal head of the Frost clan seated next to him.

While at the same time, the most talented saint was breathing down his neck.

Being surrounded by those two, it was normal someone like Azriel would be the least of his attention.

Besides, he doubted that many would recognize him currently as Azriel Crimson.

And another thing he noticed was the reason why Ragnar actually sat in front.

It wasn't anything with status or his pride.

Azriel easily understood, for the past 20 minutes, his reasons...

"Hey, hey Azriel, let's sing a song together!"

"Sorry, I don't want to become famous for killing a saint with my voice."

"Eh? Is that supposed to mean you are good or bad at singing?"

"Bad."

It looked like Ragnar already had some prior experiences with sitting next to Solomon.

"Fine, fine, how about we play some games?"

"Hmm? What games?"

'I wonder if the games in this world are the same as my previous world. I mean, it's only been 150 years, so how much can change?'

"How about the yellow car game?"

'Okay, not much.'

"We are the only ones driving towards the gate though."

"Oh right... then how about 'Would You Rather'?"

'I am gonna regret this, aren't I?'

Though his curiosity and boredom that he was honestly also feeling got the best of him.

Thomas next to him didn't even speak as, like Ragnar, both had their eyes closed.

'I rather not go on a road trip with them... and Solomon is way too hyper for me to handle.'

"...Fine, you win."

"Alright!"

Solomon cheered happily, making Azriel doubt how old he actually was.

Suddenly, an evil smile appeared on Solomon's face as his gaze locked with Azriel, making him already regret his choice.

Azriel swore he saw Solomon's eye dart towards Ragnar, who was seated with his eyes closed, for a second.

'Shit! This maniac, don't do anything stupid!'

Azriel was sure that Ragnar was listening intently like everyone else in the SUV.

He really hoped Solomon wouldn't say something stupid.

His hope shattered the moment Solomon's lips parted...

"Would you rather date Celestina Frost-"

"Huh!? Don't you dare involve my princess in your stupid little games!"

He didn't even get to finish his sentence as Ragnar cut in, raising his voice in anger, startling almost everyone.

"Eek!"

'Woah!'

A high-pitched scream escaped the driver's lips as the car swayed before he stabilized it again in time.

"A-ah, I am deeply sorry, Lord Ragnar, Saint Solomon!"

The driver apologized sincerely, with cold sweat surrounding his entire body.

"Ah right, no, my apologies. I shouldn't have scared you like that when you were so focused on driving."

"N-no, please don't apologize, I am not worthy of such things."

"No need to be humble."

"R-right."

'As expected of the head of the Frost clan who is known for being most generous.'

He managed to calm himself instantly and didn't even scold the driver and accepted that it was his fault,

though the one who was actually to be blamed was someone entirely.

Glaring at his left, he saw Solomon gazing straight ahead, trying his best to suppress his laughter.

'Dammit, this fucking maniac!'

He definitely did that on purpose!

Thomas, on the other hand, was still seated with his eyes closed as if he already expected this to happen.

"Ahem, even though I said that it doesn't mean I am against Celestina dating you, Azriel."

"Eh?"

"Eh?"

"Eh?"

"Eh?"

Chapter 19: The Clown
Everyone in the SUV exclaimed suddenly at hearing the absurd statement that just left Ragnar's mouth.

The driver's reason, though, was different than the rest as he narrowed his eyes slightly at Azriel through the mirror before they widened in shock.

"A-Azriel Crimson..."

'W-what the hell!? What does he mean not against me dating her?'

'It was just a game dammit! The maniac didn't even finish who the second girl would have been as an option!'

Though screaming inside his mind, perhaps it was for the best the second choice was never revealed since he would have definitely picked that to avoid awkwardness.

But that would have now only looked like Azriel didn't want Celestina, earning him Ragnar's ire.

'Is he actually trying to set me up with his daughter?'

"You have grown into one of the most handsome young men I know of, and you are extremely talented, so of course you would be the perfect partner for my daughter, not to mention you being Joaquin's son."

Azriel narrowed his eyes, as did Thomas and Solomon, at Ragnar, who had his arms folded together and his eyes closed again.

For some reason, he had a feeling that the last part was the main reason...

"You have already talked to her a few times, haven't you? You have seen just how smart, beautiful, and talented she really is. So many boys your age would kill to be her boyfriend. Besides, she is already a grade 2 awakened, she just needs to kill a little bit over 30 more grade 3 beasts to advance."

'H-he is really trying to set me up with her!'

Solomon's mouth was agape, staring in disbelief at Ragnar, as the driver's ears were a little red from a lot of things he was hearing here.

Thomas could be seen massaging his temples.

"So what do you say? Do you want to be with my daughter?"

Hearing his question, everyone suddenly looked at Azriel with bated breaths for his answer.

Even the driver could be seen focused on him instead of the road.

'E-eh? He wants me to answer right now? The fuck, how can I dammit!'

Sure, Celestina Frost was his favorite heroine when he was reading the book.

But that was when she was just that, a character in the book.

Now he was Azriel Crimson, an actual person in the world of Path of Heroes.

Not Leo Karumi, an ordinary high school student reading the book.

He knew that he didn't love her or anything like that as Leo Karumi.

More like he admired her like an idol.

'W-what should I say? If I decline, would he kill me just hours before I am about to reunite with my family?'

He flinched as he noticed Ragnar's cold blue eyes were fixed on him suddenly.

Darting around, his gaze met that of Solomon, who merely averted his.

'Traitor!'

The bastard was the reason he was in this mess in the first place!

"I-I..."

"Ah! We have, uhm, arrived."

As if a god had descended, the driver's meek words made him breathe out in relief.

"Oh right, we should finish this another time, Azriel."

"Y-yeah."

Please don't.

They had already passed through the gate without any of them noticing since it opened for them instantly, recognizing the Frost clan plate on the SUV.

Glaring at Solomon the entire time as he stepped out of the car with them, only one thought came to mind as he gazed at the city.

'Words don't do this justice in the slightest...'

Skyscrapers soared into the sky, their glass surfaces reflecting the sunset, some of them had their modern design highlighted by shifting LED patterns.

The streets buzzed with the chatter of people. Huge screens fixed on buildings displayed vibrant ads.

Public art installations dotted some of the sidewalks, and above, skybridges connected to some of the tallest buildings, lined with cafes and boutiques.

The aroma of street food mingled with scents from upscale and downscale restaurants, hinting at the variety within.

The city was like a blend of technology and nature.

He had memories of the previous Azriel of this city but...

It truly felt like he was seeing this for the first time.

'EASC...'

*****

Due to having all four heads of the great clan in EASC today, the streets were fairly empty and filled with security.

Only those who live in EASC and are thoroughly checked were allowed to roam around the city.

All except for Azriel and the others with him, of course.

Being a hassle to get checked if they were allowed to be roaming the capital, most decided to stay inside their respective homes.

After finally getting a haircut, Azriel was sitting opposite from Solomon inside a coffee shop.

Thomas and, surprisingly, Ragnar were getting their orders.

It was good that the entire shop was cleared since most would have coughed out blood.

Just like how the staff members did.

Seeing how the both of them were now alone, this was the perfect opportunity for Azriel to confirm some things.

Not once had he let himself fully be at ease after he woke up.

Not with the one sitting in front of him...

Solomon Dragonheart.

Also secretly known by the other saints as...

The Clown.

"What do you really want?"

Azriel cut to the chase, not wanting to play any more games with Solomon.

Sure, with him, his return to EASC was almost never boring, but that didn't mean he wasn't on edge with Solomon.

Just like now, with Azriel, the clown had always had his attention on the protagonist back in the book when he joined the academy and ranked first in his year.

The book hadn't really delved deeply into Solomon, or at least not until where Azriel read, except for him being a professor somehow in the hero academy, the most talented saint, and...

"Hmm? What do I really want? I already gave my order to Ragnar, though?"

Seeing him act innocent and tilting his head, Azriel had the urge to punch Solomon's handsome face.

"I mean, what are you still doing here... Clown."

The moment Azriel said that, it felt like the air around them froze.

"Oh my, when did you develop such an interest in me? Ah! You are going to make me blush!"

Azriel would have retorted, hearing Solomon's words and seeing that bashful smile on his face.

But what made him quiet were those eyes that made his skin crawl...

Chapter 20: The Sovereigns
Those crimson eyes of Solomon were so overwhelmingly cold that he felt like he was drowning in the deepest depths of the ocean.

'...Don't back off now.'

Azriel clenched his fists underneath the table.

"Why are you really still here? I doubt someone like you would care about praise or rewards. You have also confirmed how talented I really am."

Unlike Ragnar, who was close to Joaquin, Solomon wasn't really close to anyone in particular.

Nor was he someone to care about getting something in return for saving his life.

"Heh, something tells me you already know the answer to your own question."

Solomon was right.

Azriel knew the answer already, but hearing him say this also confirmed in a way that he was 100% right.

"...You want to fight me, don't you?"

Solomon leaned back in his chair and closed his eyes.

"Correct. Ah... I really want to fight someone strong. Someone who won't run away after fighting me once and be afraid. Only that bastard Sylius would have fought me, but he disappeared a year ago when he entered the void realm, never to be heard from again, tch."

Anyone else but Azriel hearing Solomon's words would have paled from horror.

After all, Sylius Gale is...

The strongest.

Known as the strongest Grade 1 saint in the entire world and from the North American continent, who apparently was the only one who dared to spar with Solomon.

But now Solomon was telling him that the strongest had been missing for an entire year and it was being kept hidden from the public.

Opening his eyes again, which weren't cold anymore, he was amused seeing how unfazed Azriel was.

"Ha! You seem much more knowledgeable after living in the void realm."

Azriel smiled softly, hearing his words.

"You would be surprised how much I have learned living in another world."

He wasn't fazed since he already knew this.

Besides, most would presume him to be dead after missing for an entire year, but Azriel knew better.

'He will show up soon...'

After the academy festival, to be precise...

Azriel and Sylius himself knew that he wasn't the strongest in the slightest.

'There is always a bigger fish in the sea.'

So Sylius was probably even now fighting horrifying abominations to become stronger.

"You should become a void archaeologist."

Azriel shrugged his shoulders.

"So now that Sylius is gone, you want me to become strong enough and become your sparring partner?"

"Ding ding! 1000 points for being correct!"

Azriel nodded, hearing his interesting choice of words.

"Why me? Even if the other saints don't want to fight you, can't you go to the void realm and fight some titans or leviathans?"

Solomon shook his head, hearing Azriel's words.

"No matter how talented or strong I am, fighting those nightmares all on my own is simply suicide."

'That is true...'

"If there is someone who dares to fight me, then that means that person could also fight with me against those horrors."

'Ah.'

Azriel finally fully understood what Solomon really wanted.

Not someone to just have as a sparring partner but also a partner who he could fight with.

'So he wants me to become strong enough to become his partner, huh? I see...'

'This could work in my favor, Or he might tell them and possibly get me killed or worse...'

There was only one way to find out.

Nodding to himself, his gaze locked onto Solomon, who was smiling at him.

"Right, since if it was just fighting someone, you could have easily challenged... them."

The moment those words left his lips, Solomon's smile died instantly, replaced with a cold expression, making every hair on Azriel stand on end and his skin crawl.

"Them?"

This was the first time he had heard him speak so coldly towards him, but...

'Got him.'

Azriel wasn't sure if Solomon really knew about them, but now he did.

'Now where does he really stand?'

"The sovereigns."

Solomon's eyes widened.

"Azriel, you... did your father tell you about them?"

"He did."

He didn't, but that wasn't something Solomon needed to know.

What he needed to know was that Azriel knew about the Sovereigns.

Mainly the four sovereigns that rule the four great clans in Asia.

Each great clan having one sovereign.

Elizabeth Crimson being the sovereign of the Crimson clan and also Azriel's grandmother.

Catherina Frost being the sovereign of the Frost clan and also Ragnar's aunt.

Solarin Nebula being the sovereign of the Nebula clan.

Valerion Dusk being the sovereign of the Dusk clan.

Not just the four great clans in Asia but also in South America and North America.

In both continents, there is a single sovereign.

Making a total of six sovereigns alive on Earth.

'On Earth... but not in the void realm.'

There is also a seventh sovereign, which he doubted Solomon even knew of.

Vaelith.

A sovereign that is working independently in the void realm for reasons that even Azriel didn't know.

What he did know was that not just he but also the protagonist of the story knows about Vaelith.

Or better said, will know about him and the existence of sovereigns.

A certain quest where the system teleports him to the void realm becomes almost his own death as the protagonist unexpectedly gets attacked by a Grade 2 Abyssal until Vaelith saves him.

After the protagonist was sent back to Earth and realized the truth about sovereigns, he realized just how weak and small he really was in both worlds even with the system.

'A whole character development arc. How nice...'

The seventh sovereign was basically only known by the other six sovereigns and Azriel currently.

And the six sovereigns themselves are only known by a few selected saints affiliated with the great clans or the heads of the great clans themselves.

How Solomon and Sylius knew about the sovereigns though was a special case.

Sylius was, instead of independent, more like a puppet the six sovereigns used for their own goals.

That being the reason why he is in the void realm becoming stronger and not wanting to be a puppet anymore.

As for Solomon...

They probably wanted to be in control of him since he is still young and the most talented saint.

It would be only a matter of time before he becomes a sovereign, and so the other sovereigns want to get him on their own side and have a leash on him.

"Ugh, I hate those fucking ancient bastards!"

Solomon's expression wasn't cold anymore; instead, it turned to annoyance as he spoke.

"You know your own grandmother is a fucking witch! She tried to seduce me so I would affiliate with the Crimson clan!"

Azriel froze.

He knew that the sovereigns were known to be a little... extreme.

But...

'Seriously? What the fuck?'

The age difference was too big!

He hadn't expected that from his grandmother at all.

If he recalled his memories correctly, he knew that she always acted kind and spoiled him and Jasmine tons when she visited.

'I think I won't be able to see her the same way ever again...'

"Does she actually think that would work on me? Just what the hell does that witch take me for!? Oh, and don't get me started on the Frost bitch!"

'He doesn't seem to be interested in joining any of the great clans.'

In fact, Solomon seemed to be holding a grudge against the sovereigns.

'Good... all I have to do now is convince him so that...'

Asia won't fall.

Chapter 21: Sibling Reunion
Azriel's mind changed a little about Solomon. If he had to say, Solomon went from a maniac to a battle-hungry maniac that is getting wooed by the sovereigns of the great clans.

'Though at least it went well and he didn't kill me...'

Seeing Solomon's last expression, Azriel was almost certain he was thinking of just killing him on the spot.

"Hmm? Where did Saint Solomon run off to?"

Glancing to his right, Azriel saw Ragnar standing there holding a tray, while Thomas was a little behind him, holding two other trays of food in both hands.

"Solomon decided to go back home."

"I see... It was surprising to see him stick around for so long, but..."

He could see veins bulging in Ragnar's head as he gritted his teeth.

"Why did he ask to order all this food if he was going to leave!?"

Azriel bit the inside of his cheeks as he looked towards the tray holding a tower of pancakes that Solomon had ordered.

He really wanted to laugh out loud seeing Ragnar's face.

To pull such a stunt on the head of the frost clan was something only Solomon could do and get away with.

Ragnar wasn't as generous as he made himself seem to be.

Azriel knew that.

He was sure that Ragnar's aunt must have forced him to butter up the clown.

'It was a waste of effort from the beginning anyway.'

There was no way he would have actually gained Solomon's favor just by picking up his orders.

"I'll eat it. Don't want to waste all that money spent. Besides, I am hungry."

Ragnar hummed, annoyed, as he and Thomas went to sit down.

"Didn't think a prince would care so much about money."

"You know, Solomon said something similar."

Azriel furrowed his brows.

'What do they take me for? Sure, I might be a prince, but not a spoiled one!'

Annoyed, he looked out the window, gazing at the empty streets until...

'Huh?'

In his vision, a young lady emerged, delicately licking what he presumed to be chocolate ice cream.

She wore a black hat, a crisp white t-shirt, and sleek black leather pants.

His gaze was captivated by her porcelain face.

'Beautiful...'

Any man would have fallen in love at first sight.

But the same couldn't be said for Azriel as he felt something different rise in his chest.

Familiarity.

Because...

"...Sister."

*****

Going back to the crimson mansion wasn't really an option for Jasmine right now.

She was sure by now everyone was awake even though it was still early in the morning, simply because the heads of the great clans were going to visit today.

She wasn't in the mood to go back and deal with all that annoying stuff.

So instead, she was currently walking in the outskirts of EASC.

She might as well say that she was walking through a graveyard.

The people that lived here were fairly poor and weak.

If a void rift were to appear here, everyone that lived here would be as good as dead.

The soldiers of the crimson clan and the military of the government would take a while to arrive on time.

And the people here were too weak to defend themselves and too poor to buy themselves any proper weapons.

Finally, she arrived at a small park.

It was basically abandoned as no one maintains it or comes here at all.

At the center of the park, a small pond mirrors the sky above. The water, tinged green with algae, still manages to reflect the surrounding trees and the occasional passing cloud.

Water lilies float on the surface, their blooms adding splashes of white and pink. Every now and then, a frog leaps from the bank, sending ripples across the water.

Sitting on the stone bench that was in front of the pond, a sigh escaped Jasmine's lips.

"I am still hungry..."

Even though it hasn't been an hour since she last ate three scoops of chocolate ice cream.

"It's not like I am going to get fat anyway."

Not with how much she trains every day.

Tapping with her right thumb on her storage ring, a bag of chips landed on her lap.

The park was basically her secret spot that she found when her brother died, where she could rest all alone and eat as much as she wanted without anyone finding out.

Opening the bag of chips, she was about to put her hand in it until...

"You are still as gluttonous as ever, sister."

Ba... Thump!

She felt her heart beat loudly against her chest as her body froze upon hearing the voice behind her.

'That voice...'

She shook her head.

'It can't be.'

It was a familiar voice she longed to hear again, but she knew it wasn't possible.

'Heh, my mind is playing tricks on me now...'

After all...

He was dead.

Calming down again, she put her hand in the bag of chips.

She froze again...

"Ah... how cruel of you, sister. I had to travel with a bunch of clowns all the way from Europe to get back here, just for my own sister to ignore me... I feel like I am about to cry."

Ba... Thump!

Ba... Thump!

Ba... Thump!

Her heart started beating loudly and rapidly as the voice resounded behind her again.

'W-what...'

Jumping from the bench, she almost fell in the pond before she spun around.

"...Huh."

Jasmine's mind blanked as she gazed at the figure in front of her.

Ba... Thump!

Ba... Thump!

Ba... Thump!

Her brother...

Azriel.

Standing there was him, with a small smile on his face as he looked at her with gentle eyes.

He was wearing a black military uniform yet no sort of badge that displayed any sort of rank.

A black furred coat was placed on his shoulders, and he was also wearing black gloves.

In normal circumstances, she would have questioned him if he wasn't dying from the heat.

But...

"...Azriel?"

Jasmine could only stand there frozen as she uttered his name while her lips quivered.

'No... no, it can't be. He died!'

'Calm down... it can't be him. It's impossible.'

Calming herself down, her usual cold expression appeared on her face.

'Right, it could be someone that is faking his appearance...'

Besides...

'There is no way he was ever this handsome!'

Chapter 22: Denial and Acceptance
Denial... a psychological defense mechanism in which a person refuses to accept reality or facts.

It is a way for individuals to protect themselves from uncomfortable or distressing truths.

Denial can occur in different ways.

For some, it is the denial of having an addiction.

People struggling with substance abuse or addictive behaviors often deny the extent of their problem to avoid facing the need for change.

Some might deny having a serious illness.

People diagnosed with a severe or terminal illness might deny the severity of their condition to avoid the fear and anxiety associated with it.

Or perhaps, it is the denial of the death of someone they deeply care about.

Jasmine still remembers when she first heard the news of Azriel's death; she was in denial for weeks.

Unlike her father, who never accepted his death.

Gazing at Azriel in front of her, she was once again in denial.

This time Jasmine was in denial of reality...

The person in front of her just couldn't be her little brother.

'Even though 2 years have passed and he certainly looks older... it can't be him.'

If it was him...

Then how?

Why now?

'It could be a trick to deceive me...'

His birthday was just yesterday.

To have him appear suddenly the day after his birthday?

'No way.'

A white light started to shimmer on her right hand.

"Who are you?"

Her cold voice cut through the park as the air around them became tense.

Ba... Thump!

Even now, gazing at the face of her little brother, she heard her heart thumping loudly against her chest.

'Yeah, no way he was ever this handsome.'

That was all the confirmation she needed.

Azriel's eyes were wide open upon hearing her words. Jasmine could see a hint of understanding in them.

Scratching his cheek with his finger, Azriel's lips parted.

"What, don't tell me you think of me as a skinwalker as well?"

'Skinwalker...?'

Jasmine shook her head.

"No, with security as tight as it is in EASC, especially today, there's no way a skinwalker would be able to infiltrate the capital."

Jasmine was confident in her words.

A skinwalker trying to infiltrate the city wouldn't be the first time it has happened.

But today?

Impossible.

Not with the number of experts and masters patrolling the city.

"So instead, you must be..."

Suddenly, in the blink of an eye, she was right in front of Azriel.

Drip...! Drip...!

A katana was placed against his neck, Azriel's blood staining the ground and her katana.

The katana's blade was a stunning silver, gleaming brilliantly and reflecting everything like a flawless mirror.

Silver Shine.

"Either here to kill or kidnap me."

Her words were met with silence.

The wind howled, making both their hairs flutter.

'...I got him,'

She was sure of it.

His silence must have been due to how shocked he was.

A crack appeared on her face as Jasmine smiled mockingly towards him.

"What? Cat got your tongue?"

His face was expressionless.

'Heh. And you used to mock me... brother for watching all th-'

Her thoughts were cut off as Jasmine noticed something odd...

Truly odd.

His shoulders.

They were...

Trembling.

Ba... Thump!

Jasmine tensed her muscles as she became even more alert.

She pushed Silver Shine deeper against his neck.

Ba... Thump!

Surprisingly, the person in front of her didn't even flinch, making her even more nervous.

'I can beat him, right? His aura... it doesn't feel strong at all.'

But if he was an assassin, it was possible for him to suppress his presence and mess with her senses.

Just when she was about to activate her unique skill...

She froze.

Because...

"Pffft! Hahahahaha! Oh, I am sorry, I really tried to hold it in but I really can't! Haha, what was it again you said, me trying to kill or kidnap you?"

The blade dug a little deeper into his neck before he suddenly stepped back.

Drip...! Drip...!

More of his blood stained the ground, yet he looked unbothered.

"...Huh."

Jasmine's mind blanked.

Truly, she couldn't keep up with the situation anymore.

What type of person would start laughing when a blade is pointed at his neck?

'Is he crazy?'

She was so confused that for a moment she just stood there in a daze, watching him wipe the tears that formed in his eyes.

Her lips twitched.

What the hell was so funny?

'Yes, yes, he must be crazy... I should kill him fast.'

Just as she was about to make a move, his lips parted again.

"Don't tell me even after all this time you're still watching those detective shows you were addicted to?"

"Eh?"

She was paralyzed, hearing his words.

"Haaa... You really have to stop letting those shows influence your thoughts..."

'...How does he know? And still watching? It can't be... can it?'

Maybe... Maybe by some miracle, it really was Azriel.

'No, I... It just can't be true.'

She didn't want to accept it.

But...

"I mean, think, sis."

Azriel could be seen tapping his temples with his fingers.

"If I was truly here to kill or kidnap you, why would I still be standing in front of you, still talking?"

"I could have waited for you to start filling your stomach with junk food, since that is when you are most vulnerable. Oh, by the way, Dad probably knows about this new secret spot and what you do here."

'H-Huh! He knows!?'

'There's no way, right? I mean, except for today, I've always been sure I managed to deceive him when I visited the mansion... Wait, no, why am I even listening to him!?'

Jasmine glared at him, but this time he was the one looking at her with a mocking smile.

"Haaa... Perhaps I should have asked Solomon to stay or brought Uncle Ragnar with me."

Jasmine could hear him muttering to himself.

'Solomon? Does he mean... Saint Solomon? And Uncle Ragnar is here as well?'

Ba... Thump!

'I-If they are really here... then...'

"I just thought it would be better if we had our little reunion without any prying eyes... I guess that was impossible."

'Impossible...?'

Drip...! Drip...!

"Huh...?"

Suddenly, she felt something wet trailing down her face and hitting the ground.

Hearing her exclaim, Azriel turned his head towards her again and looked at her wide-eyed.

'Why is he looking at me like that?'

She was confused, and her heart felt heavy.

Bringing her hands towards her face, she felt a wet sensation on her fingertips.

"Ah..."

Jasmine finally understood.

She was...

Crying.

"...Your body always reacted faster than your mind did."

Gazing up again, she saw Azriel looking at her with a gentle expression on his face while tears streamed down her cheeks.

"A-Azriel... Is it really you?"

Drip...! Drip...!

"Mm, it me."

Those words were enough.

Before she knew it, she jumped towards him and embraced him tightly.

Clank-!

The sound of Silver Shine hitting the ground resonated throughout the park.

Her tears stained his clothes, yet she felt his arms embracing her back, gently stroking her hair.

"I-It really is you... brother."

"...Yeah, I am back."

Chapter 23: System
'Dammit, it stings a lot.'

The wound on his neck wasn't deep or anything really serious, but still...

It stung.

He did his best to look unbothered by everything.

All he could do now was keep caressing her hair as Jasmine sobbed on his shoulders.

Her arms were tightly embracing him as if afraid that Azriel would run away.

'At least I have outgrown her, huh...'

Before his memories, he recalled being the same height as her.

Azriel had already frozen the wound on his neck.

He couldn't show her that something like this hurt.

He was sure that he could handle most physical pain.

Besides...

In everyone's eyes now, he was someone who survived the void realm for two whole years.

Showing weakness wasn't something he could do.

Now he had to act like the prince who clawed his way out of hell.

Acting.

That was something Azriel was sure he could do.

Even better than lying, perhaps.

As Leo, he used to be in the theater club back in high school for an entire year.

He was quite good at it as well, playing various roles, including the male lead several times in many plays.

But in the end...

He quit.

Just like the basketball club and the music club.

No matter what he tried, Leo could never find anything to fill the emptiness in his chest.

Everyone around him was busy chasing their dreams, working hard, yet it was like he was the only one who had none.

Nothing.

Just temporary excitement was all he could get when he tried something new.

But whenever he started to get good at something...

The excitement would be gone.

'...I simply have to play the role of a survivor this time.'

A treacherous one at that.

'You were the same, weren't you... Azriel?'

Someone who was also empty, just like him.

Having no ambitions.

'Both of us trained to make at least our parents proud, yet... we failed miserably at that, huh?'

He could recall the memories of the previous Azriel who trained almost every night.

There was no real reason for him to train.

Not a real goal he was chasing.

He simply tried to make his parents proud in his own way.

But...

He never really got the chance.

Neither of them ever did.

"How... how are you here? You were supposed to be dead."

Snapping him out of his thoughts was the hoarse voice of Jasmine.

He could see her glancing up at him with tears still in her eyes.

"It's a long story... but..."

In the end, Azriel told her the same story he had told Solomon and Ragnar.

Not just that, but also about how he became a wanderer in Europe, though he did omit the part about his encounter with the Crying Fog.

'...I'll get my revenge on that bastard one day,'

He was sure of it.

For some reason, he just had a nagging feeling that he was going to meet that abomination again one day.

Finished talking, he glanced at Jasmine's face.

She was extremely pale as she looked at him wide-eyed in disbelief.

Azriel was sure if he said more she might actually collapse.

"T-two years... you really spent two years in the void realm?"

Hearing her question, Azriel nodded.

"Yeah... I did,"
