'In an alternative timeline... perhaps.'

"And just for you to end up in Europe after leaving the void realm..."

"...yeah."

Azriel didn't really know what to say anymore.

'At least the Europe part wasn't a lie.'

"Oh, by the way, dear sister of mine..."

"Y-yes?"

He could see her looking up at him nervously for suddenly calling her out.

"How long are you planning to not... let me go?"

"W-what? What do you mean by that?"

Tears started forming again in her eyes.

Azriel suppressed a sigh and merely smiled bitterly at the misunderstanding that had just formed.

"I meant your arms... are you going to keep hugging me?"

"H-huh? Ah!"

As if finally realizing, she hurriedly jumped back.

Azriel tried his best to suppress a chuckle.

He could see her face becoming red from embarrassment.

Jasmine hurriedly turned around and picked up Silver Shine making it disappeared.

'...Mother's soul weapon, huh.'

Just like how Azriel got Void Eater from their father, Jasmine got hers from their mother, Aeliana.

"Ah! Your neck, Azriel!"

Noticing the wound she had inflicted, she hurriedly threw a health potion that she pulled out of her storage ring.

Luckily, Azriel managed to catch it easily.

'Dammit! What is it with rich people and them throwing expensive stuff all the time!'

Was it really that hard to just hand it over normally?

Drinking the health potion calmly, he eventually threw the empty vial on the ground.

What?

It was not like it had any value left.

Azriel was about to part his lips until he suddenly froze.

Because...

[• System: Unlocked!]

: [Processing information...]

"Huh...?"

Notifications were suddenly flashing in front of his eyes.

"...Azriel?"

[ • Main Event Completed: Home Sweet Home.]

[ • Main Quest Completed: Survive Europe and return to EASC.]

[ • Performance evaluation: Excellent!]

-> [Not even dying in both worlds could break you]

-> [Unlocking the first form Death's Blossom was as easy as breathing for the son of death]

-> [Not even a Titan could break your mind and prevent you from returning home]

-> [Deceitful against friends and foes. Dying twice was not enough for someone like you to stop being two-faced. Magnificent.]

[ • Event Experience: 11% gained]

-> [Mana core level 2: [0%——[14%]————————————100%]

Azriel felt a warm, blissful energy suddenly invade his body. Controlling the mana in his body became even easier as it became thicker and flowed smoother. Sadly, the euphoric energy disappeared shortly after.

[ • Quest Reward: Skill gained!]

-> [Core Reaper]

: [Status will be updated]

[ • The plot has been altered: Your survival is changing the timeline!]

Azriel's mind blanked as he kept trying to keep up with the messages popping up in his vision.

The messages were in beautiful obsidian black and white panels, the same colors as his status.

His face was frozen with a smile.

'Just what... what is all of this?'

"...."

System.

He thought he didn't get one.

He was wrong.

But the system he has isn't the same as the protagonist's.

Not in the slightest.

He honestly couldn't even call it a system.

Still...

"Heh."

His face cracked into a grin.

He was honestly never planning to sit by the sidelines and watch everything unfold before him anyway.

'Now I get rewarded as well for messing with the plot! Great!'

"Azriel, are you okay...?"

Hearing Jasmine's voice, he turned towards her. She had been watching him this entire time, looking at him weirdly.

'Dammit, she must think I've gone crazy...'

"Ah, sorry, sis. I was just lost in thought about something."

It was a pathetic excuse.

But his mind was currently too focused on the system in front of his vision to come up with something decent.

"...Right."

He could see pity in her eyes.

'Yep, she totally thinks I've lost it... Ah, at least it supports my story of being in the void realm for two years if she thinks I've gone a little crazy.'

'I'll deal with this system stuff later.'

Shaking his head, he spoke to Jasmine.

"How about we go and meet Uncle Ragnar? He must still be waiting with Grandmaster Thomas."

Jasmine nodded at his words.

"Sounds good to me. Let's go; we shouldn't keep them waiting any longer."

Both of them started walking side by side.

The silence between them wasn't awkward; instead, it was quite comfortable.

Making his lips curve upwards.

Until...

"I guess those weird habits after spending two years in the void realm didn't change, though..."

Azriel almost stumbled on his own feet hearing her quiet words reach his ears.

Chapter 24: Aeliana Crimson
Bringing the cup of tea to his lips, Azriel felt his taste buds dance with delight as the rich aroma and delicate flavors swirled together.

'Why is the tea in this world so much tastier than in my previous one?'

Seriously, it tasted heavenly.

Azriel really wanted to order another cup of tea.

Unfortunately, he had to keep face.

Sitting on his right was Jasmine, while Ragnar was sitting opposite him with Thomas on his left.

They were currently inside the same coffee shop where Azriel had previously taken Solomon's pancake tower and devoured it while following his sister to the park.

Azriel quietly listened as Jasmine was talking to Ragnar and thanking him for returning him home safely.

'...it feels a little embarrassing.'

Not that it was a bad feeling.

He had missed such feelings.

'Though now I am the youngest of the family...'

That annoyed him a little.

Just a little.

"...You will have your reunion with your parents earlier than expected, Azriel."

Looking towards Ragnar, Azriel looked at him questioningly.

Before he could ask, Ragnar continued.

"An emergency has happened, so the heads are going back, as are we. Communication with Europe resumed a few minutes ago, except for Western Europe. Reports are coming in that all the military bases in France..."

Azriel was getting a bad feeling hearing Ragnar's words.

He was right.

"...have been wiped out."

*****

The days had turned into a blur since Azriel's passing, each one melding into the next with a monotonous ache that refused to dull.

Aeliana often replayed moments of his childhood, the sound of his laughter echoing in her mind like a haunting melody.

She remembered his first steps, the way his tiny hands clutched her fingers, and the endless questions he would ask with a curiosity that knew no bounds.

Every memory was a sharp pang of regret.

Aeliana often pondered the nature of loss and the cruel finality it imposed. To lose a child was to lose a part of one's very soul.

It was a pain unlike any other, a grief that seeped into the marrow of her bones and settled there.

The world seemed darker, colors less vibrant, and the laughter of others felt like a distant echo from a life she no longer recognized.

She wished she had hugged him tighter, listened to him more intently, and told him every day how much she loved him.

The realization that those opportunities were now lost forever was a bitter pill to swallow.

Till this day, she doesn't understand why Azriel wanted to go to that military base.

What was he thinking?

What reason did he have?

Looking at herself in the mirror, she admired the elegant black dress that hugged her figure perfectly.

Her blond hair was intricately tied into a bun, each strand in place, adding to her sophisticated aura.

She was planning to look at least presentable for the guests they were having today, but some sort of emergency happened an hour ago that required them to go back.

So now...

She and Joaquin were planning to head out together.

'I can't stay like this forever...'

Losing her youngest child had hurt Aeliana a lot.

But it's been two years now.

She can't wallow in depression forever.

Her heart ached again as she thought about her daughter.

Their relationship had become strained.

'It's my fault. I am a terrible mother.'

If only she were strong enough to support her daughter.

But she wasn't.

Slap—!

Suddenly, Aeliana slapped both of her cheeks with her hands.

'It's not too late!'

Even though her family has become like broken glass, there is still a chance to mend things.

'But first, I need to fix myself.'

Going out on a date again with Joaquin was the first step.

Then she will have to try her best and make up the relationship with her daughter.

No matter what.

Checking herself once in the mirror, she nodded and headed out.

The servants all bowed their heads whenever Aeliana passed by.

Arriving downstairs, she planned to sit on the couch, waiting for Joaquin.

Until she noticed he was already waiting for her on the couch.

"You look as gorgeous as ever."

Joaquin rose from his seat, his approach gentle yet confident, a small, genuine smile gracing his lips.

His neatly tied-back hair framed his face, adding a touch of refinement to his appearance, clad in a sleek black tuxedo.

His face was flawlessly smooth, devoid of imperfections, his features defined with a natural grace that drew the attention of the nearby servants effortlessly.

Her heart fluttered at the sight.

'D-dammit! Here I promised I wouldn't fall for it this time!'

He always manages to catch her off guard.

Joaquin barely showed any emotion on his face most of the time.

Except...

When he is with his family.

Even after spending so much time with him, she can never get used to that smile of his.

'...unfair.'

It really was unfair.

Finally calming her racing heart, she was about to leave with Joaquin when they suddenly heard the door open.

Click—!

Turning around, they saw Jasmine entering the living room.

'...she's back?'

Why?

Aeliana had honestly thought Jasmine wouldn't return home until late at night, knowing she wouldn't have gone to the academy without at least telling them.

Joaquin looked just as confused.

When she tried to ask Jasmine, the words caught in her throat.

They didn't meet her eyes with the usual icy detachment that had become their norm over the past two years.

There was still a hint of coldness, but it was softened now.

And then, unbelievably, a small smile played on Jasmine's lips.

Ba... Thump!

'Why is she looking at us like that...?'

Aeliana and Joaquin didn't have to wait long for an answer.

A figure entered the room, each step echoing loudly in the tense silence.

Step—!

The sound reverberated, drawing the attention of nearby servants who paused in their duties to glance toward the door.

Step—!

Standing beside their daughter was the last person Aeliana had ever expected to see again.

Her vision blurred with tears as she took in the warmth in his smile and the way his gaze lingered on her and Joaquin.

The person standing there, next to their daughter, was...

her youngest child.

Azriel.

"It's been a while... Mom, Dad."

Chapter 25: Crimson Reunion
Everyone was frozen in shock as they gazed at Azriel, wide-eyed.

"How...?"

Drip...! Drip...!

Tears were already streaming down Aeliana's face as she looked at her son.

He was supposed to be dead.

Yet here he was, standing next to her daughter.

Just yesterday had been his birthday.

Not even an hour ago, she had finally started to pull herself together again, piecing her shattered heart into something that could resemble a life. .

Now, the emotions she had buried so deep were crashing over her like a tidal wave. The disbelief, the overwhelming joy, the confusion—they all mingled with the grief that had consumed her for so long.

Ba... Thump!

Her heart raced, pounding in her chest.

Ba... Thump!

"...Azriel?"

Her voice was barely a whisper, choked with tears.

"Is it really you?"

Azriel smiled softly, his eyes filled with the same warmth and kindness she remembered.

"Yeah... it's me, Mom."

Thud-!

Aeliana's knees gave way, and she collapsed to the ground, sobbing uncontrollably. Jasmine rushed to her side, her face etched with worry.

Drip...! Drip...!

"...Where have you been all this time?"

Joaquin's voice resounded through the room, his entire gaze focused on Azriel.

The fact that he was asking such a question was proof enough that it really was their son.

Azriel, who was worryingly looking at his mother, glanced towards Joaquin.

He didn't say anything for a few seconds.

Until his face cracked with a small smile again.

"The Voidrealm."

"!?"

Aeliana and everyone else looked at him in shock and horror, except for Jasmine.

Both Azriel and Joaquin's eyes were locked onto each other.

'The Voidrealm... how?'

Aeliana and everyone else honestly just couldn't understand.

The Voidrealm was essentially an execution ground for anyone who went there alone or wasn't a master.

Two years had passed since Azriel was presumed dead by everyone here.

Meaning...

'He was there since he was 14 years old...?'

Aeliana felt even weaker as she put her hands over her mouth.

She didn't want to think about what he had gone through to get here.

"...."

It was ridiculous, honestly. Some of the servants were even doubting their ears.

"You don't believe me?"

Azriel's question wasn't directed to anyone except Joaquin, who merely shook his head.

"Of course I do. You are my son after all. Unless I see your body in front of my own eyes, you aren't dead."

The words that flowed out of Joaquin's mouth were filled with pride and confidence. It was as if what he was saying was simply...

A fact.

"... dear sister of mine, it seems you have forgotten to catch me up on how Dad has lost it?"

"Hmm? Have your memories become jagged from spending so long in the Voidrealm? He has always been this way."

A chuckle escaped Azriel's lips upon hearing Jasmine's words.

"Is that so?"

Saying that, he finally started walking towards their mother, ignoring their father's scowl.

"... I don't see you for two whole years and this is how you treat me?"

Aeliana broke into a smile unconsciously hearing her children and husband banter.

'Ah, I have missed this...'

She didn't think there would be a day when she would get to witness something like this ever again.

Gazing at her son's face, who was looking gently at her, Azriel crouched down as well.

"You have grown more handsome..."

Aeliana placed both her hands on his face, tears streaming down unabated.

"My son."

Azriel placed his hands atop hers.

"...I am sorry it took me so long to get back, Mom..."

*****

Hugging his mother, who sobbed silently in his embrace while he caressed her hair, Jasmine and Joaquin approached.

The servants were already silently leaving, sensible enough to give them privacy.

"You weren't on the verge of tears when you reunited with me..."

Hearing Jasmine sulk, Azriel had to suppress a laugh. Before he could respond, though, he suddenly felt a hand atop his head.

'Hmm?'

Glancing up, it was his father, looking at him warmly with a small smile on his face.

"You have done well to survive all on your own all this time... I am proud of you, Azriel."

For some reason, he felt something rising in his chest...

His vision started to become blurry as well.

"Huh...?"

Confused, he noticed that Jasmine and Joaquin were staring wide-eyed at him.

Drip...! Drip...!

Feeling something annoying touching his face and his mother's clothes, he touched his face. His fingertips felt a wet sensation.

Drip...! Drip...!

It kept going. Something kept spilling from his eyes...

"...Oh."

Azriel finally realized what was happening.

He was crying...

"Brother..."

Jasmine's voice reached his ears as he kept trying to wipe his tears away, yet he paid her no mind. No matter what, they just didn't stop flowing.

'Dammit... why can't I hold it back?'

Why did he have to cry now?

He was doing perfectly up until now.

Frustration seeped into his heart until Aeliana looked at him as well.

"My sweet boy..."

Suddenly, his vision darkened as he felt his head pressed against something soft.

'What...?'

"You don't need to hold yourself back anymore... you are home now."

His mother whispered gently in his ear as her arms around his back tightened even more.

"...Let it all out."

"Ah..."

Before he knew it, he stopped trying to hold his tears back. Tears kept staining her clothes as she embraced him tightly.

'I see...'

The warmth of family.

Hugging his mother in this world reminded him of his family in his previous world as Leo...

The warmth he had thought he lost forever.

It felt like a lifetime since he lost them.

This warmth he was currently feeling reminded Azriel of his previous family.

Perhaps that is why...

'It hurts... Dammit, it hurts a lot...'

Extremely so.

This warmth was a cruel reminder that the Crimsons were his family now, but also...

That his previous one and everything about them were...

Gone.

Gone forever, leaving behind only echoes in his memories, shadows that would never again become whole.

Chapter 26: Apostle of Death
Tak-!

The sound of something being placed reverberated inside a church-like building.

The interior was breathtaking in its simplicity.

The polished white marble that covered every surface gleamed softly in the gentle light filtering through high, arched windows.

The walls, smooth and unadorned, seemed to glow with an otherworldly purity.

Tak-!

The ceiling soared above, its white expanse interrupted only by subtle, intricate carvings that added a touch of delicate elegance without drawing too much attention.

Tak-!

At the center of this pristine space stood a round table, also crafted from white marble. Its smooth surface reflected the ambient light.

Tak-!

The air was cool and still, carrying a faint hint of stone and silence. There were no pews, no altar, no statues or icons to break the uniform beauty of the white marble.

Tak-!

On top of the round table was a chessboard. Two figures sat opposite each other behind the round table. Both looked human but were pitch black, like shadows, their shapes resembling men.

Tak-!

Tak-!

Tak-!

Both kept placing their pieces one after another.

"I have detected his presence."

Tak-!

The shadow moving the black pieces suddenly broke the silence. His voice was as monotone as it could get.

The moment his words reached the shadow opposite him, the white piece he was holding froze mid-air.

"...where?"

The shadow spoke, not moving his chess piece. Though his voice seemed monotone, a certain emotion could be detected in it...

Anger.

"France."

Tak-!

Finally placing his piece down on the chessboard, he snarled.

"France? What the hell is that traitor doing there?"

The other shadow shook his head.

"I don't know. I barely managed to detect his presence before it vanished. By the time I went to check, he was already gone. Even after... interrogating all the people present, I found nothing."

"Wasn't there a grandmaster in France?"

"There was, but I had no trouble dealing with him."

Tak-!

"You have certainly become strong. Don't let that get to your head, though."

"I know. You don't have to tell me."

Tak-!

"As for that traitor, ignore him for now."

"Really?"

Tak-!

"Yes. Proceed as planned."

Tak-!

The shadow merely shrugged before placing his black piece.

"If you say so."

Tak-!

"Also, I won't be able to summon you to this place any longer. The seals on my powers are becoming unstable. It won't be long now until I can finally leave this detestable place at last."

"Very well. I will be eagerly waiting to meet His Excellency face to face."

Tak-!

"You won't have to wait long now..."

Tak-!

"Checkmate. I win again."

"...."

"I will be taking my leave now. I promise not to disappoint you."

Standing up, the shadow that had just won against the shadow playing with the white pieces bowed before disappearing into thin air.

His hand twitched as his gaze lingered on the board for a few seconds.

"Though I have been holding back, his rate of improvement has certainly been astonishing," he muttered to himself, standing up from his chair.

"Now that he has revealed his presence, it's time I get some answers..."

His right hand began glowing and flickering with a white light.

And then...

A pure white arrow formed in his hand, glowing brightly in stark contrast to his shadowy form.

"This will delay my departure from this prison, but... even I can become impatient."

"I wonder if you will run away like a coward again..."

Snap-!

The sound of the arrow breaking resonated through the empty hall before it disappeared from his hand.

"Apostle of Death."

*****

Two days had passed since Azriel reunited with his family.

After the first day, he had tried to learn more about his system, but unfortunately, he didn't get much.

Whenever he called out to his system, all he would get were the previous messages that appeared in his vision when he reunited with his sister.

It seemed like his system was vastly different from that of the protagonist, not that it surprised him much.

As for the skill he had acquired, [Core Reaper], it was certainly something he was eager to try, but not just yet. He wanted to rest for at least a week before diving back into all the chaos.

Currently, it was late at night, and Azriel sat on the soft grass that swayed gently with the wind. He wore a simple black t-shirt and pajama bottoms.

Gazing blankly at the stars, he found himself in the backyard of the Crimson Estate because he couldn't sleep.

This was something he had experienced even as Leo, he had been plagued by constant nightmares ever since his previous family died.

Even in this world, Azriel couldn't escape those nightmares. Whenever he tried to sleep, he would be haunted by visions of that fateful night.

'...perhaps I deserve it.'

Guilt consumed him.

It felt like a voice kept whispering into his ears about how easily he had replaced his previous family, how he had never truly cared for them, and how he had caused their deaths.

Then there was another voice whispering that it was okay to accept that they were gone and to let go of them.

That it wasn't his fault.

"Are you going to keep watching me while hiding yourself?"

Azriel spoke softly, his eyes still fixed on the stars.

For a moment, all that could be heard was the wind howling.

Until...

"How did you know I was here?"

A familiar voice resounded from behind, one he recognized.

"Dad..."

A part of him felt strange at how easily he called him that, almost as if he were slowly accepting his new life.

His heart warmed as he glanced at his father, who suddenly stood beside him, also gazing at the stars.

But that warmth...

It made Azriel hate himself at the same time.

He shook his head, trying to dispel his inner turmoil.

"I didn't know. I was just guessing."

"...is that so?"

It didn't seem like Joaquin believed him, but he didn't press the issue further.

"When I saw you coming here, I thought you must have gone mad to finally return home just to revert to your old habits, training this late. But..."

Azriel could see his father looking at him with concern.

"It seems I was wrong."

"...."

Hearing his father's words, Azriel could only continue to stare blankly at the stars.

"Tell me, Azriel... do you still love us?"

"Huh... What? Of course I do!"

Azriel's sudden outburst was louder than he expected, directed at his father as he gazed back at him.

Joaquin simply smiled upon hearing his son's response.

"Then why is it that whenever you look at us, I can see in your eyes that something inside you is eating you up?"

"That..."

Azriel hesitated.

What could he possibly tell his father?

Of course, Joaquin would have noticed something was wrong, but revealing his life as Leo was out of the question.

"I just need a bit more time..."

"Time for what?"

"...to accept."

"What are you trying to accept?"

It seemed Joaquin wasn't going to let Azriel off easily this time.

'Of course he's worried...'

Despite appearing physically fine, his family must have been deeply concerned about his mental state.

Since his return, his mother and sister had scarcely left his side.

'Not that I mind...'

Such thoughts only intensified Azriel's guilt.

He could still feel Joaquin's eyes on him, waiting for an answer.

And so...

"I... I wasn't always alone over there. Not for a while, at least. I met a few people in the Voidrealm. I grew close to many of them... some more than I ever expected.

I even considered them as... family."

As Azriel spoke, Joaquin listened silently, his expression intrigued.

No one had really asked Azriel what he had endured in the Voidrealm.

"...I loved them almost as much as I love you, Mom, and Sis. But... something happened. Because of my actions, my choices, they died... I basically killed them."

His voice cracked with emotion as he continued.

"Now that I'm back here, I..."

"Feel guilty?" Joaquin finished for Azriel suddenly.

He looked at Azriel with a deep understanding, rare sadness in his eyes despite his smile.

"You feel guilty remembering everything about them when you're with us. The guilt is tearing you apart, knowing you're the reason for their deaths. It's as if now that you're with us, they don't matter. It's as if they could easily be replaced just like that."

Azriel stared at his father, wide-eyed, while Joaquin turned his gaze to the stars.

His words cut deep...

They hurt.

"I've met many people over the years, brothers and sisters. Though not bound by blood, the time and memories with them were just as precious. But... nothing lasts forever. Sometimes we're forced to make choices that the human heart can't endure, and so it shatters. The only thing we can do to rebuild it is to...

let go."

Azriel couldn't say anything even if he wanted to. He tried, but his words got stuck in his throat. There was nothing left for him to say.

Instead, what he had to do was as clear as day: he had to let go.

Looking down at his hands, he clenched them tightly.

'Letting go... hurts,'

More than he wanted to admit.

He was scared.

Joaquin said nothing more, his gaze fixed on the stars.

'I have no choice, do I...? Clinging to the past... hurts even more.'

This world he was in was unkind.

It wouldn't wait for him to be ready.

Azriel smiled softly.

His heart felt a little lighter now.

'I wonder when I will finally be ready to... let go.'

Perhaps he never would be. Or maybe he would. Only time would tell.

Looking toward his father, he was about to thank him until he noticed something odd. Joaquin was staring intently at the sky with a serious expression.

"What is wrong?"

Azriel asked, getting up and standing by his side.

Straining his eyes, he finally saw it.

Something was heading toward them.

It was small, almost unnoticeable to anyone who is a dormant or awakened, like a tiny star falling from the sky.

But...

That tiny star made Azriel' skin prickle with goosebumps.

Chapter 27: White Haven [1]
'Just what the hell is that?'

Joaquin couldn't sense anything coming from the white light descending upon them. He couldn't even trace where it came from.

He scowled at the mysterious glow.

'Just when I was finally having a rare moment with my son...'

Of course, something had to interrupt.

He and Azriel had never really had anything to talk about much before.

But now?

Joaquin felt like they could finally converse normally, perhaps even drink together and share stories of their battles.

'...How annoying.'

The white light was getting closer. It looked like a tiny star, its glow soft and subtle. Though small and seemingly insignificant, it carried an unsettling feeling.

He would have gone and stopped it by now, but perhaps because of all his battle experiences, something told him that if he tried to stop it, it wouldn't end well.

'It's an arrow... so an assassination attempt?'

It was quite bold for someone to try and kill the head of the Crimson clan with a single arrow.

Though as powerful as the tool may seem, it wouldn't be enough.

'The archer... isn't in the capital.'

That made him feel even more unsettled.

Whoever fired the arrow was powerful enough to shoot it from outside his range of detection.

'Well, whatever. I can't really let it land here now, can I?'

Stepping forward, he was about to take action until...

"Wait, Dad..."

Hearing Azriel's voice next to him, Joaquin stopped and looked towards his son.

Surprisingly, Azriel wasn't focused on the arrow getting closer by the second.

Instead, he was gazing straight ahead, as if seeing something else.

Following Azriel's line of sight, Joaquin couldn't find anything.

'What is he seeing?'

Instead of asking, Joaquin merely watched curiously, not even caring about the approaching arrow.

He noticed Azriel's eyes trailing the open air in front of him, as if reading something invisible.

'...He can see something that I can't, huh?'

Intrigued, Joaquin patiently waited.

'Does he have some sort of skill? But what is it?'

Why had Azriel told him to stop?

Finally, Azriel looked towards him.

For a few seconds, Azriel just stared at him.

Then, he turned his gaze towards the shining arrow, which was now starting to light up the estate with its blinding glow.

'Truly like a falling star,'

Joaquin thought, amused.

Finally, Azriel parted his lips.

"Don't do anything against it..."

'Don't do anything?'

"Why?"

Joaquin asked, incredulous.

Had Azriel gone crazy?

"Aren't you curious?" Azriel replied calmly.

Of course, Joaquin was curious as well.

'But is it really curiosity that is his motive...?'

The arrow was as mysterious as it could get.

Joaquin could barely sense any mana in it.

But the little he could sense...

'I doubt anyone who isn't on my level would survive a direct hit...'

"...Fine,"

In the end Joaquin agreed, watching as the entire estate was illuminated by the arrow's brilliance.

'Aeli is going to kill me for this,' he thought, imagining how his wife would berate him.

He glared at Azriel before touching his shoulder.

"Whoa!"

Azriel exclaimed, surprised as both of them were suddenly transported to the back end of the garden.

"Dammit, it's bright."

"It is..."

'I am definitely putting all the blame on him,'

Joaquin thought.

There was no way he was going to suffer because of his son's choices.

And so...

BOOOOMMM-!

The ground shook furiously upon the arrow's impact.

A cloud of dust formed in their vision.

'Now she is definitely going to kill me!'

Joaquin started to panic.

The impact was much wilder than he had calculated.

Gritting his teeth, he glared once again at Azriel, who was watching everything with an aloof expression.

'This boy! He has basically dragged me with him no matter what I do!'

The arrow wasn't the least bit scary compared to his wife!

"Tch..."

With a mere wave of his hand, the cloud of dust was gone.

The arrow was embedded in the ground perfectly, as if no damage was done to its surroundings.

It was still glowing white but dimmed down considerably.

"Huh...?"

It didn't make sense.

Joaquin was sure it would have at least left a huge crater or something.

'What about all that dust?'

Before he could think any further, Azriel was already walking towards it.

Joaquin didn't stop him; he merely watched from behind, curious.

It was rare for his own son to make such bold moves, but...

'I like it.'

Joaquin smiled.

The Void Realm had clearly changed Azriel for the better, which Joaquin liked very much.

But he was still angry.

'I will get my revenge... one day, when he least expects it.'

Arriving in front of the glowing arrow, Azriel easily picked it up from the ground.

When he did, the white light of the arrow started pulsing. Joaquin narrowed his eyes, seeing it.

'I don't sense anything happening, though...'

He was ready to intervene the moment he sensed Azriel's life in danger.

"What a weird form..."

Azriel mumbled to himself while calmly inspecting the arrow.

'Form?'

Joaquin was about to ask, but Azriel smiled, making him stop.

That smile... he recognized it.

It was the same smile Joaquin had when he relished in battle.

This was the first time Joaquin had seen Azriel smile like that, a smile of excitement.

It baffled him, though he didn't show it outwardly.

'Why...?'

Suddenly, Azriel spoke with the same smile on his face.

"Very well..."

Snap-!

The arrow in his hand broke like a twig.

"I accept"

'How did he do that...?'

Joaquin was sure the arrow belonged to at least a grandmaster, a powerful one at that.

Yet Azriel broke it easily.

'Was I wrong?'

Nothing was making sense.

Suddenly, a white light started enveloping Azriel.

Joaquin got on high alert, until Azriel turned towards him with the same smile.

"Don't worry. I should be back soon... probably."

Saying that, the white light shined even brighter, and then... he was gone.

"..."

"...Did I make a mistake?"

Joaquin didn't intervene the entire time since it seemed Azriel knew what he was doing.

"Was I wrong?"

He shook his head.

He was sure Azriel had an idea the moment he saw the arrow heading their way.

"But what just happened?"

He was gone, just like that.

"I can trust him, right? It's not like he would disappear again for two years..."

Right?

"I shouldn't think like that."

Everything that had just happened was Azriel's own choice, and it looked like he had it under control.

"But... that smile."

Joaquin was now even more curious about where Azriel had gone with such a smile.

Shaking his head once again, he walked forward.

"...!"

His eyes widened as he looked where Azriel had previously stood.

A beautiful black cross.

A mark.

"How...?"

The mark in front of him... Only a Grandmaster could leave something like that behind.

But it was normally a white mark.

Once one becomes a Grandmaster, they can open their own void rifts and anchor themselves with a mark on Earth and even one in the Void Realm.

"I see..."

It didn't take long for Joaquin to figure it out.

"That arrow... it is a Void artifact."

In fact, it was probably not even an arrow.

"For one who wanted to live a peaceful life, you sure have a knack for doing the opposite."

Joaquin was amused, not even worried in the slightest for Azriel.

Why?

Because Azriel was his son.

"I will be waiting."

Saying that, he suddenly heard the shouts of guards and footsteps approaching him.

The impact had clearly woken everyone up.

"Right..."

Joaquin clenched his fist behind his back.

"I will be waiting... but you better come back fast so I kill you myself."

[AN: Another chapter soon]

Chapter 28: White Haven [2]
"A church."

That was Azriel's first impression the moment he teleported here, leaving an obsidian black cross beneath his feet.

The walls gleamed with pure white marble, high arched windows admitting a gentle white light. The entire hall exuded peace and tranquility.

Everything around him was the same color.

White.

His own body had become shrouded in black, as if he had become a shadow itself.

The further he walked, the more he admired everything around him.

Or better said, the lack thereof.

Azriel was excited...

This wasn't something that belonged to the original plot of the book.

It was something new.

Something that hadn't happened yet or wasn't supposed to.

And...

[ • Side Event: Broken Bonds.]

[ • Side Quest: Accept the invitation to White Haven.]

[ • Event Experience: Ungainable.]

[ • Quest Reward: Gainable.]

-> [Void Mind]

The reward was something he definitely needed.

[Void Mind]: Allows the user to achieve a state of emotional detachment and clarity. In this state, emotions do not cloud judgment or decision-making, enabling the user to think with almost full rationality and focus.

With this skill, he could sell his story of being in the Void Realm for two whole years even easier.

He wasn't the person everyone thought he was after all...

And not being overwhelmed by his emotions in battle was definitely something Azriel needed.

Walking further, he eventually came to a pause.

Because...

Tak-!

Sitting behind a white-marbled round table was... a figure clad in shadows.

Tak-!

...playing chess by itself.

Gazing at the shadowy figure, Azriel had to guess by its body language that the person, or thing, was...

Bored.

Tak-!

'So, is he the one who invited me?'

But why?

This entire place was odd to begin with.

The mana density was extremely high, yet Azriel, for some reason, could not consume any of it.

It wasn't just that.

He couldn't even use his powers here.

'Like a no-kill zone in a video game...'

But...

Does that same rule apply to the figure in front of him?

If not, then Azriel is as good as dead.

Noticing his gaze, the shadowy figure turned its head towards Azriel.

Ba... Thump!

Azriel could hear his heart pounding loudly in his ears.

'Surely it won't kill me... right?'

It wouldn't make sense.

Why would the system give him a quest where he would have to die?

'Though I still have [Redo]... but still.'

He didn't want to use it.

Not this early.

"...You actually came."

Though he couldn't see his face, Azriel was sure the figure was...

Shocked.

Its voice was filled with disbelief.

"Of course I would. It would be rude not to, after inviting me in such an extravagant way."

'Though I would have preferred a letter instead.'

For a few seconds, there was no response. Only silence filled the hall.

Until...

"...!"

The hall shook violently, the marble floors vibrating underfoot. Chandeliers swayed wildly, their glass pieces clinking together like sinister wind chimes.

Cracks spread across the ceiling with a sharp, splintering sound. The walls groaned and creaked, as if they might give way at any moment.

A deep, ominous rumble seemed to come from everywhere around him, making it feel like the building itself was alive and in agony.

'W-what...!'

It took everything Azriel had not to lose his balance.

"Rude!? Ha! Rude, you say now!?"

Azriel didn't even have to look at the figure. Just its voice was enough for Azriel to know that it was...

Angry.

Furious.

But why?

What did he do to offend it?

"After all this time, you finally come back here? And this is what you say!?"

The figure's body was trembling, seething with anger.

'What is he talking about...!'

Azriel couldn't understand what it meant in the slightest.

The figure stood up and started approaching him.

Step-!

Even though the entire building kept shaking, the shadow seemed unbothered.

Step-!

Ba... Thump!

Each step echoed through the hall.

Step-!

Ba... Thump!

Loudly.

Step-!

Ba... Thump!

Ominously.

Step-!

Ba... Thump!

Seemingly in sync with his pounding heart.

Until...

Step-!

Ba... Thump!

He was only an arm's length away from Azriel.

The hall stopped trembling.

Silence fell like a heavy shroud, the air thick with tension.

Azriel could feel the figure's cold breath, on his skin.

Ba... Thump!

The only sound was that of his racing heart.

Ba... Thump!

"Don't you have anything else to say?"

The shadow's voice was eerily calm, as if another person had taken over.

"...Why?"

Azriel did his best to keep his voice from trembling.

Ba... Thump!

His heart was beating so loudly he was afraid the person in front of him could hear it.

It was obvious...

The rules of this being a no-kill zone didn't apply to the shadow before him.

"Why...?"

Confusion could be heard in its voice.

"Why are you so angry at me?"

Azriel glanced at the dark hands of the shadow, which were clenched tightly, as if trying to keep its emotions in check.

"You don't know...?"

Azriel shook his head.

"I don't."

'Just what the hell is going on here...'

Azriel gritted his teeth.

This entire situation was confusing.

"...Do you know who I am?"

Hearing his question, Azriel really wanted to punch him.

'How should I know!?'

He was the one who invited him here!

But...

"I don't."

Azriel shook his head again.

He couldn't lash out at him.

Not yet...

The shadow put his hand on his chin as if thinking deeply.

"You don't seem to be lying, huh..."

'Of course not...'

"What about now?"

"...!"

Both Azriel and his shadow form suddenly disappeared with a wave of its hand.

'What the...'

Standing in front of him was a boy who looked about the same age as him.

He had silver hair that shone like moonlight and blood-red eyes that seemed to glow like pools of crimson fire.

He was strikingly handsome, with a mix of elegance and something unsettling that made it hard to look away.

"How about now...?"

The boy was looking at Azriel with a hint of anticipation and anxiety.

Ba... Thump!

Azriel could hear his heart beat once again, yet this time it wasn't out of fear.

'What is this...'

He couldn't understand.

It felt like he recognized the person in front of him yet didn't at the same time.

Like he was about to grasp onto something yet it would pull away at the last minute.

It was...

'Frustrating.'

Incredibly so.

"I see... I finally understand everything now."

Azriel could hear the sadness and disappointment in the boy's voice.

For some reason, his heart felt heavy.

'Why...?'

Nothing made sense anymore.

"Let's sit down first... We have a lot to talk about."

Turning around, the boy walked again towards the round table.

"...Master."

Chapter 29: White Haven [3]
Sitting opposite the silver-haired boy, Azriel didn't know what to say.

From the moment he arrived, it had been one surprise after another.

'What a crazy person... I mean, who almost attacks the person they invited!?'

Perhaps he should have just stayed with his father...

Unable to bear the silence any longer, Azriel spoke.

"...What is your name?"

The boy blinked at him a few times as if still processing what Azriel had just said.

A look of understanding came to his face as he nodded.

'What is up with this guy...?'

"...Nol. My name is Nol."

Azriel nodded in acknowledgment.

"Alright, Nol. My name is-"

"Azriel. Azriel Crimson. I know perfectly well who you are."

"R-right..."

'I guess that makes sense; otherwise, he couldn't have exactly sent me an invitation.'

But the question still remained.

Why?

"You really don't remember, huh..."

'Remember?'

Azriel looked confused at Nol.

"You are the one who named me Nol."

"...!"

Azriel's eyes widened.

Named him?

How was that possible?

He was sure he had no memories of such a person, let alone naming him.

Besides...

'Did I name him when I was a baby or something...?'

That was impossible.

Azriel was convinced that Nol was simply... crazy.

"You don't believe me?"

"I don't."

How could he?

It was ridiculous, to say the least.

"I don't remember meeting you ever in my life."

"I thought as much..."

Nol went silent for a few seconds until a tired sigh escaped his lips.

"...I guess we should start from the beginning."

"Sure."

No matter what Nol said, Azriel was sure it was just crazy talk.

Honestly, he had already accepted the invitation, so couldn't he just go back?

But how?

'How troublesome...'

"You and I met for the first time more than a year ago."

"...!"

Azriel almost stood up in shock hearing his words.

'W-what... a year ago?'

Impossible.

He was supposed to be dead...

He was about to speak until Nol continued.

"Let me finish. It will all make sense after I'm done, or at least kind of..."

"..."

In the end, Azriel reluctantly nodded.

"Ever since I can remember, I have always been here."

Azriel looked at him in shock again but didn't interrupt.

"I had no name, no dreams, nor any will," Nol continued.

Simply put...

"I was an empty shell."

His eyes gazed above Azriel while his lips gently curved upward, reminiscing about his distant past.

"Locked in this prison, a warden and an inmate at the same time. Time here is weird. It flows slower than outside, but a day here feels like ten years while ten years feel like a day."

What he said confused Azriel, but at the same time, he felt like Nol was right.

It felt like his perception of time was getting messed up in here.

'I need to leave soon...'

"Then one day, you came here... the first person I ever laid my eyes upon. You looked beaten and battered yet relieved after finally finding a place to rest."

The more he spoke, the more Azriel became confused.

He had already figured out that this was a separate space.

How did he manage to arrive in this place?

It didn't add up...

"I didn't have any means to heal you, so you spent your days here with me until you recovered. If I had to guess, it took four whole months for you to recover from those injuries."

Azriel sucked in a cold breath.

Four months...

Just how injured was he?

"In those four months, you taught me everything there was to know about the void realm and earth. You named me, mentored me, and gave me dreams."

He spoke passionately about their time together, to the point that Azriel was starting to believe him.

"Unfortunately..." Nol suddenly grimaced.

"nothing lasts forever. Your injuries healed, and you made a full recovery. It was time for you to leave. Of course, you couldn't leave this place without my permission, but..."

His eyes locked with Azriel's.

"You made me a promise."

Saying that, Nol suddenly raised his right hand and then removed a ring from it.

"...!"

The ring... It was Azriel's.

His storage ring that he had gotten from his parents on his 13th birthday.

Clink-!

The ring spun briefly on the marble table before finally settling with a soft, resonant chime.

Its obsidian surface almost sucked all the light in the hall.

Azriel looked at him in shock and confusion.

"How...?"

"You gave it to me as a promise. A promise that you would return and a reminder of you, who I consider my master,"

Nol spoke calmly, but each word made Azriel feel the opposite.

"With your help, I even learned more about what I can do in here and how this place is my unique skill, White Haven. I can invite people to come here, though it takes a toll on my mana, and anyone who accepts is not allowed to use their powers here."

Nol narrowed his eyes dangerously toward Azriel, making him break out in a cold sweat.

"Yet whenever I invited you, you never accepted. I was starting to think that you abandoned me."

"But... it wasn't that you abandoned me; you simply forgot about me. No, not just me—you forgot a lot, didn't you?"

Azriel nodded his head this time. He had no memories of the last two years. He had thought it was because he was dead, but...

It seems he was wrong.

He didn't die.

Somehow.

"This chessboard... you were the one who taught me how to play,"

"Saying that the one who taught you how to play was your father,"

Azriel froze.

He felt his throat go dry because...

"...What did you just say?"

His father, Joaquin, never taught him how to play chess.

No.

It was Leo's father who taught him how to play chess.

"That your father taught you how to play chess..." Nol repeated, looking confused.

'What does this exactly mean...?' Azriel thought, his mind racing.

"How did I arrive here if you didn't even invite me?"

Azriel asked, trying to piece everything together.

Nol merely shrugged his shoulders.

"Beats me. You arrived here out of nowhere. At first, master, you were acting all weird and stuff, saying how you didn't belong here and were about to die from void creatures when you were just reading some kind of book mere minutes ago."

"After almost dying, you lost consciousness and arrived here,"

"Heh, I think that was the first time I actually laughed... you were so weird at first."

Azriel was getting a headache.

What did all of this mean?

Didn't he teleport to Europe when he first arrived in this world?

'Those two missing years... that wasn't because of the previous Azriel being dead. No... it was me taking his body, but...'

He had lost his memories.

'How...?'

Just what happened in those two years?

"I told you my name was Azriel Crimson, right?"

To his surprise, Nol shook his head.

"Not at first. Only after an entire month did you reveal your name to me."

Right now, it felt like Azriel was trying to complete a puzzle without having all the pieces.

'I need to find a different approach...'

"How can you invite a person?"

"There are two conditions I need to meet for inviting a person to White Haven. First, I need to have a little bit of their blood, and second, I need to know their full name."

'That's...'

Inconvenient.

Wasn't it basically impossible to invite someone when he couldn't even leave this place?

How was he supposed to acquire one's name or blood?

'Yet I somehow arrived here without those conditions...'

But Nol couldn't invite him this entire time until today.

"If I'm honest, after you left, someone else managed to get here without meeting those conditions."

"Huh? Who did?"

"A person that goes by the name Dante."

Chapter 30: White Haven [4]
'Dante?'

Azriel couldn't recall anyone with that name.

"Yes, Dante. The way he arrived here was... interesting."

"He said he found some altar in the void realm, namely in a place called the Asura Mountains. The moment he arrived here, he thought I was some angel or something that would bless him with powers..."

"And so I just went with it."

Azriel just looked blankly at him this time.

'So he lied...'

"In exchange for him being my information source and doing me a favor, I told him when the time was right, I would bless him."

"What favor?"

"You see, he has a skill where he can track a person with their blood, so I gave him yours... A few days ago, he finally found traces of you in France, only for you to disappear again suddenly."

Azriel narrowed his eyes.

"All the military bases got wiped out a few days ago... was that because of him?"

Nol merely nodded calmly as if it wasn't a big deal.

"It was. He had to keep face since he couldn't just go there and return empty-handed to the organization he belongs to."

'Organization?'

Azriel was getting an extremely bad feeling.

"What organization does he belong to?"

'Please don't say it...'

"Hmm, I think the name was Neo Genesis."

"Fuck..."

Neo Genesis, an organization that has been around since the first void generation. For some reason, they are hell-bent on letting Earth get consumed by the void realm.

Also, the organization would be responsible for the destruction of almost half of Asia...

Azriel even already knew what the next main event was going to be.

Right after the entrance exam, they would go on a trip... and of course, Neo Genesis will attack, intending to get rid of the future heroes.

"Haaa... that person, can he still track me?"

Nol shook his head, making Azriel feel relieved.

"No, his skill only works when he consumes your blood and needs to recharge every month. So we only met once a month, and I didn't give him any of your blood anymore at our last meeting. I was done searching for you."

"This invitation was supposed to be my last effort..."

"Who knew you and I would meet again at the very last moment?"

"...."

"That person Dante... to wipe out all the military bases in France, what rank is he in Neo Genesis?"

Neo Genesis had a strict hierarchy that everyone followed:

Initiates

Acolytes

Void Spawns

Enforcers

Void Commanders

Grand Executors

Heptarchs: The second-highest rank, consisting of seven powerful leaders, each referred to as a Head.

Supreme Archon: The absolute leader and mastermind behind NeoGenesis.

"Well, at first he was only an Enforcer when we first met. Now he has risen to the rank of Void Commander. Heh, he might get promoted to Grand Executor with that stunt he pulled in France."

Azriel didn't really know how to feel anymore. Those soldiers in France... they basically died because of him.

'Right... this won't be the first time someone will die because of me, will it?'

He knew just what type of world he was in.

The morals of his previous world... they wouldn't work here.

"I told him once he becomes a Heptarch, I would bless him with immortality. Pfft, as if I really could do that."

"...."

'What a shameless bastard...!'

Didn't he realize he had just made a future enemy?

Wait...

"Does he know my name?"

Luckily, Nol shook his head.

"No, I only gave him your blood and strictly ordered him not to identify it. He could only find out who you were if he found you."

'Good...'

"Do you still have Dante's blood?" Azriel asked.

Nol nodded.

"Yes, I still have some stored inside this ring, along with a bit of yours."

'Having someone inside the organization could be extremely useful.'

'It doesn't seem he can help me with my missing memories...'

How was this supposed to be just a side event?

It felt just as important as a main event!

"Anything else I need to know?"

Though he really hoped this was all.

He might actually go crazy.

"Nah, not that I can recall at the moment. Why? Do you want to go back?"

Azriel nodded.

"Yeah, my family must be worried by now..."

'Mom is totally going to kill me...'

"Your family, huh... right, master is a prince as well. Of course, he is."

Azriel felt uneasy seeing the strange admiration in Nol's eyes.

"Alright! Let's go meet your family!"

Nol suddenly shouted, standing up and walking toward where Azriel had entered.

"Huh?"

Meet his family?

"Wait!"

Azriel stood up and chased after him.

"Didn't you say you were stuck in this place?"

"Hmm, oh yes, I was stuck in this place. Not anymore though."

"What?"

He looked suspiciously at Nol now.

"Just yesterday, I finally managed to break the seal that was keeping me here. Now I can simply leave with the same way that brought you here."

'Just yesterday, huh...'

The timing was perfect... almost too perfect.

"It's funny, isn't it, master? If you hadn't accepted my invitation today, I would have left this place tomorrow... perhaps it's fate, no?"

"Perhaps... but... you are free now, aren't you? Why... why do you want to follow me?"

Nol could finally leave this place, yet instead, he waited for Azriel to come.

And now that he did, he intends to go with him to his family.

'Is that really what he wants?'

"Because you are my master."

Azriel looked at him, wide-eyed at the sudden serious look Nol was giving him.

"You might have forgotten your memories, but I haven't. No matter what, you are still my master, the one who taught me everything, and I intend to follow you till your death. Besides, staying with you, master... I doubt it would ever get boring."

It wouldn't.

"Is that really what you want?"

"It is."

Nol's voice was filled with confidence as he looked at Azriel seriously.

Azriel couldn't detect a hint of deception in Nol's voice.

"Haaa...."

In the end, he could only release a tired sigh.

'How am I supposed to explain this to Mom and Dad...'

Truly troublesome.

"What is your mana core level, actually?"

"Hmm? Oh, it's level 2. I am a grade 3 intermediate somehow."

'So, the same as me, huh... but how?'

It's not like Nol has killed a void creature before.

So...

'The mana in here... is it possible that because he has lived here for as long as he can remember, he adapted enough to consume the mana in the air and become a grade 3 intermediate?'

That would probably be the only thing that makes sense.

Azriel was honestly getting too tired and just wanted to get away from this place now.

"Fine, let's go... just don't cause any unnecessary trouble, alright?"

Hearing Azriel's words, Nol beamed with delight.

"Of course! I would never cause trouble for master!"

'I don't believe him...'

How could he?

This guy changes attitudes way too easily.

Just a while ago, this entire building was trembling with his rage, and now? He had become obedient.

Azriel could only shake his head and pray... pray that his parents wouldn't kill him themselves.

*****

"Whoa! So this is what Earth looks like, huh?"

Azriel watched Nol, who was mesmerized by his surroundings. They had just teleported back to the Crimson estate, landing in the backyard.

'You haven't seen half of it,'

Azriel thought, realizing Nol truly had never left White Haven.

How had Nol, with his unique skill, ended up imprisoned there?

It was a mystery.

Azriel noticed the sun already rising.

"Two hours is still better than two years, I suppose."

Suddenly, a cold, chilling voice cut through the air behind them, making both Azriel and Nol freeze.

Goosebumps prickled their skin as they slowly turned around.

A devil stood there.

In the form of his mother.

His poor father had already fallen in battle, slumped against a wall with his eyes closed...

Azriel swallowed hard, his mouth dry as dust. It felt like the entire garden was burning under her gaze.

'...Fuck.'

[AN: Extra character illustrations are now available on the Discord server!]

