Freya didn't hesitate in her response.

"If he wants to use me, then I'll simply use him."

Suddenly, her lips curved into a slight smile, catching Solomon off guard as he stared at her wide-eyed.

"When the attack happens, the parties inside the dungeon will continue if they survive. They will only come out stronger, even if some are sacrificed in the process. As for Azriel Crimson... I am giving him the title of Apex."

"Huh..."

Solomon looked stunned.

The title of Apex was only given to those ranked first in their respective years. By granting it to Azriel, Freya was already planning to make him the top-ranked student in his first year.

She didn't doubt that no one equal to Azriel would appear in the entrance exam.

It would be ridiculous.

Even if Azriel held back, his fate was sealed. No one would argue with the decision, given his strength.

"You lied to him..."

"If he lied to me, it's only fair I do the same. Besides, having the Apex of the first years as a grade 3 intermediate will only motivate the other students to work harder. He'll be forced to actively play his role as Apex, leading the students during the attack."

What she was doing could be seen as reckless, a gamble on how things would unfold during the attack, but...

She wanted stronger heroes.

If this worked...

Her wish might finally be fulfilled.

"...You will invoke the wrath of the Crimson Prince for this."

Solomon's tone sharpened as he tried to warn Freya, but...

She merely raised her eyebrows.

"Prince or not, he's still just a grade 3 intermediate. Besides, it's my academy, and CASC falls under my rule as the representative of the four great clans."

"Haa... If that's what you say."

Solomon stood up, shaking his head exaggeratedly as he planned to grab something to eat before he left. As Freya watched him, he suddenly stopped without turning around.

"A word of advice... you shouldn't—no..."

He shook his head again.

"Both you and Azriel are underestimating each other too much... Though, I guess that's what makes this more interesting."

*****

The banquet was finally coming to an end, and the guests were starting to leave. Azriel was no longer in the ballroom; instead, he was sitting in a separate room on a couch.

Opposite him, on another couch, sat his parents and Ragnar.

They had called him to this room for some reason but hadn't elaborated, apparently waiting for someone else.

'I want to sleep...'

The fact that Freya had agreed to his plan was a relief.

For the past two months, ever since meeting Nol, he had played his role without breaking character, all leading up to today.

And it paid off.

Physically he might be fine, but mentally he was dead tired.

'Maybe I can finally loosen up a little...'

As he waited for the other person to arrive, his thoughts drifted to the void dungeon.

Each floor was filled with void creatures, becoming more dangerous the lower one went.

Solo diving in the void dungeon was almost seen as suicide.

Still, Azriel considered the void dungeon a blessing.

How could one grow stronger?

The answer was simply the void dungeon.

No one who wasn't a master would be crazy enough to venture into the void realm to grow stronger, nor could anyone significantly grow by hunting void rifts.

So, the best method was the void dungeon.

How the void dungeon worked was a mystery to everyone and even Azriel.

Each floor had a boss, and killing the void creatures caused their bodies to disintegrate into sparkles, leaving only their mana cores.

For a proper adventurer or someone aspiring to be a hero, the void dungeon was heaven.

Suddenly jolted from his thoughts by the sound of the door opening behind him, Azriel turned to see Celestina entering the room.

'What is she doing here...?'

Azriel looked at her, confused.

"Celestina, dear, why don't you sit down next to Azriel?"

His mother spoke softly, but both Celestina and Azriel could sense the firmness in her tone—she wasn't taking no for an answer.

'What is going on...?'

A sinking feeling began to settle in Azriel's stomach. The looks Ragnar and his parents were giving him were unsettling.

Celestina, equally confused, sat down beside him.

Their shoulders were almost touching.

As Azriel was about to speak and ask what was happening, Celestina beat him to it.

"Why were we called here?"

Azriel looked at his parents and Ragnar with the same question in his eyes, his unease growing.

It didn't take long for Ragnar to deliver a bombshell of an answer.

"We want the two of you to get engaged."

Chapter 39: Engagement [3]
The act he had been perfectly playing for the past two months was crumbling before his eyes like dust.

Azriel's mind went blank.

He could only sit there, frozen, staring wide-eyed at Ragnar after hearing the words that left his mouth.

'Engaged? Who? Me? But... I am just an ordinary high school student... Oh wait...

I am Azriel Crimson now... yes, Leo is gone now...'

Aeliana stifled a laugh, holding both hands against her mouth as she watched Azriel, who didn't notice that the person next to him was mirroring the exact same expression.

Since arriving at EASC, Azriel had been steeling his mind for almost anything that could come his way—be it an assassination attempt, a void rift, another titan playing with his mind, or even betrayal.

But the word 'engaged' was never one of them.

It was a word that didn't even exist in his dictionary.

Why would he even think of such a thing in a world where one could die at any moment?

And to be asked to get engaged, not just to anyone, but to Celestina Frost, the princess of the Frost Clan, one of the main characters in Path of Heroes, and part of the protagonist's harem?

How could he have ever anticipated such a situation?

From the previous Azriel's memories, he knew that he wasn't interested in having a relationship or understanding much about love.

The same could be said for when he was Leo.

Surprisingly, as Leo, he did get confessed to at least every 2-4 months from middle to high school.

But not being really interested and perhaps even being a little scared, he always politely declined them each time.

Even though almost anyone would kill to be in his situation right now, Azriel didn't feel the same.

He simply wasn't interested and had no desire to get engaged with Celestina.

The only natural response in this situation seemed obvious to him: refuse, as he always had.

Azriel opened his mouth to object to the request but then—

He froze.

'W-what..'

Positioned next to the couch of his parents and Ragnar, leaning against the wall with his arms crossed, was the last person Azriel ever thought to see.

Before Azriel could react, the person suddenly put his finger against his lips, a mischievous smile tugging at the corners.

"Don't do anything stupid. We don't want your future wife thinking you're crazy... but the fact that you can see me already proves you are. Not that we didn't already know that."

Hearing his words, Azriel surprisingly calmed down, taking a deep breath.

'That was close...'

He had been about to attack the guy on the spot.

"You don't say! Really, perhaps you should use [Void Mind] constantly to actually have some rational thoughts, damn animal."

Azriel flinched hearing him grumble.

'You... you can hear my thoughts...?'

The person didn't respond, merely kept smiling at him as Ragnar suddenly spoke up again, trying to break the awkward atmosphere that had settled.

"Back when Joaquin and I were in the academy, we made a promise to each other. If one day we both had kids—a son and daughter the same age—we'd get them engaged."

Ragnar suddenly looked at Azriel, but Azriel didn't meet his eyes; his entire focus was on the person making his parents and Ragnar look at him in confusion.

"... We were supposed to talk about it last year but... as you know that wasn't possible."

No response.

Both Azriel and Celestina didn't seem to properly hear his words.

Ragnar could only sigh.

"I know this might seem abrupt and fast, but there was no better moment than now, since the both of you are going to the hero academy next week... We will go to the ballroom and bid our farewell to the remaining guests while the two of you can talk it out."

In other words...

It wasn't an order.

If Ragnar and Joaquin ordered the two of them to get engaged, there wasn't much he or Celestina could do.

But instead, they got to decide for themselves.

Azriel didn't even realize they left until he heard the door shut behind him.

Celestina still seemed lost in her own head, making him narrow his eyes at the person.

'How are you here...?'

Visibly scoffing at Azriel, He responded.

"How else? Because of your head that has gone mad, mongrel! Try actually getting more than four hours of sleep for once!"

Azriel gritted his teeth as the person tapped his temples with both his fingers.

He discovered something new today.

Getting insulted by the bastard in front of him was...

Extremely annoying.

Especially when the said bastard is yourself.

Or better said, Leo Karumi.

"What are you looking at me like that for?"

As if in a competition, the two started glaring hard at each other.

Until...

"Tch, forget it. You realize you're trying to pick a fight with yourself? Honestly, how much more pathetic can you get? You damn narcissistic coward, stop looking at me when you have such a beautiful girl sitting next to you! Gods! I hate myself!"

'You... how much more are you going to insult me!?'

Azriel was getting extremely close to snapping.

How much more did he have to endure?

And what the hell did this idiot mean by just being in his head?

He wasn't insane!

Definitely not...

"Argh! Dammit, you're still thinking about yourself, aren't you!? We can have our little interrogation at a later date. Right now, you've got something, or rather someone, more important to deal with!"

Leo pointed his finger at Celestina, who seemed totally out of it, making Azriel even more worried.

'What the hell is even up with her...?'

Her face was totally blank as she kept looking at the floor.

"Probably thinking about this engagement... which, by the way, why the hell would you want to object to it!?"

'Huh?'

Azriel looked at him in shock and confusion.

'I mean, shouldn't you know? What reason is there for me to accept?'

"Haa... idiot. Let's alter that question of yours a little, shall we? What reason is there for you to deny?"

Strangely, when asked, Azriel couldn't say or rather think of a reason.

Why did he have to deny this engagement?

There wasn't really much to lose from it.

In fact, he would only be gaining more from being with Celestina.

"Listen, what are we—no, what are you trying to do in this world now?"

Azriel looked confused again at Leo.

"All you're doing is surviving, but... is that everything you want to do? Just keep jumping into each important event for what exactly? A coffee shop? Helping heroes? What's next?

Becoming the big bad himself?"

Azriel couldn't think of anything to counter his words.

'You're saying that I should get engaged with her to have a reason to keep pushing myself?'

"Exactly! Would you look at that, I'm not that stupid after all!"

'But is that even possible...?'

"Hmm? What do you mean?"

Azriel looked at Celestina's face and felt himself getting awestruck, but... that was it.

He didn't feel anything like love for her.

'Is it even possible for someone like me to fall in love with her? I haven't fallen in love with a girl ever. You know that. Why would this time be different...?'

"Ugh..."

Leo slumped his shoulders in disappointment.

"How can I be such a coward? Fighting an entire organization hell-bent on killing the future heroes is fine, but interacting with a beautiful girl and maybe falling in love with her is too much? Seriously?"

Azriel could only avert his eyes in shame hearing Leo.

"Stop acting so scared and just accept it. You are only winning in this situation. If you fall in love with her, then great—you finally have a solid reason to push forward. If not, then you can always go hunting for another. The amount of things in this world are surely enough to keep you excited and motivated."

'I guess you're right...'

He should just do what Leo said.

Stop being scared.

'But haven't we forgotten the most important thing?'

"Hmm? Important? I don't think so... oh."

Leo suddenly realized as he and Azriel both gazed at the absentminded Celestina.

'What does she think of this engagement?'

Chapter 40: Engagement [4]
'Engaged... me? I'm only 16! How can Dad just say something like this without warning!?'

Celestina's mind was such a mess that she didn't even notice Ragnar and Azriel's parents leaving or the door shutting behind them.

The mere thought of having a boyfriend or getting engaged had never crossed her mind.

To her, such notions were foolish and unnecessary.

She only had one goal.

Becoming a hero.

But not a hero to save humanity.

No.

Her desire to be a hero stemmed from a simple, yet powerful obsession she had harbored for the past seven years.

Revenge.

She wanted revenge for her grandparents' deaths.

Even now, she could vividly recall that dreadful day.

The day that marked one of the greatest losses the Frost Clan had ever suffered.

Celestina wasn't close to many people, except her family.

Especially her grandparents.

She yearned for revenge against the skinwalkers who had killed them, but they were already dead.

Her father had already avenged them.

Now, she was left with a hatred she couldn't let go of.

So, she directed that hatred towards another enemy.

The void.

The source of her parents' tears that day.

Celestina would annihilate all the void creatures, showing them no mercy.

But to do that, she needed to become a hero and not disappoint her family.

Because of all this, she never thought about love like other girls her age.

'Ugh... what am I supposed to do!?'

All of this was way too sudden for her.

But she understood why her father hadn't told her beforehand.

It was because she would surely have rejected it.

Even though an engagement between her and Azriel, who are part of two of the four great clans, would seem like a strategic alliance to the public and make them believe that the four great clans were always working together, thereby reassuring them.

She didn't really care about that.

And this engagement wasn't for such a purpose either.

She had never expected her father and Azriel's father to make such an idiotic promise.

'Wait... does Mom know about this?'

Suddenly, she recalled the mysterious smile of her mother before she left the Frost estate.

Her mother didn't join them since she was pregnant and preferred to stay back home.

'She knew... she totally knew about this! Argh! Is she selling me off now that she'll have another child!?'

Celestina gritted her teeth.

All the goodwill she had for her unborn little sister or brother vanished into thin air.

"Celestina...?"

"H-huh?"

She snapped her head to her left, seeing Azriel looking at her with a blank face, but she noticed the little worry in his red eyes.

"A-ah! I'm sorry, I was lost in thought!"

Celestina spoke hurriedly, embarrassed that she had zoned out in front of him and made him worry.

'My perfect image is ruined...!'

Azriel chuckled, making her want to run away even more.

"It's fine, but..."

Suddenly, he pointed his finger towards the clock on the wall.

"Twenty minutes have already passed."

'Eh? He's right... Wait, did he really watch me silently for the past twenty minutes!?'

"...."

Taking a few deep breaths, she calmed down.

Facing Azriel again, who was still looking at her calmly.

She was grateful that he waited for her.

"Azriel... what do you think about all of this?"

Even though she wanted to deny this engagement, it wouldn't be so simple.

Not now that it had come to this point.

And more importantly...

She was curious about Azriel.

Celestina was curious about many things related to Azriel, but right now, the most pressing was what he thought about this engagement.

"What I think about this engagement, huh..."

Azriel looked forward, giving her a view of his side profile.

'He really is handsome...'

Celestina shook her head, dispelling the thoughts she was having.

Certainly, if she were just a normal girl, she would have instantly agreed to get engaged to Azriel.

No fool would object to such a thing.

Unfortunately, Celestina was far from normal.

She was a princess!

'Yes, he should be the one rejoicing about getting offered an engagement with me!'

Celestina nodded to herself, conveniently forgetting that Azriel was also a child of one of the four great clans.

"If I had to be honest... I am not really a fan of these types of things. Instead..."

Azriel smiled shyly and scratched his cheek, seemingly embarrassed.

"I believe we should only get engaged if we truly love each other."

Celestina smiled, hearing his words.

She also believed that such a thing should happen when they loved each other.

She was glad that Azriel thought the same way.

'It's cute how he's embarrassed for saying something like that...'

This was perhaps the first time they had actually had such a long conversation together.

"Does that mean you object to this engagement?"

Azriel shook his head, surprising Celestina.

"Huh?"

Instead of being mad, she was curious.

"At first, when they told us, I was about to refuse, but..."

Azriel looked back at her, their eyes locking.

"I changed my mind."

"Why? I can tell you don't love me... unless you are just that good at hiding your feelings."

A small smile appeared on Azriel's face.

"You'd be surprised at how good I am, but... no, it's not because I fell in love with you or something."

"Then what is it?"

Azriel's face became complex, as if he were thinking deeply about his answer.

"...I don't know."

"Eh...?"

Celestina looked at him, confused.

'He doesn't know? Then why the hell would he want to get engaged with me...'

She was suddenly speechless as she looked at Azriel.

Right now, he looked no different than a child who seemed to be lost and didn't know how to approach anyone.

'So this is why Jasmine is always so overprotective of him...'

She felt like she had solved one of the greatest mysteries on earth.

Azriel looked down, breaking his gaze with her. A sigh escaped his lips.

"This might sound selfish to you, but... I guess I'm trying to find something, a reason perhaps, if I get engaged with you."

Celestina didn't speak and merely listened intently to his words.

She could tell...

Even though it didn't look like it, he was struggling to find the right words.

"I don't really have a fixed goal like the rest, something that keeps me going. I guess that's one of my biggest flaws—always trying to find a reason to keep moving forward without having an actual dream."

"...What about the academy? Don't you want to become a hero?"

Surprisingly to her, Azriel shook his head.

"I never said anything about wanting to become a hero... My reason for going is simply to get stronger to protect my family."

"Then isn't that a reason to keep moving forward in itself? To get stronger for your family?"

"Temporarily, sure, but in the end... I still seek something more, I guess."

If she was honest with herself, Celestina didn't understand what Azriel meant.

But she could see he was struggling with it too, and it made her feel sympathy for him.

'Still... not wanting to be a hero...'

She smiled softly, remembering the similarities with the old Azriel.

'I guess some things never change.'

"I still don't see how getting engaged with me will give you the answer..."

Azriel chuckled in response.

"Me neither, but that's why it's selfish of me."

Celestina laughed as well. Talking to him felt strangely refreshing, like she didn't have to put on an act in front of him, making her feel more at ease.

'Wait, what am I doing!? I'm getting too comfortable!'

Scolding herself, Celestina stopped smiling.

"I think I understand where you are coming from, but..."

Hearing her voice turn serious, he became serious too.

"I don't think I can accept this engagement."

"...Is that so."

Chapter 41: Engagement [5]
Celestina had expected him to get a little mad or frustrated but was surprised to find how calmly he responded.

"You aren't angry?"

A chuckle escaped Azriel's lips as he shook his head in response.

"What kind of person would I be if I got angry at you for not wanting to indulge in my selfishness?"

'I guess he is right...'

There was no reason for her to really accept this engagement since it wasn't even an order given to them.

Besides, Celestina found it more selfish of her parents and Azriel's parents to only tell them about all of this now.

If there was anyone she blamed, it would be them, not Azriel.

"Though, can I ask you a question?"

Raising her eyebrows at him, trying not to offend her, she nodded her head.

"...Why do you want to be a hero?"

Celestina looked at him, puzzled and a little shocked.

Why would he ask her such a question specifically?

It felt like Azriel already knew the answer, making her furrow her brows.

It wasn't like the incident was kept hidden or anything like that.

Azriel was also a prince, meaning he obviously knew more than others about what happened that day.

But it still confused her why he would ask her such a question.

She had never really told anyone apart from her parents why she wanted to become a hero, and Celestina was sure they never told Azriel as well.

As if sensing her hesitation and confusion, Azriel spoke once more.

"When Uncle Ragnar and my parents left, your expression resembled that of someone I once knew..."

'Someone he used to know?'

Celestina kept looking at him, confused.

"It looked like you were thinking about something painful. Something or someone you hate deeply and want... revenge."

"...!"

Her eyes widened at Azriel, who calmly assessed how she felt. She was sure that even if she zoned out, she was at least masking what she felt.

Or at least that was what she thought.

'Was I really that obvious...?'

Celestina didn't think she was someone who was easy to read, so it was either she had misjudged herself or underestimated Azriel.

Maybe even both.

A wry smile appeared on Azriel's face.

"Looks like I was right, huh... Sorry, you don't have to tell me. It was rude of me to ask something like this."

Celestina bit her lip, hearing his words.

"No, it's fine... you are right. The reason I want to become a hero is indeed for revenge."

Azriel didn't interrupt and merely listened to her attentively, making her feel grateful.

"You might already know this, but seven years ago, when that incident happened, among the victims were my grandparents. I loved them as much as I love my parents, perhaps even more since Mom and Dad are usually always so busy, resulting in me spending more time with my grandparents naturally..."

A chuckle escaped Celestina's lips.

"Back then, I truly felt like a princess. Even though Mom and Dad were always busy, everyone doted on me and spoiled me to no end. I had everything I wanted and felt fulfilled, but... I was naive to think it would last forever. The attack of those skinwalkers made me realize just how cruel this world really is."

She could feel tears starting to form in her eyes, but Azriel didn't comfort her in the slightest. He just kept staring at her silently.

A smile broke onto Celestina's face at his actions.

"How cruel of you... shouldn't you comfort a crying princess?"

Celestina joked as she wiped her tears with her hands.

Azriel grinned in response.

"I don't find the princess in front of me so delicate as to need the comforting words of someone like me."

A chuckle escaped her lips as Celestina shook her head.

"Anyway... ever since that day, I promised myself to get revenge for what happened."

"Revenge? Even though your father killed those skinwalkers already?"

"The skinwalkers aren't the source of all this tragedy in our world. It's the void realm. Until the day the void realm is destroyed, countless other grandparents, parents, or children will keep suffering. I will make sure to destroy the void realm and kill those creatures with my own hands... that will be my revenge."

"I see..."

Azriel sighed as he looked ahead.

Anyone who heard Celestina now and looked at her face could tell she had made up her mind.

There was no convincing her otherwise that what she was trying to do was pure madness.

'He must think I am insane now...'

Celestina thought with a sad smile on her face. It was normal for someone to think that way if they heard her goals.

She didn't understand why she even told Azriel this in the first place.

Perhaps she wanted someone to understand her and take her seriously.

It was obvious to her that even though Celestina's parents didn't say anything, they didn't believe in her revenge either.

'Given how absurd the void realm is, it's only natural...'

"...How admirable."

"!?"

Hearing the voice on her left, her head snapped towards Azriel, who was still looking ahead.

A smile was on his face as he spoke those words directed at Celestina.

"W-what did you just say...?"

Celestina asked, thinking that she might have misheard.

"I am saying that you have such an admirable goal."

'What... my revenge is admirable?'

The last thing she ever expected was to be praised.

She even expected Azriel might tell her to give up on revenge, yet...

He didn't.

"There was a person once who also wanted revenge for his family..."

'The one who resembled my expression?'

Looking at Azriel, she saw him staring at the couch where his parents and her father had been sitting before they left.

It looked like those blood-red eyes of Azriel were seeing that very person in front of him.

A mocking smile suddenly cracked on Azriel's lips, making Celestina speechless.

"That boy's little sister, mom, and dad... basically his entire family, which gave him an excuse to wake up the next morning, were killed by some bastard. The boy had nothing left to live for after his family was gone. All he had was a desire for revenge against the bastard that took his family, yet... he was too powerless in that world to take his revenge."

'That world... Is he speaking of the void realm? Does that mean he was there with that boy? He wasn't alone?'

Celestina knew that Azriel wasn't in any of the conquered places in the void realm, so that must have meant he was in some unexplored territory of the void realm.

But the fact he wasn't alone made her even more curious about where he was all this time in the void realm.

"He realized that it wasn't just that bastard's fault for his family's death... Just before his family's death, the boy and his family had a huge fight. Later on, he realized that if he hadn't fought with them and had listened to them instead of pushing them away, they would still be alive. He was just as much to blame—perhaps even more—for their death than the one who killed them."

"Then... what happened? Did he never get his revenge?"

For some reason, Celestina felt a strong need to know the answer.

A chuckle escaped Azriel's lips. She felt there was something off about that laugh but couldn't quite place it.

"He didn't. He simply... gave up on his revenge. That's why I find it admirable, you know?"

His red eyes once again locked with her grey ones.

There was a certain intensity in his gaze that made her want to look away, but she couldn't.

It was as if her eyes were glued to him.

"You are also as powerless as he was to achieve your revenge, yet... you don't give up. The way you speak about it, it's as if you would do anything necessary to accomplish your goal, even if it means being called crazy."

"Ah..."

It felt strange to be acknowledged for not giving up on her revenge.

He didn't rebuke or discourage her—instead, he admired her perseverance.

She never thought anyone would say such a thing to her, and it made her... happy.

Perhaps that's why she was at a loss for words.

"It looks like we've taken too long, huh..."

Azriel suddenly spoke, making her glance at the clock. An hour had already passed.

'It felt like only five minutes...'

"We should probably let them know we don't agree with the engagement."

"Right..."

With that, Azriel and Celestina both stood up.

Her mind was still caught up on the boy and his failed revenge.

'Why did it feel like... he was talking to himself?'

There was something oddly emotional in the way Azriel spoke, but she couldn't quite discern what it was.

As she continued to ponder, she suddenly heard Azriel call out to her from behind as she was about to open the door.

"Celestina."

Turning around, she saw Azriel standing there with a smile that momentarily took her breath away.

She was captivated.

"Once we truly love each other, let's get engaged."

"..."

"..."

"...H-huh...?"

Chapter 42: White Christmas
He should have known better.

He should have realized that friendship was never meant for someone like him.

Even though they were all the same age, there was an invisible, insurmountable distance between him and the other children—a difference he couldn't quite grasp.

At school or at the park, no one wanted to play with someone as strange as him.

He didn't laugh at their jokes, didn't understand their games, and when he tried to join in, they just looked at him like he was from another world.

But that didn't matter.

At least, that's what he told himself.

It wasn't that it bothered him much that he had no friends to play with.

The only reason he even tried was so his mother wouldn't worry.

He didn't need anyone else. As long as she was there, that was enough.

His father had left them long before he could even learn to speak.

It was just the two of them—always had been.

But every night, he would hear his mother crying, whispering his father's name like a broken record, blaming herself over and over for not being good enough.

He didn't understand what she meant by that.

How could someone as kind and gentle as his mother not be good enough?

Perhaps because he was growing older, understanding more of the world, his curiosity grew too.

The questions that had been bubbling inside him finally spilled over one day.

"Mom... why does no one want to play with me?"

There was no sadness in his voice, no bitterness.

Just a simple, innocent curiosity.

He didn't expect much of an answer, maybe just a shrug or a soft laugh.

But instead, his mother's eyes filled with tears, and she pulled him into a tight embrace.

He froze, confused and unsure.

Did he say something wrong?

Did he hurt her without realizing it?

Why was she crying?

"I'm sorry... I'm so sorry, Sol..." she whispered, her voice breaking as she repeated the words over and over again.

He didn't understand why she was apologizing.

He didn't even know what she was apologizing for.

But seeing her cry made his chest ache in a way he couldn't describe.

After a long moment, she seemed to calm down a little.

Still holding him close, she stroked his hair softly, the way she always did when she wanted to comfort him.

It felt good, making him feel warm and safe, even if he didn't understand why she was upset.

"Why did you ask that, Sol? Are you feeling lonely?"

Lonely?

He had never thought of it that way.

It wasn't loneliness that made him ask, just a simple curiosity.

It didn't really matter to him if the other kids ignored him. He was used to it by now.

"No," he shook his head.

"I just wanted to know why no one seems to like me."

His mother's grip on him tightened, and he felt her body shake slightly as she held him.

For a moment, he thought she might start crying again, but she didn't.

Instead, she just hugged him closer.

"Listen, Sol... if you want them to like you, you should try smiling. When you smile, people tend to look more favorably toward you. Even if you don't feel like it, just keep smiling. Whether you want to cry, scream, or laugh... just smile."

He looked up at her, confused.

"But... isn't that lying?"

She always told him not to lie, that honesty was important.

So why would she tell him to smile when he didn't feel like it?

Wasn't that the same as lying about being happy?

His mother shook her head, her eyes sad and tired.

"Sometimes, lying is the only way to get what you want... whether it's good or bad."

To get what he wants?

He didn't really understand what she meant.

But if his mother said so, it was only natural for him to listen.

She always knew what was best for him.

So if smiling would make things better, he would simply smile from now on.

"Sol... you don't need to ever feel lonely, okay? Mom won't ever leave you..."

As she buried his face in her chest, her words echoed in his mind.

They were meant to be comforting, to soothe him, to make him feel safe and loved.

But instead, they left a strange, hollow feeling inside him.

He realized something then.

Something he wished he hadn't.

His mother was lying.

*****

"You really are disgusting..."

Azriel didn't respond to the voice behind him as he gazed down from the balcony at the guests leaving the party below.

His mind was empty, his thoughts distant, as he stared at the sea of people beneath the moonlight.

"You could have had her right there, yet you decided to let her go, giving her the illusion of escaping you," the voice continued, closer now.

Leo appeared beside him, leaning against the balcony railing, mirroring Azriel's stance as they both watched the guests below.

Azriel chuckled softly, his thoughts drifting back to his last encounter with Celestina.

Her face had turned beet red before she ran off, flustered and confused.

'Who knew she could make such an adorable face...'

"Why did you let her go?"

Leo's voice broke through his reverie.

Azriel turned his head slightly, catching a glimpse of Leo's emerald eyes, burning with hatred.

The intensity in them made Azriel's smile widen, though it was laced with sadness.

"It's because I didn't lie to her." Azriel said quietly.

"I truly want to understand what it means to love before getting engaged."

Leo scoffed, the sound dripping with disdain. "How noble of you."

"Right?"

Azriel's smile grew, tinged with irony.

"Are we going to ignore how you played the headmistress for a fool as well?"

Leo's voice was sharper now, probing.

Azriel shook his head, his gaze returning to the guests below.

"I did what I had to do. Besides, after the void dungeon incident, she'll get what she's always wanted."

"And that is...?"

Leo's curiosity piqued, his tone softening.

A grin crept across Azriel's face.

"A true hero."

Leo chuckled darkly.

"A true hero, huh? Imagine her disappointment when she realizes it won't be you."

Azriel sighed, his breath misting in the cold night air.

"Hey."

Leo turned to face him fully, their eyes locking.

"What is it?"

"What are you, really?"

Azriel asked, his voice low and probing.

Leo's expression remained unreadable.

"What I am? Didn't I tell you already? I'm you."

Azriel shook his head slowly.

"You're not. If I were truly losing my mind, you wouldn't be the person I'd see. Especially not with those eyes..."

Leo didn't respond, his gaze steady and inscrutable.

'You can't really read my thoughts, can you? You're just predicting them,'

Azriel thought, studying Leo's face.

"Besides, if you were me, you wouldn't have any trouble knowing what this is..." Azriel suddenly pulled up his sleeve, revealing his left forearm.

Etched into his skin was a tattoo—its design haunting.

At its center was a skull with hollow, endless eyes, its surface cracked and weathered like ancient stone.

Behind the skull, great wings unfurled, their feathers shifting from soft plumes to jagged bones, caught in a transformation between life and death.

Beneath the skull hung an hourglass, its frame twisted with thorny vines that seemed to dig into Azriel's flesh, as if the tattoo itself was alive.

A scythe arched across the background, its blade gleaming with a ghostly sheen, the handle wrapped in ancient runes.

"You know, it's been difficult hiding this from my family for the past two months... especially today,"

Leo stared at the tattoo, seemingly mesmerized by the dark design, his gaze locked on it without blinking.

Azriel's smile turned mocking.

"You don't know, do you? That's why you're not me. If you were, you'd know exactly what this means. You'd know the runes. But you don't... because you're not allowed to."

Leo's eyes filled with even more hatred, but he remained silent, his gaze now piercing and cold.

'Only a few people in this world would know what this is, would understand the runes like I do,'

The tattoo on his forearm wasn't just ink.

It was a mark, a symbol of who he truly was—something that wasn't written in just any normal book.

Azriel and Leo continued to stare at each other, their eyes locked—blood-red against emerald green—neither speaking, neither looking away.

Finally, Leo sighed, breaking the tension.

"Fine. You win this time. I thought I had you fooled perfectly."

He glanced again at Azriel's tattoo, shuddering.

"I don't know what that is or what it means, but it gives me chills... Hide that thing."

Azriel pulled his sleeve back down, covering the tattoo.

"Thanks..."

The hatred in Leo's eyes faded, replaced by an almost weary look as he gazed at Azriel.

"I'll take my leave for now."

Azriel raised an eyebrow. "You're not going to tell me who you really are?"

Leo shook his head.

"I will... but not today. Besides, you must already suspect what I am."

Before Azriel could respond, Leo disappeared, vanishing into thin air as if he'd never been there at all.

Azriel sighed, leaning back against the balcony railing, the cold metal pressing into his back.

"Seriously... what an eventful day it's been."

He was about to turn in for the night when something caught his eye—something drifting down from the sky.

"Hmm?"

Delicate white flakes tumbled through the air, drifting lazily from the darkness above.

"...Snow."

The snow fell quietly, almost gently, each flake twirling as if it had all the time in the world.

The guests below noticed it too, pausing in their conversations to look up at the sky.

Azriel smiled sadly, the snow reflecting in his eyes.

"A white Christmas, huh..."

Chapter 43: Lumine Versille
Dear Mom, Dad, and Lia,

I don't even know why I'm writing this. You're not here to read it, and maybe that's why I'm doing it—because if you were, I'd never have to write it at all.

The house is so quiet now. Sometimes, I sit in the living room and just listen, hoping to hear your footsteps in the hall or the sound of the kettle in the kitchen.

But it's just silence. This place used to be filled with life, with you. Now, it feels like a tomb, and I'm trapped inside.

I keep expecting you to come back, to walk through the door and tell me it was all a mistake, that you're not really gone. But you never do. And I'm starting to realize you never will.

I've tried to keep it together, to stay strong like you'd want me to, but I'm failing. Every day is a struggle just to get out of bed.

I feel so empty, like I'm just going through the motions, pretending to live a life that doesn't mean anything anymore.

The only thing that might have helped me was getting revenge, but can you believe it? All he got was ten years in prison.

Ten years for taking you all from me. And all because he pretended to feel guilty, like that could ever be enough. It's like the world's playing a cruel joke, and I'm the punchline.

I thought I'd feel something—anything—when I saw him in that courtroom, but all I felt was the same emptiness that's been gnawing at me since you left.

Even my anger feels hollow now. I couldn't even hold onto that. It just slipped through my fingers like everything else.

I keep thinking about all the things I didn't say, all the times I should have hugged you longer, listened more, told you how much you meant to me.

It's too late now. I missed my chance, and I can't forgive myself for that. Neither could you, right, Mom?

It's okay.

I understand why you looked at me like that in your last moment in the hospital.

I deserved it.

I know that now.

If only I had told you the truth… If only I hadn't tried to hide it, maybe we wouldn't have fought.

Maybe you wouldn't have hated me in the end. Maybe you'd still be here. But I didn't, and now it's too late.

It's my fault.

I can see that so clearly now, but what good does it do? The guilt is eating me alive, and I don't know how to live with it.

I'm sorry. I'm so, so sorry.

Everyone keeps saying it'll get better, that time heals. But I don't believe them. How could it? How could anything ever be okay again when you're gone?

The pain is so deep, so constant. It's like this heavy fog that I can't see through, can't breathe in. I'm so tired, but I'm afraid to sleep because that's when the dreams come—dreams where you're still here, where everything is okay.

And then I wake up, and it hits me all over again that you're gone. The reality is worse than any nightmare.

But I can't end it. Ending it would be the easy way out, and I don't deserve that. I think about it, sometimes—more than I want to admit—but I know it would be running away.

And I don't deserve that kind of peace.

Perhaps this is my punishment.

I don't know what to do. I don't know how to move forward when all I want is to go back, to have you here with me.

I miss you so much that sometimes I think my heart might actually break from it. But it doesn't. It just keeps hurting, day after day.

I don't know how to end this letter because I don't want to end it. Ending it feels like another goodbye, and I'm not ready for that. I'll never be ready for that.

I miss you. I miss you so much it's killing me.

I'm sorry. I'm sorry for everything.

Your disappointment,

Leo

*****

"Big brother, big sis, are you both ready for the academy?"

The question came from a young girl, no older than ten, with long blonde hair cascading down her back and bright blue eyes as clear as the sky.

"Yuna? Oh, yeah, we are. Honestly, I do feel a little nervous about the entrance exam, though." the boy responded, his own blonde hair and blue eyes mirroring Yuna's as he sat on the couch.

A soft chuckle came from beside him.

"You don't need to be nervous, Lumine. I doubt anyone would reject a Grade 3 Intermediate at the age of 16. You'll probably rank first, you know?"

Yelena Heart, his childhood friend, teased him with a smile.

Her obsidian black hair and emerald green eyes sparkled with mischief.

Lumine Versille smiled back at her, feeling a bit more reassured.

"I guess you're right."

Yelena returned his smile.

"Jeez... How are both of you not like Mom and Dad already..."

Yuna whispered to herself, her voice too quiet for them to hear.

"Oh, by the way, where are Mom and Dad, Yuna?"

Lumine asked, looking around.

Yuna pointed toward the kitchen.

"They're going all out since the two of you are leaving. They even invited Auntie and Uncle, big sis."

"Eh? Mom and Dad are coming too?"

Yelena asked, surprised.

Yuna nodded, and Yelena's expression softened.

'Looks like we're getting a full-on farewell party...'

Lumine's heart warmed at the thought.

The fact that his father was helping his mother instead of being buried in work brought a smile to his face.

Their father, a small guild master, was often overwhelmed with responsibilities.

Lumine knew that starting or joining a guild was always an option if he wanted to become independent in the future, rather than affiliating with one of the Four Great Clans or working for the government to become a hero.

But he also understood that even being in a guild, or leading one, didn't mean complete independence.

There were countless rules to follow, including the necessity of establishing a guild headquarters in one of the sacred capitals if the guild master was at least a master.

Approval from the Great Clan that ruled the sacred capital was required, and any significant mission needed their endorsement.

True independence for a hero was almost impossible.

"The internet has been going crazy for the past week with rumors about Azriel Crimson, the prince of the Great Crimson Clan."

A news reporter's voice on the TV drew their attention away from the conversation.

'Azriel Crimson...'

Lumine thought, recalling how the prince had disappeared for the past two years, leading many to believe he had either died or been exiled from the Crimson Clan.

"Reportedly, Prince Azriel Crimson suddenly appeared at the Christmas Banquet hosted by the Crimson Clan this year. He challenged the Nebula Prince, Caleus Nebula, and defeated him overwhelmingly. The former rank two of the first years... Prince Azriel also confirmed at the banquet that he will be attending the Hero Academy.

It is said that Prince Azriel spent the last two years surviving in the Void Realm, far beyond the conquered territories, defeating void creatures unimaginable to most, all on his own..."

The reporter's voice continued, the rumors swirling around Azriel seeming almost too incredible to believe.

"Those must be fake. Surviving the Void Realm alone is absurd, even for a prince. Besides, isn't Prince Caleus a Grade 2 Intermediate? He's even stronger than you, no?"

Yelena said, skepticism evident in her voice, while Yuna, too young to grasp the full meaning, simply listened quietly.

Lumine, however, shook his head.

"Defeating someone of a higher rank isn't impossible. It depends on skill. For example, if Prince Caleus is known for his overwhelming strength and flexibility... I don't know much about Prince Azriel, but if he's faster or has better physical strength than Prince Caleus, then it's possible to defeat someone from a higher grade."

'But that would mean Azriel Crimson is either as strong as me, or stronger than Prince Caleus, if the rumors are true.'

Lumine thought, a wry smile tugging at his lips.

'If the rumors are true, though... getting first place might not be as easy as I thought.'

The nervousness began to creep back in as he considered the quest assigned by the system.

He didn't want to disappoint anyone, and securing first place at the academy would help his father's guild significantly.

"We have an official picture of Azriel Crimson, looking out from a balcony..."

The reporter continued, but when the image flashed on the screen, it was blurry, making it impossible to see Azriel's face clearly.

"Woah..."

Yuna's eyes sparkled with excitement.

"He looks extremely handsome!"

"You can't even see him properly!"

Lumine retorted, exasperated, while Yelena stifled a laugh.

"Haa... seriously, you're too young."

Lumine sighed, his earlier nervousness about the academy now redirected toward his little sister.

Chapter 44: Hero Academy
The difference between CASC and EASC isn't significant, except that CASC is much larger and, of course, far more populated.

In fact, CASC is known as the most densely populated city in the entire world.

It houses the Hero Academy and the Void Dungeon, making it a sacred capital ruled by the Four Great Clans and the government.

Currently, Jasmine was seated in the backseat of a car with Azriel beside her, while the driver and a bodyguard occupied the front seats.

They were on their way to the Hero Academy for the entrance exam.

As children of the Crimson Clan, security around them was tight.

A black car escorted them in front and another trailed behind, though they had limited their security presence to avoid drawing unnecessary attention.

Unfortunately, no servants were allowed to enter the academy, meaning they would have to take care of themselves.

Nol, who was also joining them, chose to ride in the car behind them for some reason.

Leaving the Crimson mansion had been a struggle, with Jasmine having to pry her tearful mother away from Azriel.

Their father, though maintaining a stoic expression, couldn't fool Jasmine; she knew he was just as reluctant to let them go.

Glancing beside her, Jasmine noticed Azriel absentmindedly staring out the window, his face blank.

She sighed inwardly.

'Still the same, huh…'

Ever since Azriel returned from the void realm, much had changed.

Jasmine had begun to rebuild her relationship with their parents, a process made easier by Azriel's return, which seemed to heal the fractures in their family.

Yet, despite being the catalyst for this newfound closeness, Azriel himself had distanced himself from them.

It wasn't that he avoided them.

In fact, no matter how clingy their mother became, he never complained.

Instead, he smiled warmly, seeming to enjoy her attention.

'Mom must have noticed too. She's been watching him in her own way.'

Jasmine thought, a small smile tugging at her lips.

Jasmine tried to keep an eye on him as well, even attempting to rekindle their old sibling dynamic by playfully annoying him.

But no matter what she did, Azriel never got angry.

He maintained a gentle distance, never losing his temper with her or their parents.

Jasmine looked sadly at Azriel.

'It must have been extremely lonely…'

She didn't know what exactly had happened to him in the void realm.

A part of her was afraid to ask directly.

She had tried probing Nol for answers, subtly hinting at her curiosity, but he remained tight-lipped.

For some reason, Nol was fiercely loyal to Azriel, refusing to speak of their time in the void realm unless given permission.

His behavior was unnerving.

Jasmine was sure that if Azriel asked Nol to take his own life, he wouldn't hesitate.

The thought terrified her.

What had they gone through to forge such a bond?

But the most baffling thing to Jasmine was Azriel's behavior at the Christmas Banquet.

She couldn't understand why he did what he did.

Azriel had never been the proactive type, or at least she thought she was sure of that.

'The way he behaved, like some charming prince, taking control of the entire banquet.'

He was definitely planning something, but what it was remained a mystery.

The conversation Azriel had with the headmistress and Saint Solomon, under a sound barrier, was further proof.

'Whatever they were discussing seemed important.'

Asking their father for insight would be useless; he believed in letting his children take responsibility for their own actions, and wouldn't intervene unless absolutely necessary.

Even their mother was in the dark about Azriel's plans.

Suddenly Jasmine cringed as she recalled how Azriel almost got engaged to Celestina at the banquet.

'Yeah, no way he's capable of capturing a maiden's heart.'

Jasmine nodded to herself, convinced.

She sighed again as she looked at Azriel.

'Still… I hope you let go of whatever is holding you back…'

*****

When something important is on the horizon, and one has done their best to prepare for it, it's only natural to feel nervous.

With that nervousness comes doubt—lots of it.

Doubts that plagued Azriel's mind as he stared out the car window at the passing scenery:

'Did I do enough...?'

'I didn't overlook anything, did I?'

'Everything will work out, right?'

After the entrance exam today, classes would begin the day after tomorrow. The fact that they would start so soon underscored the efficiency of the academy's staff.

But it also meant...

Only a week remained before the first years would head to the void dungeon, leading to a potentially disastrous event.

Azriel knew he'd likely receive the quest for the void dungeon incident any moment.

Not that it mattered.

'I probably won't be able to complete it this time...'

He was certain of that.

It was frustrating to think he'd miss out on all the rewards, but...

It was necessary—for himself.

As the reality of the moment set in, another, darker thought seized Azriel's mind—the main architects of the tragedy that loomed ahead.

'Neo Genesis...'

To the public, they were the clear enemy, painted as a organization bent on annihilating humanity's future.

That was the narrative—simple and terrifyingly clear.

Yet Azriel knew better.

He knew the deeper, more complex truth behind their actions.

He knew his true goal.

It wasn't that he supported Neo Genesis's methods or their vision.

Far from it.

He understood their rationale, even if he couldn't condone it.

The path they were treading was morally wrong, but from their perspective, it was an agonizing necessity.

Azriel couldn't bring himself to blame them—or rather, him.

He understood their motives, his desperation.

But understanding didn't mean support.

Not because Azriel believed he was inherently right, no.

It wasn't about whether he thought he was right or wrong.

Both he and him knew exactly what awaited this world...

'I wonder what you're thinking about all this...'

"...."

"Ma'am, sir, we have arrived."

The driver's voice cut through Azriel's thoughts, pulling him and Jasmine back to the present.

Neither had noticed the car had stopped.

'Must have some unique skill to drive this smoothly.'

Stepping out of the car with Jasmine, he stretched his arms and took in the sight before him.

'The hero academy...'

The building's architecture was impressive yet understated, with elegant stone facades and arched windows.

A broad cobblestone path led to the entrance, where massive wooden doors stood invitingly ajar.

'...how normal.'

For once, there was nothing absurd or extravagant.

The hero academy looked... normal.

It was surprisingly similar to an extremely prestigious college he might have seen in his previous world, at least from the outside.

He couldn't ignore the modern buildings surrounding the academy, which made it seem slightly out of place.

'Must be the dorm buildings.'

"Are you ready?"

Jasmine asked, her voice calm as she waited for him, while both of them ignored the shocked glances and murmurs directed at them.

Azriel grinned.

"Of course."

It was finally time for the main story to begin—the story that Azriel had read through countless sleepless nights in his previous world.

The story about the path of heroes.

Chapter 45: Entrance Exam [1]
"I already feel dead..."

Azriel plopped down on the couch, a tired sigh escaping his lips.

As Nol closed the door, instead of sitting next to Azriel, he leaned against the large table in front of him.

"I could have just beheaded all of them, Master..."

Pretending not to hear what Nol said, Azriel closed his eyes.

After entering the academy gates, the bodyguards weren't allowed to follow, so they obviously had to return.

Jasmine had also parted ways with Azriel, as she was now the student council president and had various duties to attend to.

Fortunately, someone from the academy had been waiting for Nol and Azriel at the gate, leading them to the room they were currently in while they awaited their turn for the exam.

Although the academy claimed that everyone was treated equally, the children of the Four Great Clans inevitably received special treatment.

Azriel's status as a prince meant that certain privileges were afforded to him that others wouldn't normally get.

The same was true for the other children of the Great Clans.

He was lucky.

Walking through the corridors to this room had been exhausting, with all the burning gazes directed at him.

Even the person leading him and Nol had that same look but had to restrain themselves.

Azriel had too much on his mind, particularly the upcoming Void Dungeon incident, to focus much on his appearance or other trivial matters.

Still, he had to maintain some semblance of his princely demeanor, which was draining.

He was just glad no one had approached him... yet.

'I wonder if he's already here...'

If he went outside the room, he might run into the protagonist or another main character.

It would be a lie to say he wasn't curious about meeting them.

Who wouldn't be?

Seeing the characters he'd read about for so long, now alive, living and breathing in the same academy as him—it was only natural to feel intrigued.

Azriel opened his eyes and looked over at Nol, who was staring at him blankly.

"Is something the matter, Master?"

Azriel smiled wryly.

"How many times do I have to tell you to stop calling me 'Master'?"

"Eh? You know that's impossible. You are my Master, after all."

Nol shook his head dramatically, refusing to abandon the title.

"Haa... Seriously, you're too serious."

'Not that it's a bad thing to have someone as loyal as Nol by my side.'

"Nol."

Azriel said suddenly, his tone more serious.

Nol immediately stopped smiling and straightened his posture.

"Is something wrong, Master?"

"...How does it feel to live on Earth?"

Nol tilted his head slightly, seemingly deep in thought.

"Well... I haven't really seen much yet, except for Master's home, but..."

A wide smile appeared on his face.

"I love it. Especially the food on Earth! In White Haven, you'd never feel hungry, not needing food at all, but gods, was that a curse instead of a blessing!"

Azriel nodded, understanding Nol's enthusiasm.

'He's right... the food in this world is to die for.'

"I want to try all kinds of different dishes Earth has to offer!"

Nol's excitement was palpable, and he was already drooling at the thought.

Azriel found himself smiling unconsciously at Nol's behavior, but his smile faded as he spoke his next words.

"You know that following my plan might mean you never get to eat anything else. You might... die."

Nol stiffened at Azriel's words, his face turning serious as he looked Azriel directly in the eyes.

"Master... if it wasn't for you, I would never have come to know the divine blessing the gods have given us—something that could make me cry out of sheer pleasure: food."

His gaze was unwavering, filled with pure honesty and loyalty.

A small smile crept onto Nol's face.

"My life was given by you, and so it would only be right if I die for you."

Hearing such heartfelt words of loyalty and admiration directed toward him, Azriel could only... laugh.

'Ah... I really am lucky.'

"Besides, Master..."

Nol wasn't finished.

"My knowledge of this world might be akin to that of a child, but I can say for certain that I am not afraid to die... and I never will be."

Before Azriel could respond to Nol's statement, a knock came from the door, which opened with a creak.

"Prince Azriel, Sir Nol."

The same person who had led them to the room earlier was standing there.

He bowed slightly.

"The exam is about to begin. Please follow me."

Azriel stood up and began walking toward him, with Nol close behind.

The staff member, who wasn't wearing a student uniform, indicated that he was likely an instructor or had another role within the academy.

As the staff member turned and began walking ahead of them, Azriel spoke quietly, just loud enough for Nol to hear.

"Hey, Nol."

Nol kept walking but looked over at Azriel, who had a genuine smile on his face—a rare sight since their time together on Earth.

"Once all of this is over... let's go have a buffet together, shall we?"

Nol's face lit up with delight.

"I can't wait!"

*****

"Seems like we have a lot of lively children this year."

Instructor Salvator chuckled as he took the last seat at the end of the large white marble table, joining the others.

Three other instructors were already seated at the table.

To Salvator's left was Instructor Solomon, who sat with his eyes closed, a smirk playing on his lips as he leaned back in his chair, feet propped up on the table.

Next to Solomon, seated in the middle of the other instructors, was a strikingly beautiful woman with obsidian-black hair.

Her posture was upright, and her pink eyes were focused intently on the closed door leading to the hall where the students waited for their turn.

The aura around her was so intense that only Solomon dared to sit close to her without showing discomfort.

She was the headmistress of the academy—Freya Selene.

It wasn't that it was impossible to sit closer to her; it was just that the other instructors in the room preferred not to.

Each one of them held significant positions within the academy, but Freya's presence commanded a different level of respect.

"Ranni, give me the documents."

Freya suddenly spoke, her voice cutting through the room.

Instructor Ranni nodded and passed the documents to Freya.

"These should be all the students for this year who take priority."

Ranni added with a bored expression as Freya glanced over the papers.

There were only three names on the list.

"Azriel Crimson, Celestina Frost, and... oh?"

Freya's eyebrows rose slightly as she read the last name.

"Yes, it looks like his daughter is joining us as well this year."

Instructor Juliet chimed in with a small smile.

"Anastasia..."

Freya murmured, rolling the name on her tongue.

It would be a lie to say Freya wasn't intrigued by Anastasia.

Anyone would be if they knew who her father was.

'So, the daughter of Sylius Gale will be attending the academy as well, huh?'

Everyone in the room was aware of Anastasia connection to Sylius Gale.

In fact, they also knew that the so-called strongest saint was using a fake name.

Sylius Gale didn't truly exist; it was an alias, a disguise known only to a select few. Anastasia connection to her father was a well-guarded secret.

'To think we would have three priority students this year.'

It had already been a surprise to have two last year, Jasmine and Caleus, but this year...

'Time is finally about to move forward again.'

A small smile appeared on Freya's usually impassive face, causing the other instructors, except for Solomon, to look at her with wide-eyed surprise.

"We shall begin the exam, moving alphabetically, starting with the priority students."

Freya announced.

"Bring Azriel Crimson in."

The moment she spoke, Solomon's eyes snapped open, and his smirk widened.

"Finally!"

Chapter 46: Entrance Exam [2]
Not long after Freya ordered Azriel to be the first, the door opened, and he entered the room with Instructor Juliet by his side.

But they weren't alone.