Analysis comparing Eungwang School and Military Academy’s pros and cons?

If Jang Namuk’s eyes showed even a bit of hesitation, I would say something.

“Okay, got it.”

But the current Jang Namuk had no need for such information.

“If anything happens, contact me at any time. Even if I can’t do anything, I’ll at least listen.”

Jang Namuk didn’t tell us because he wanted us to stop him, or to tell him something he didn’t know.

He told us because he wished for a ‘friend’ to listen to his story.

“Like an uncle.”

“Uncle?”

My extremely serious attitude was roasted right away by the two middle schoolers.

Soon, I and Yu Sang-hun continued our incoherent chatter.

Jang Namuk at some point also started to nag, roasting the content of no particular meaning, with a relaxed face.

* * *

Winter day was short.

We, who ate a bit of an early dinner at Yu Sang-hun’s home, decided to part before the sun set.

Yu Sang-hun’s family was regretful, saying we can sleep over.

But Jang Namuk’s parents-nim came personally to Yu Sang-hun’s house to pick him up, and I also declined.

There were three categories of transportation I could get home.

Subway, ground bus and automatic air bus.

Because the automatic air bus was expensive, and there was no air bus station in the neighborhood I lived in, I decided to use ground bus.

When I waited at the bus with Yu Sang-hun, who went to see me off all the way to the bus station.

“It seems that Jang Namuk didn’t notice, but it bothers me.”

“What?”

There was nothing on the road.

The only sound heard was the sound of the passing cars from the roadside.

“It was strange that you threw the item at Son Mingi at that time. It would be better to throw it at the barrier to increase the status effects.”

It was the first time Yu Sang-hun spoke so long.

Even when he was stabbed in the back and on the brink of death, he didn’t speak this much.

I guess he doubted it for a long time.

“Did you thought about it before?”

I didn’t answer.

From the moment the Power of Fate activated, I presumed the worst case scenario and thought about the next move.

‘Anyone, who was a gamer who played this game until the last chapter, would assume such a thing and move.’

I left a few ways out for him.

If he abandoned the idea of using Yu Sang-hun as bait, or didn’t snatch the ball with the media play.

If he sincerely apologized to Yu Sang-hun even once, it wouldn’t go this far.

But Son Mingi only played the worst moves.

“I got the bounty. I’ll buy a meal next time.”

Yu Sang-hun stared at me who openly changed the subject.

Yu Sang-hun gave up on hearing the answer.

“I got the settlement money. I’ll buy. Let’s invite Jang Namuk too.”

Thinking about it, the settlement money was much larger than the bounty.

I felt a sense of defeat.

But the settlement money was divided between me and Jang Namuk, as much as it raised on the condition of us keeping our mouths shut.

We projected the holograms to decide where we would go beforehand and started to search around.

The search engine AI recommended two places.

Winter special buffet of the Snow and Air Hotel with a view of the Han River.

Limited dinner course in commemoration of the famous French pâtisserie Player’s visit to Korea.

Both looked good.

When I was seriously contemplating whether it should be a hotel buffet or course cooking….

“Thanks, Jo Uisin.”

Yu Sang-hun abruptly thanked me.

I pretended I couldn’t hear those thanks.

* * *

And after a few days, February 1st.

I, Unknown Supernova, Jo Uisin, turned 17 and became an official Player.

The moment the second hand of the analog clock pointed at 0.

I heard the system notification.

⟨Gwangrim’s usage became possible. ⟩

*~*~*

[1] Son Meatjig — In raws ‘Son Bait’, they make a word play with his name, as bait is ‘미끼 (mikki)m very similar to ‘민기 (mingi)’.

[2] ㅋㅋㅋ — ‘kekeke’ laughter

[3] one loss — a slang for when a person states something and that statement turns out to be untrue.

[4] Devil species — ‘악마 (akma)’ referring to various evil creatures in different beliefs, but most often to those in Abrahamic religions.

[5] If you plant soy, you get soy, and if you plant beans you get beans — a Korean saying that means you get what you deserve.

[6] hogu — a pushover.

[7] apple — ‘사과 (sakwa)’ also means apology.

[8] turning 17 — This novel was written using Korean Age, so everyone turn year older on 1st January. In the national age, it would be turning 16 here.

[9] fighting game — literally ‘great battle’ game.

Translator’s note: WHOOO! I got through it! Ah… my fear of this chapter was so deep it took me a month to get through the comments (and then things turned hectic, and I couldn’t work on it for like two-three months, and when I sit up to do it, the rest was finished in less than a day. Fear the comments).

4. Player’s trajectory (1)

Korean players are allowed to use ‘Gwangrim’ at the age of 17.

But after the Clash of different worlds, even after dozens of years passed, the legal age for players’ abilities wasn’t determined.

The Gwangrim was something which disregarded law physics, standard ideas and common knowledge, something which is difficult to bear with a young mind and body.

Minors’ Gwangrims caused many big and small incidents.

The need for the law regulations regarding the Gwangrim were raised, but legislators remained at the defensive about players’ laws.

Then, around 30 years ago.

Now the abolished Seogu Elementary School in Gangwon province.

In that place, three classes were swept away in an elementary school student’s Gwangrim runaway.

Boiling public poured out rebukes at the government and the National Assembly, which didn’t take countermeasures for the Gwangrim.

As a result, the Gwangrim teenager restriction law was established.

Nicknamed ‘Seogu Elementary law’.

This law completely banned the use of Gwangrims for players under 17 years of age.

It enacted that the players under the age of 17 had to have their abilities sealed immediately after their manifestation, with a seal engraved on the body, by the ‘sealing technique’ developed by the Player’s Association.

And now.

January 1st.

This world me turned 17, and the usage of Gwangrim became possible.

‘The seal disappeared.’

The red spot the size of the thumbnail, which was engraved on my left wrist, disappeared the moment January 1st came.

The second the seal vanished, I realized straight away what kind of Gwangrim it was.

[The light of a miracle descends on the body.]

‘It’s the same as Baek Ho-gun described it in the game…!’

I instinctively knew what kind of Gwangrim it was.

I also understood how to use it straight away.

⟨Activate the Gwangrim ‘Player’s Trajectory[1]’⟩

Using the Gwangrim, hundreds of various lights shined and thousands of cards flew out of my body.

The instant I looked at the cards, I doubted my eyes.

‘My playable characters…!’

The cards with playable characters, which I had been raising for 10 years in the game.

The scene when you select the character during a story or a quest.

Characters’ cards from that scene now glistened before my eyes.

The title hero and heroine who represented the game.

The supporting characters who were more popular than the main ones.

The extras who appeared one or two times in the story and then died.

And Baek Ho-gun who I operated until the final moment.

I looked through the cards, and then checked the menu’s Gwangrim description.

⟨Reading a description of the Gwangrim ‘Player’s Trajectory’⟩

[Player’s Trajectory]

The future and its progress recorded in the form of a game in a different dimension. Reenact dream’s records.

As stated in the Gwangrim’s description, it wasn’t simply the characters’ fully grown final versions only.

For a single character, that character’s development moments and process were recorded by cards.

Baek Ho-gun’s character card alone had dozens of those kinds of cards.

And…

‘Yu Sang-hui’s card…’

It was a figure who abandoned all her future hopes to make a contract with the Goddess of Revenge, and to become a demonic beast slayer.

‘The records of all my playthroughs remain here.’

It’s the future where Yu Sang-hui becomes an avenger.

But in this world, here in the cards was the only remaining record of Yu Sang-hui, the ‘Final contra-demon beast weapon’.

One after another.

Several emotions started to rise every time my gaze moved to the next character’s card.

‘This card is from the time when I graduated from highschool, that one over there from when I was in the army, and this one is from when I prepared to get a job…’

I played for over 10 years.

The playable characters who were with me in all happy and hard moments.

While observing them grow, I was also often consoled and regained strength to move forward.

My every playthrough, my trace.

They turned into cards and twinkled like stars before my eyes.

I stood still for a long time as I watched those cards.

In the ending of this game, every playable character dies.

Naturally, all characters in those cards were dead people.

‘But I raised even dead characters to their potential’s limits until the end.’

Even when a character died hallway through, I foolishly held on to them and used to raise them through the free battles and quests.

Because I expected the obvious development of ‘The character you thought was dead, was actually alive’.

Though the characters which died in the story couldn’t be used in the story mode, you could foster them on your own.

As a PMH’s addict, I didn’t abandon any character and developed them all.

‘Let’s see the happy ending this time.’

The characters’ cards shimmered, as if responding to my determination.

‘Then let’s try it!’

The first card I chose was of course my main character, Baek Ho-gun.

From among Baek Ho-gun’s cards, the one I summoned was the final version, which had the restriction of the ‘Heavenly God’s Wrath’ lifted.

But before I used the card.

The text at the bottom caught my eye.

[Available time: 3 seconds]

“What do you want me to do in 3 seconds?!”

Available time for using the overpowered cards was short.

***

January 1st, 0:19

I left my home.

The cold wind was blowing hard, slashing at my body.

‘I’m going to freeze to death.’

Considering the activity, I dressed a bit thin, but I felt the cold dig in as I walked.

I wanted to return home immediately again, but I had work to do today.

I promised myself many times to do it the instant I receive a useful Gwangrim.

‘I considered borrowing Hwang-ho or Hong Gyubin’s power if needed. It would be annoying, so it’s fortunate.’

Player’s trajectory was an outstanding card[2] and an outstanding piece.

In this case, now was the time to use that piece and make the next move.

‘It’s like voluntarily jumping into hell.’

I still got shivers when I recalled the moment when I faced the Enemy.

It was completely different from touching it through a smartphone’s screen.

‘Can I, the gaming addict, do well behind that screen?’

Haa—

As I sighed into the air[3], it turned into a misty vapor in the night sky and blurred my vision.

Ding.

Alarm rang from my wearable device.

It was a message sound from the chatroom with the three of us – Jang Namuk, Yu Sang-hun and me.

While I was calling Gwangrim, I couldn’t check the messages, so they piled up.

[Jang Namuk] Uisin, Sang-hun. Happy new year. I’m going to a different school, but let’s talk often and meet to play. Do your best this year.

[Yu Sang-hun] HNY. k

[Jang Namuk] Sang-hun, if the letter input is annoying, you can use the voice input. If not, just use stamps.

[Yu Sang-hun] k

[Jang Namuk] …Fine. I get it. Today is cold, so be careful not to catch a cold.

[Yu Sang-hun] k

I halted in my steps and blankly stared at the message window.

Then my finger moved and typed in a message.

[Me] HNY. k

I sent a message and couldn’t help but giggle.

It was refreshing to see Jang Namuk launching his nagging again after reading my message, and Yu Sang-hun reacting with ‘haha’.

I did nothing but watch the conversation log, but the air suddenly seemed warmer.

I turned all the device’s notifications and GPS off and started to run.

⟨Using Gwangrim ‘Player’s Trajectory’.⟩

I selected the card of the character who became Eungwang School’s third-grade student this year and belongs to the leadership club, ‘The Flash in the Darkness’ Oh Hyeji [4].

⟨Using the active character’s Gwangrim ‘Wei Tuo Tian Under the Moon’.⟩

‘Wei Tuo Tian Under the Moon’ was the Gwangrim, which rapidly increased movement speed and jumping ability during the night, especially if the moon was visible.

In the game, it was a shitty Gwangrim. Compared to other characters, it was truly ‘balance breaking’.

But in the moments when only movement abilities were concerned, ‘Wei Tuo Tian Under the Moon’ boosted tremendous efficiency.

‘I have to use efficient character cards to save time and power.’

Just in time, the supermoon appeared.

In an instant, my body melted with the night sky.

***

The new year’s celebration was taking place at one of the Yoeui Island’s[5] convention centers.

With the addition of the light of the night sky and the Han River in the background, the cubic shape of the building sprouted out.

The inside hall had around 500 pyeong[6].

Around 1000 people participated in the party with over a 100 people in security personnel.

I looked around the convention center perimeter.

The guards positioned here and there, moved in groups of 3 and reported their location, and what they saw every 10 minutes through the earrings.

‘The defense is solid. The infiltration would be difficult.’

I had the character which was useful in infiltrations, but the fuel-power efficiency was too bad.

I doubted I would have enough energy to escape if I used that character’s card.

‘So I prepared another move.’

I walked straight to the main gates.

“Good evening. Excuse me, may I see your invitation card?”

I stopped.

Though I was wearing a tuxedo, I still looked obviously like a highschool kid.

Even so, the bodyguards remained respectful and stopped me politely.

‘Seems like sons and daughters of high-ranking people come here often.’

I put on the expression of ‘I don’t know what you’re talking about’, raised my chin and shamelessly asked:

“Invitation card?”

“Yes, today’s entrance is limited…”

“One moment!”

The other bodyguard standing at the side cut him off as if he recognized this face.

“This student. He’s a very famous person….!”

He was ready to ask for an autograph straight away.

“That is the esteemed son of the famous ‘Red flame king’ Yeom Bangyeol-nim, ‘Little Red Dragon’ Yeom Junyeol-nim!”

I grinned at the bodyguard who recognized me.

Currently, I had the face of one of the playable characters, the Little Red Dragon Yeom Junyeol.

The Red Lion was an otherworld conquering team which ranked in the top five.

That Red Lion team’s master was Red flame king Yeom Bangyeol, and he had one son, Yeom Junyeol.

Becoming a 2nd grader in Eungwang School this year, Yeom Junyeol was the possessor of a prince-like appearance and a brilliant Gwangrim.

With his father’s halo, as soon as he started conquering the otherworld, he rose to the status of the star player in the instant.

‘Player’s Trajectory’ perfectly replicated that Yeom Junyeol’s appearance.

‘Yeom Junyeol really hated ‘Little’ in the ‘Little Red Dragon’ nickname given by PlayerSAT-K.

The word ‘little’ was Yeom Junyeol’s angry button.

Calling him ‘Little Red Dragon’ in front of him was like calling him to a fight.

I had to be annoyed here.

I mimicked Yeom Junyeol’s harsh expression I saw in the game.

“Little Red Dragon?”

“…Ah! I-I’m very sorry. Red Dragon-nim! You look much more mature than when I saw you on TV!”

That was obvious.

Yeom Junyeol was 18 this year.

And my current look I chose with the Gwangrim was 19 years old.

Strictly speaking, it was the result of continuing to develop characters after they died. That included Yeom Junyeol, who died at the age of 19 in the story.

I maintained my shameless behavior.

“You need to check the invitation, even after seeing my face?”

The bodyguard was taken aback by the quiet threat.

“M-My apologies, Red Dragon-nim! Could we check the Player ID card? Or student ID… There are many people who disguise themselves as famous players.”

⟨Using the active character’s Gwangrim ‘Summoning of Red Dragon’.⟩

Without saying anything, I stretched my hand in the air and summoned the embodiment of Yeom Junyeol’s power, the Red Dragon.

Pat!

The dragon’s head was visible through the crack in space opened above my fingertips.

There were similar Gwangrims, but there were no perfectly identical Gwangrims, and copying it was impossible.

So now, the Red Dragon’s existence would prove that I’m Yeom Junyeol.

“Are you saying there is someone who can imitate this…?”

“My apologies!”

The bodyguard had one hand pressed against the earring, as he was reporting.

“…Yes, the main gate. Red Dragon Yeom Junyeol-nim is visiting, so… Ah, he came alone… Yes, yes…”

The unexpected visit of Little Red Dragon Yeom Junyeol must be suspicious.

However, Yeom Junyeol was also the gate for much too coveted connections.

It will be hard to refuse.

‘It may be a once in a lifetime chance to grab connections you want.’

If Yeom Junyeol was alone, it was possible to even subdue him in the worst case.

On the contrary, they should consider using him as a hostage.

And the fact he came here and participated in ‘this event’ will become Yeom Junyeol’s weakness. They will even think about exploiting it.

I was certain the host would let Yeom Junyeol enter.

“I’m sorry, please come in.”

As expected, they cleared the way.

***

The party manager personally guided me through the venue. Maybe he wanted to borrow Little Red Dragon Yeom Junyeol’s name.

The banquet hall we had arrived at, after passing through a hallway covered with carpets, was a multilayered structure.

Participants wearing dresses and tuxedos were spread among the layers.

My eyes hurt because of the brightly burning chandelier light and golden velvety curtains blocking the windows.

‘Was the dress-code Vegas Gold…?’

The dresses, hair accessories, sleeves’ cuffs and handkerchiefs everywhere were in the color of Vegas Gold.

‘They had to diligently spend money like crazy.’

There were S-rank and A-rank celebrities who rented air hotels, which were a few times more expensive than a convention hall on the ground and welcomed the new year in the sky.

However, anyone could tell that people counting to the new year here were also the creme de la creme of society.

The host was also the owner of this convention hall.

“At this party, all internet and communication devices, other than the ones used by the security personnel, are prohibited. We ask for your understanding.”

The party manager mentioned a few precautions besides that and then pushed a coin from a golden foil box into my hand.

“Please enjoy your time.”

The party manager bowed his head and disappeared after saying goodbyes.

I looked down at the silver coin.

⟨Reading the item’s data.⟩

[Item name] Pure silver coin replica of the oath of silence

[Type] Consumable

[Rarity] SR+++

[Effect] Used for the oath of silence.

[Description]

A replica of the silver coin used by Sillentium, the demon king of silence and bystanders.

The front is engraved with Sillentium’s seal and the back with a crow.

Usage of this item creates an oath of silence, which makes disclosing relevant information impossible by any means of communication.

The oath of silence’s effect can be destroyed if a SSR rank curse breaking item is used or a tongue is permanently cut off.

It was produced thanks to Ungnyeo of Grief, one of the Eight True Bear Immortals[7] of the Ung tribe.

As expected, the Ung I was searching for, Ungnyeo of Grief of Eight Immortals, was involved in this party.

‘It would be a bit troublesome if I couldn’t find her here.’

However, I had more urgent matters for now.

Let’s think about the matter concerning Ungyeo of Grief next time.

I quietly slipped out of the party venue and headed towards my target.

*~*~*

[1] Player’s Trajectory — or trace — or dictionary definition which says: ‘The track left behind by an object moving or the process that has been performed in order to achieve a certain task’.

[2] Card – could also be a trick or a hand…

[3] Sighed into the air – or sighed into the sky…

[4] Oh Hyeji – it’s oh because English has no tolerance for one letter surnames, but if you were to follow the official romanization, it would be ‘O Hyeji’.

[5] Yoeui Island – The island on the Han River, known for being Seoul’s main finance district. Think something like Wall Street of Korea, only they also have cool stuff…like parks…and…Well, the National Assembly is probably also there….

[6] 500 pyeong – around 1650m^2… No, wait. What is this ridiculous number.

[7] Eight True Bear Immortals – as it sounds very funny, I’ll just short it to Ung’s Eight Immortals or something like that. Please remember that True = Jin and Ung = Bear.

Translator’s note: I’m always wondering where Jo Uisin got a tuxedo perfectly fitting Yeom Junyeol at this hour. I’m suspecting him of having a collection of clothes for all playable characters, before even receiving the Gwangrim. I am also sure if you ask him about their shoe size, he would answer straight away.

4. Player’s trajectory (2)

Everywhere there are people who aren’t satisfied with their position even if they belong to the privileged class, which anyone envies.

If you insist on classifying them, there were many such people, even in that privileged class, who belonged to B and C social ranks.

They harbored a big and narrow-minded anger and feelings of inferiority.

The easiest way to relieve it was to harass the weak.

For that, the main event of this party was prepared. The ‘Fantasy Auction’.

‘I drew a conquest map myself when playing the game. I should roughly remember the secret route.’

I managed to find the secret passage, because I traced and followed my memory.

Shortly after, I arrived at the backstage of the banquet hall and the place of my target.

In the backstage, various item cards were packed into golden boxes, each waiting to come up on stage.

‘The item quality isn’t bad.’

Though I didn’t see SR items, there were SR— ranks and R+++ ranks.

They belonged to a sufficiently rare group.

It seemed that even the items which were impossible to cardify were set for sale at the Fantasy Auction, because I saw some big boxes.

If you calculated, the price of all of it amounted to tens or hundreds of millions of won.

However, the most noticeable among all of this was a huge golden-plated birdcage.

‘A bad taste…’

The party dress code was the Vegas Gold.

A boy, wearing a feather robe[1] made of golden thread in that color, was locked up in that cage.

That boy was a playable character, Sawol Seeum.

⟨Reading character data of ‘Sawol Seeum’.⟩

[Name] Sawol Seeum

[Titles] Successor of the Last Dynasty’s King’s messenger

[Blessing] None

[Gwangrim] (inactive)

[Status] Under the sale-sealing technique — skills are sealed and all levels are changed to 1

[Overall statistics] Lv. 1

[Skills]

Messenger Lv. 1

Flight Lv. 1

Wind Art[2] Lv.1

[Description]

The successor of the King’s messenger.

The king of the last dynasty said: “You say that everyone’s status is fixed from birth, but in the eyes of this one, you all are the same subjects.”

The king freed 66 thousand of public slaves[3]. The king’s messenger, who had no surname, name or status, was also liberated.

That messenger was born in the 4th month, so he was bestowed the surname ‘Sawol’ (April).

The Sawol family, who had no surname, name or status, undertook the duty of passing the ‘words of the king that cannot remain in history’ in the shadows.

After the Clash of worlds, the abilities of an ancient messenger, which were considered only a legend, were reproduced with supernatural powers in the Sawol family.

The ancient skills which the Sawol’s founder was depicted to possess were ‘messenger’, ‘flight’ and ‘wind art’.

Sawol Seeum was the only one in the Sawol family who possessed all those three skills.

That Sawol Seeum was now locked up in the huge birdcage with his eyes covered and hands shackled.

As if sensing a presence, he held his breath, then he hesitantly asked.

“Who are you…?”

Sawol Seeum was a valuable commodity.

They wouldn’t starve him or use violence to prevent a decrease in value.

But even so, Sawol Seeum’s lips were dry, and his cheeks were sunken.

He was so terribly weakened, he more resembled an elementary student.

“How long have you been here?”

“A week….A month…?”

It seemed he lost track of time.

‘In the game Sawol Seeum was abducted after the Eungwang School’s practical exam.’

The police were informed, but at the time, one teacher and four middle schoolers died at the exam’s grounds. Because of that, the Sawol Seeum case didn’t receive particular attention.

This time, because of the spread of the Son Meatjig affair, it was completely buried again.

‘Even the Sawol family were in a situation where they couldn’t actively search for Sawol Seeum. It couldn’t be helped.’

The king’s messenger family lived an enclosed life for a long time.

After 100 years of deliberations, they decided to come out of the shadows.

The first step was Sawol Seeum’s entrance to the Eungwang School.

‘The Sawol family didn’t want to show Sawol Seeum to the world until he became an adult.’

It seemed that after finishing qualification exams for elementary and middle school curriculum, Sawol Seeum wanted to go to the Eungwang School.

With his iron will, the Sawol family permitted him to take the Eungwang School’s entrance exam.

‘But because the descendant of the king’s relative found out about it…’

The teacher in charge of documents screening was a descendant of a maternal relative.

That teacher instantly recognized Sawol Seeum’s background when he saw his surname.

He laid the trap to abduct Sawol Seeum, and then he sold him on the Fantasy Auction.

‘In the story, Sawol Seeum was rescued only 2 years later.’

It’s when the main character party infiltrates the Fantasy Auction to retrieve stolen cultural assets.

The first product to come out was Sawol Seeum who was sold two years ago.

‘This is a messenger bird.’ said Sawol Seeum’s owner while bursting into laughter and taking off a curtain from the cage.

And the main character’s party saw…

Sawol Seeum with a ‘Flying beast Grypagona[4]’ wings forcibly attached to his tattered back.

I didn’t want to see such a future.

“I came to save you. Let’s escape.”

“That, that… Uncle Semin was caught…”

If it’s Sawol Seeum’s uncle Sawol Semin…

He disappeared when searching for Sawol Seeum everywhere. After they found him, he already became an ‘Necromancer’s puppet[5]’ Enemy.

Was he already captured at this point?

“They will use him as a sacrifice at today’s Fantasy Auction opening show and…”

Sawol Seeum finally sobbed.

He buried his mouth into the shoulder and suppressed the sound as if he knew it would be difficult if someone came. The blindfold turned wet.

“I’m going to release your shackles. Keep pretending you’re tied up. I’m also gonna rescue your uncle.”

Sawol Semin created a variable, but it wouldn’t be a big problem.

“Th–Th…Thank you…I’m okay, so uncle Semin, please…”

“Okay. You will lose strength if you cry. Hold it.”

I was worried about leaving Sawol Seeum, who looked as if he was about to faint at any moment, but there was no other choice.

***

It felt like my head would be split by the headache because of all the status windows I kept checking a moment ago.

I tried to identify all party participants for dozens of seconds, but finally gave up.

‘It’s okay, I found the character I wanted.’

I calmly exchanged greetings with people at the party.

There was no need to actively say hello.

Everyone was talking to me by just approaching them thanks to Yeom Junyeol’s face.

Yeom Junyeol was Red Lion’s team master Yeom Bangyeol’s only son and a star player himself.

For B and C rank people, it was a coveted connection.

“Hello. This is my first time. Did everyone receive a coin? It is also the first time I see this item.”

“Of course. It’s a SR+++ item specially given by the Jin people-nim.”

They squeezed the coins until their hands were sweating, and they proudly showed them off to me when mentioned in conversation.

For most people, there won’t be a day when they see and hold an item of SR+++ rarity in their entire lifetimes.

‘It’s a consumable that will disappear soon, so they probably want to feel this sensation even a little bit longer.’

A few people kept an eye on me and didn’t approach, but the matters concerning the coin were the same.

It was obvious they held a coin in their hands even without a handshake.

Only after doing a full circle around the party venue I could barely relax.

After saying I was tired and wanted to rest for a moment, I left the crowd and walked towards the window.

‘What a shitty thing.’

The golden velvet curtain reflecting the light of the chandelier hurt my eyes.

I had the urge to pour the non-alcoholic champagne I was holding on it.

When I was frowning, someone spoke up to me.

“Hello, senior Yeom Junyeol. I’m Lee Lena[6], who will enter Eungwang School this year.”

“Hi.”

Lee Lena, who was wearing only a ribbon in the Vegas Gold color, politely bowed her head in greeting.

The ribbon tying her tidy hair went very well with her sequin cocktail dress.

‘Lee Lena is also a playable character. She appears the next year as a villain and then finally is coaxed by the main hero, so this way…’

I wanted to open the status window with the menu skill, but my head was pounding. I stopped.

I still had to fully use my skills and Gwangrim today.

I wasn’t confident in consuming any more mental power.

‘Lee Lena doesn’t pose a high risk yet, so let’s first wait and see.’

If I fail in the rescue of Sawol Seeum and Sawol Semin because of exhaustion and get caught here, it’s truly the end.

“Um, I saw senior Yeom Junyeol-nim on TV before.”

“I see.”

“If it’s someone like senior Yeom Junyeol-nim…They wouldn’t come to this place.”

“This place?”

Lee Lena opened and closed her mouth at my probing.

She blinked her unusually round eyes and covered her mouth.

It was an effect of a silence oath, making sharing the information on a particular subject impossible in any form.

‘Did she already make a vow? The auction hasn’t started yet.’

Lee Lena gave up trying to say something and put a hand on her chest.

I noticed the ‘Pure silver coin replica of the oath of silence’ between her fingers.

‘She already made a vow, but still has a coin. That means…’

The oath of silence’s pure silver coin was a consumable.

The moment you make a vow, you’re restricted while the coin disappears.

Even so, right now Lee Lena was restricted while holding ‘Silence oath’.

‘Did Lee Lena’s parents bring only a 16 year old child to this place?[7]’

Lee Lena was the same age as this world Jo Uisin.

If she came here last year, it meant she was dragged here at the age of 16.

No, it’s possible she was dragged here even earlier.

“I wanted to say that if your face is known here, it’ll be helpful in the future…”

Lee Lena was getting restless.

I couldn’t know Lee Lena’s situation or thoughts, but I could sense she was trying to warn me with all her might.

“It’s getting very late. Isn’t it time to go home? Won’t senior-nim parents worry, if he doesn’t come back like this?”

“Yes. They will be worried.”

“Yeah. The ‘Red Lion’ team’s master is crazy about his son…ah, no. He loves his only son-nim very much.”

I knew that.

Because when Yeom Junyeol died at the age of 19…

The Red Flame King Yeom Bangyeol led the Red Lion, allied teams and the Yong[8] Tribe, which loved Yeom Junyeol, to raid the National Assembly with a wish to turn the entire Yeoui Island into a sea of flames.

‘It’s too much to compare.’

Someone who throws away everything they built for the soul of their dead child. That type of person was Yeom Bangyeol.

However, in this world also existed bastards like Lee Lena’s parents who threw their young daughter into hell for their selfish desires.

“You don’t need to worry about me.”

“Yes?”

I wished she would worry more about herself than Yeom Junyeol.

“After the semester starts, apply to the Eungwang School’s dormitory.”

It would be better if Lee Lena enters the dormitory and puts even a little bit of distance between herself and her parents.

“Throw away that coin when the host comes up on stage. I’ll be going now.”

Like Lee Lena did for me, I also gave her my best advice.

I left her hesitating and with surprised eyes and turned to mix with the party again.

***

“Ladies, gentlemen, everyone. Attention, please! This dream party’s host and organizer Byeon Sunhoe announces 2 am. What all of you were waiting for, the first new year’s wish, the first dream! The Fantasy Auction starts now!”

The words in exaggerated tone resounded in the hall.

Soon, all the lights in the banquet hall went out and the dry ice fog spread on the stage.

“Woow!

“Oooo!”

And people cheered with the spotlights lighting up one after another on the stage.

Golden spotlight illuminated the glint covered acrylic cases holding item cards one after another.

‘Sawol Seeum…’

The last item to light up was a birdcage in the center of the stage, imprisoning Sawol Seeum.

Sawol Seeum’s eyes, after a blindfold was taken away, were bright red as if holding back bloody tears.

“Haha, did you hear? They say it’s the last dynasty’s relic. Extremely rare.”

“Oh dear, what a dirty thing. I want to take it home and strictly educate it on how to behave.”

“I want to ask for a garden from a Jin I know to send him there and see how many days he’ll survive.”

Sawol Seeum’s face turned pale at participants’ whispers.

He firmly pressed his lips and looked around.

He probably was searching for me.

But he was wearing the blindfold before, so he couldn’t identify me.

“There is one more thing to see before the Fantasy Auction starts.”

Clap.

Byeon Sunhoe lightly clapped once.

“Let me introduce the fearless moth, which plays with fire, aiming for the captured bird and a dirty rat bastard who swindles the moth!”

Seems like it wasn’t only Sawol Semin who was caught.

Come to think about it, how did Sawol Semin, who had nearly no external connections, come to know about this place?

‘Someone at this party, or to be precise, someone related to its organizer, informed Sawol Semin.’

The security guards dragged a battered man and woman and threw them at the center of the stage.

The man’s face (I was guessing he was Sawol Semin) was covered in blood. He was unconscious.

The woman, wearing the same design uniform as security guards, also had injuries over her entire body, but she was still conscious.

She glared at Byeon Sunhoe with murderous intent.

“There, how are you? Even now, if you swear an oath with that silver coin and return to us…”

“Bullshit.”

The woman resolutely cut Byeon Sunhoe’s words.

It seemed she was beaten up before she was dragged here, as the black earring she was wearing was smashed and her face was covered in bloodstains.

She didn’t back down even a little as she roared.

“If I knew it was such dog-shit work, I would rather live on the streets. You bastards are worse animals than even Enemies!”

“What!”

“Ha.”

“How rude!”

“It’s like this when rat bastards aren’t home educated.”

Puk!

Byeon Sunhoe kicked the female guard in the stomach.

She couldn’t even breathe easily because of the pain, yet she didn’t let out even one scream.

Sawol Seeum couldn’t bear it and started to cry profusely.

“Let’s leave the decision about the traitor’s final moments to everybody. The first sale on today’s Fantasy Auction will be this rat.”

Byeon Sunhoe raised a hand with a silver coin.

“Here, did everyone receive their silence oath’s silver coins? Please swear from that moment onwards to remain a silent bystander. Only a person who makes a vow can participate in the Fantasy Auction!”

Many participants grasped their silver coins with glossy eyes.

I cut off Byeon Sunhoe’s words without raising a hand.

“I have a question.”

“Yes? Gu….Ah no, Red Dragon Yeom Junyeol-nim. Please speak how much you want!”

He seemed embarrassed because I broke his flow at a decisive moment, but he lacked the ability to speak harshly against Yeom Junyeol.

I spoke with the most Yeom Junyeol-like tone.

“Did you know that silver’s heat conductivity is higher than copper’s?”

“Yes…?”

⟨Activating the active character’s skill ‘Remote Ignition’.⟩

The moment when everyone was struck by my dumb words.

I ignited about a hundred hidden embers I planted on the silver coins all at once.

*~*~*

[1] Feather robe – It’s a robe which is shaped to resemble wings. Princess Kaguya-hime (popularly known as just Kaguya) wore it when she left the earth to the moon.

[2] Wind Art – art as a technique or talent.

[3] Public slaves – Gongnobi – they were slaves managed by the government. Specifics depend on the era, but as you can imagine, being an ‘eternal slave for the government’ is never pretty.

[4] Grypagona – Listen, this name is probably a ‘griffin’ but with guna attached, and then some sound changes happened, and then this translator went probably crazy, and now we have Grypagona. It’s a nice name. You can use it in your rpg campaigns.

* Additional note: Remember when in chapter 4 Jo Uisin explained that every Enemy has category and species? So every time when an Enemy is mentioned in this book, it goes like that “category-something species-something Enemy-name”. So in this case it was ‘Flying[category] beast[species] Grypagona’. You can think about pokemon or yugioh cards and their type system. It wouldn’t be exactly wrong, because ‘rarity ranks’ are based on this type of card games.

[5] Following the previous note. The category was ‘puppet’ or ‘something to be manipulated’ and species was ‘spirit raised by the powers of the necromancer’ (though that one is a bit confusing in its exact meaning. It could also be just a sorrowful ghost?)

[6] Lee Lena – continuing treating English one letter surnames intolerance. Her name in official revised romanization would be: I Lena.

[7] Lee Lena’s parents – usually when you talk about yours or someone’s parents in Korean, you say parents-nim, but here Jo Uisin didn’t use the honorific. It was just ‘parents’.

[8] Yong Tribe – ‘Yong’ from the dragon.

Translator’s note: ‘Did you know that silver’s heat conductivity is higher than copper’s?’ is my pick up line, but as we see here, it also can be used as a deadly tactic of warfare.

4. Player’s Trajectory (3)

Yeom Junyeol’s basic battle skill was the Fire technique.

‘Remote Ignition’ was a skill derived from a Fire technique by analyzing it and developing it by Yeom Junyeol himself.

The ‘Remote Ignition’ was literally that. It allowed him to make hidden embers with supernatural power and remotely ignite them.

It was the most optimal skill to burn the hands of the bastards who were so bewitched their eyes turned white for the pure silver coins.

‘I planted the embers during all those annoying greetings.’

Just planting small hidden embers was enough to melt coin-sized silver nuggets in the banquet hall.

“Auughr!”

“Aaa, aaaah! My hand! My hand!”

Screams raised everywhere.

Because those greedy people gripped their hands tightly, and said they liked it very much moments ago, I engraved Sillentium’s seal and crow on their palms like an iron brand.

One of the worst types of pains humans can feel is burning.

People wearing tuxedos and dresses tasted this pain right now.

They forgot about their dignity and rolled on the dirty floor, crying.

“Gasp, ambulance, call the ambulance!”

“It hurts…Ah. Aaack.”

“Hisss, hand, my hand!”

But the communication was completely blocked in this place right now.

They could do nothing but groan in pain and toss around.

‘Why not let that go?’

Regardless of everything, every participant still wrapped the silver coin in a handkerchief or clothes and put it onto their precious chests.

I guess SR+++ item was only quite good at shutting those mouths.

“Little Red Dragon Yeom Junyeol! It– It’s all your trick!”

Of course it was mine.

‘There is no person besides me who could do that.’

Currently, the skill level of my Remote Ignition was 10.

Finding hidden embers was only possible with at least a level 10 Detection skill.

The player possessing a level 10 skill wouldn’t participate in such a dubious party and have even less of a reason to work as security.

Only I could deceive everyone’s eyes here at the Fantasy Auction by turning into Yeom Junyeol.

Though, this world’s real Yeom Junyeol’s skill isn’t level 10 yet.

“Yeah, I did it.”

There was no reason to hide it, so I answered.

The guards and players seemed to have a high pain tolerance as they didn’t crumble and kept standing despite the sweat profusely dripping from their faces.

After a moment of hesitation, they yelled.

“Th– That arrogant son of the bitch!”

“Don’t even think you’re going to leave alive…!”

They glared at me, holding their weapons and preparing to use supernatural powers, but they didn’t dare to attack me.

Because even if they held a numerical advantage and had the possibility of overpowering me, at least a dozen of people who will rush at me first will have to prepare to be burned alive.

The professional philosophy of the security company that was willing to take on a job in such a dirty place and the guts of the rotten players, who participated in this auction, were only this much.

“You may start to think about excuses because people will come soon.”

I bluntly provoked Byeon Sunhoe.

At this point, even Byeon Sunhoe who was hesitating, was so angry his voice pitch raised.

“Ha, people? No one can come in here! The communication is cut off. I have already talked with the local police station! Even if you call someone here, 100 bodyguards can use you as a hostage…”

⟨Using the active character’s Gwangrim ‘Summoning of the Red Dragon’.⟩

⟨Using the active character’s skill ‘Remote Ignition’.⟩

Paaaa—.

At my gesture, the velvet curtains blocking the windows were instantly set on fire.

The curtains straight up disappeared in the burning fire.

However, behind the glass of windows where the curtains disappeared, the fire pillar… no, the wall of fire stood ablaze and covered the entire building.

“No…!”

When using the Gwangrim ‘Summoning of the Red Dragon’, Yeom Junyeol’s Remote Ignition skill’s scope and power all rise.

Before entering a convention center.

I looked around it and put the hidden embers outside of the guards’ alert range.

“People celebrating the new year are still awake. This fire wall will be easily seen from the Air Hotels floating above the Han River. The number of reports going to the fire station only will be over three digits.”

Byeon Sunhoe’s face turned pale.

Likely all the fire reports were coming up in the security intranet.

Only the convention center was wrapped in the thin fire wall like a dome.

‘From the outside, it will look like it was caught in a very big fire because of the flames and smoke.’

From there, they will mistake it for an extremely urgent situation because the communication was completely cut off in this place.

Though, it was urgent in a sense.

“It’s not a problem to call for support even if the communication around here is cut off.”

This world’s bad ending couldn’t be simply blocked by bringing down the one pulling the strings from the darkness.

Numerous evil intentions and desires, incidents, mistakes, misfortunes, and misunderstandings, etc. add up and intertwine, resulting in this world’s bad ending.

‘I can’t depend on the Gwangrim and skills only.’

Because, even if I received a powerful Gwangrim like the ‘Player’s Trajectory’, I’ll obviously reach a limit someday.

Just like in chess, no matter how powerful the queen piece is, the queen cannot win alone.

While I was skipping school, I researched this world to increase the number of usable pieces.

I searched for everything that didn’t show up in the setting book. The world’s philosophy, traditions, legal system, etc. Everything I could exploit for that.

And today I used one of the things I found during my research.

‘Even in this world, there exist fire emergency response levels.’

Expected casualties beyond 2 digits.

Expected time to go out beyond 8 hours.

This scale middle-sized disaster is treated as a level 2 response.

At the 2nd level response, the fire station would call a prior contracted professional player team to quickly end the situation and rescue people, or in cases when the fire outbreak is assumed to be caused by supernatural powers.

“Within 5 minutes, the rescue teams of about 400 people will come here. Including at least 2 professional player teams. And add swarming reporters, gathering news about this year’s first fire incident.”

In response to Yeom Junyeol’s Gwangrim, the enormous burning Red Dragon appeared from the subspace crack.

Red Dragon gently circled around me and put its nose on my shoulder, spouting out a fire breath.

However, with Dragon King’s blessing ‘My fire won’t burn you’, not only my body didn’t burn, I didn’t even feel the heat.

Weewooweeewoo—.

Dozens of ground and air fire trucks’ sirens cried out and shook the convention center, mixing with the party participants’ wailing.

“Do you understand the situation now?”

Even when I tossed provocative words, Byeon Sunhoe and the other bodyguards were quiet.

As I ran and got up on the stage, Byeon Sunhoe hesitantly stepped back.

“Then let’s get a paycheck for the Dragon Live Show.”

The item cards, put in boxes on the stage, gathered in my hands one after another.

Pat—.

When I melted and opened the boxes with a small flame, the item card’s ownership was transferred to me.

Byeon Sunhoe had a face like he was about to faint at that sight, but even so, he couldn’t approach me, because I walked with Red Dragon beside me.

⟨Obtained the ‘East wind calling fan’.⟩

⟨Obtained the ‘Ghost door[1] seeing lenses’.⟩

⟨Obtained the ‘Tears with the breath of a mermaid’.⟩

⟨Obtained the ‘Rusty tiara of a noble knight’.⟩

⟨Obtained the ‘Blind cultivator’s fan’s charm.⟩

…..

…..

…..

The inventory list increased one line after another.

The cards disappeared in the menu item window with dozens of system notifications.

“Hahaha!”

My smile grew when I saw Byeon Sunhoe.

As expected, it feels the best when you are ripping off the bad guys.

‘It also felt very good when I robbed the Fantasy Auction in the game.’

Even in the game’s Fantasy Auction event, you could obtain items after turning everything upside down and searching the stage.

Currently, unlike in the game, it would be difficult for me to actively conquer otherworlds like towers, dungeons, castles and gardens, so they’ll be valuable war funds and pieces.

“This–this thief!”

“Are you introducing yourself?”

I kindly replied to Byeon Sunhoe’s nonsense.

A majority of things on the Auction were item cards related to supernatural powers or otherworlds.

‘There are also things that couldn’t be cardified.’

I was dumbfounded when I skimmed through the treasures that couldn’t be changed into cards.

Byeon Sunhoe, you robbed until you robbed even the graves.

“Why are there national cultural assets that have been thought as lost here? You even stole so many of them. I’ll treat them well.”

After confiscating those national treasures, I must throw them to the Cultural Heritage Administration.

The treasures entered the inventory even though they weren’t cards.

Byeon Sunhoe was outraged at the sight, but he didn’t seem to think it was strange. He probably thought I was using a skill or item to pack the goods.

Though it wasn’t exactly a wrong idea as it was the result of using the Exclusive menu skill.

Byeon Sunhoe shouted as if throwing blood.

“Do you think the Ung tribe will stay quiet…!”

I naturally considered the existence of the Ung tribe.

“Do you think the Ung tribe is quiet because they don’t know? This situation is more fun to watch, so they will leave it alone.”

After I broke out with Sawol Seeum.

It caught my eye when I came back to the banquet hall and was activating the status window.

Among the numerous ‘not registered in the database’, I saw Jin’s status window.

Her eyes showed persistent boredom.

I didn’t see even a bit of interest in the Fantasy Auction ahead.

‘You’ll know that attitude when you see it. The simple item seller and bystander.’

I was certain after seeing her in person. I won’t be in trouble even if I crush this disgusting auction.

“It’s your end.”

As if understanding my words, Byeon Sunhoe’s eyes filled with despair.

“Aaaaah!”

Byeon Sunhoe lost his mind and suddenly threw himself at me.

When Red Dragon moved to turn him into charcoal.

Pang!

“Huaak!”

“Serves you right! You bastard!”

The female bodyguard, who broke herself free and stood up, kicked Byeon Sunhoe in the solar plexus.

It seemed she dislocated her joints and waited for a chance while quietly pretending her hands were tied up.

Puk, puk! Puk!

“Kugh, kuk!”

She stomped on the fallen Byeon Sunhoe’s solar plexus and stomach.

Byeon Sunhoe didn’t have her fortitude and kept screaming like a pig.

“I’ll rather be a rat bastard than an ugly pig bitch like you!”

While she was beating up Byeon Sunhoe, I manipulated Red Dragon and melted the lock of Sawol Seeum’s birdcage.

Chink—.

When the door opened, Sawol Seeum threw away broken shackles and staggered towards Sawol Semin.

Sawol Semin’s face was full of bruises. Even in this pandemonium, he didn’t open his eyes.

“Uncle…”

Sawol Seeum sank to his knees before Sawol Semin and carefully raised him a bit.

“Uncle…I was wrong… I won’t go to school… Don’t die…”

While Sawol Seeum completely bowed his head in remorse and mumbled, Sawol Semin slowly opened his eyes.

In his flickering consciousness, he discovered Sawol Seeum and then the focus in Sawol Semin’s eyes returned.

He blinked, mistrusting his own eyes, then smiled brightly.

“…Seeum. You’re safe, thank goodness.”

Sawol Semin lightly tapped Sawol Seeum with his unbroken arm.

At those words, Sawol Seeum smiled with his eyes filled with tears.

Behind the two, the siren sound gradually drew near.

‘Looks like it’s over.’

I took the items, so there is nothing to do.

If I wait, the support will come, but it’ll be problematic if I’m seen.

Also, if Sawol Seeum is seen.

‘No, not that.’

Sawol Seeum is this country’s last dynasty’s king’s freed messenger successor in this world.

Someday he will be revealed to the world.

‘He is still too young.’

He can’t appear before the people in such a weak state.

“Let’s run.”

Wuu! Chink! Chink!

Following my order, Red Dragon broke a window.

I put my fingers on the foreheads of Sawol Seeum, Sawol Semin and the bodyguard of unknown name and gave them a blessing, so they wouldn’t be caught in Red Dragon’s flames.

Sharing the blessing with other people drastically decreases the time usage of Gwangrim, but I didn’t have a choice to leave them here and escape alone.

“I gave you a blessing for 10 minutes. Please ride along.”

I had around 30 minutes left to use Yeom Junyeol’s Gwangrim.

I should hurry.

After I climbed up, the three helped each other out and rode along.

As disguise and protection, I wrapped the four of us in flames. After that, I ordered Red Dragon to fly into the night sky.

Paaaat—!

At the same time, the fire wall wrapping around the convention center was lifted.

From the outside, it would look as if the fire wall ascended into the sky as one.

When we rose above the clouds, the moonlight brighter than usual shined through the gaps of flames.

“Where is your home?”

“Ah, Seodemun district, Yeonhui neighborhood…”

Sawol Seeum replied without hesitation.

I was happy that my intentions weren’t questioned, but should the successor of the king’s messenger reveal his headquarters so easily?

‘I roughly know where the Yeonhui neighborhood is from the game.’

Following my guidance, Red Dragon soon arrived at the place Sawol Seeum mentioned.

It was the entrance to a hidden mansion in the corner of a neighborhood park of Yeonhui and Gung.

“Thank you for saving me! Yeom Junyeol, right?”

“I’m not Yeom Junyeol.”

Real Yeom Junyeol should be about now in the middle of the party in the air hotel with the Red Lion and allied teams and great politicians and business tycoons, the S classes of social world.

I specifically choose a character who had a perfect alibi, and on whom the Fantasy Auction’s tricks won’t work.

And…

‘Today was also for Yeom Junyeol.’

At the Fantasy Auction, there was only one person who received the representative nomination and successfully entered the National Assembly.

That member of the National Assembly created an opportunity for Yeom Junyeol’s death.

“You weren’t in that place. No one saw anything. Bodyguard-nim should also not return home for the time being and hide here.”

“What? But those piggy bastards…!”

“They will be punished by law. The evidence left, the testimonies of the rescue teams and professional teams entering that place, the journalists’ gathered material, the brand engraved on their hands. There is a lot of evidence and witnesses. It’s enough even if not everyone comes forward.”

And I also laid some groundwork.

Adding to that groundwork, I fully provoked Byeon Sunhoe.

‘Byeon Sunhoe will pick up a fight with someone who shouldn’t be touched.’

The bodyguard heard my explanation and coolly nodded with a convinced face.

Sawol Seeum didn’t have any intention of going out from the beginning, but he only looked up at me quietly while perking up his exhausted body from crying so much.

Sawol Semin opened his eyes with difficulty and just thanked me with a dying voice.

“…Um, thank you. Please let me repay you someday, by all means.”

When I was preparing to leave with Red Dragon, Sawol Seeum spoke.

Repayment.

With today’s event, I erased a few foreshadowings of the bad ending.

In addition, the price of the item cards I robbed from Byeon Sunhoe only easily exceeded a billion, but embarrassingly…

I replied to waiting Sawol Seeum.

“You don’t need to repay me. As a compensation, try reconsidering going to the Eungwang School again.”

In the game, rescued Sawol Seeum experienced a school life for a short time.

Sawol Seeum’s first meeting with the outside world was delightful, because he didn’t know anything.

A joke thrown by the teachers sometimes during a class.

A simple time of chatting with other students.

The menu of the day in the student cafeteria, etc.

He used to chirp like a bird whenever he appeared in the story, fascinated by something very trivial.

When the successor of the freed king’s messenger, Sawol Seeum smiled brightly, simply happy about those small things, he was just like an ordinary kid.

I didn’t want him to be locked inside the birdcage again this time.

“If you decide to come, talk only to the Head Teacher Jegal Jaegeol-nim. He is a trustworthy person.”

I spoke while giving Jegal Jaegeol’s device code.

There were a few more trustworthy teachers, but I didn’t obtain their contact information yet.

‘I don’t have much time left to use Gwangrim.’

After dictating the device code, I immediately climbed on Red Dragon.

I left the last words for Sawol Seeum, who looked up at me.

“See you at school.”

***

For the majority of the story, there were tumor-like beings.

The benign tumors were annoying, but they are harmless as long as you leave them alone, and they don’t become extremely large.

The problem types were malignant tumors and cancers.

If left alone, that cancer erodes the story and infects characters until they die.

‘If you eliminate that cancer lump now, other cancer cells you don’t know about will form afterwards without you noticing!’

… such a thinking will exist.

So leave it alone?

That’s a suicide.

In this world, the cancer-like elements had to be removed for certain, no matter the cost.

I decided to make a dangerous trade to obtain that elimination method.

“You arrived on time, human child.”

The ones with the most records among the Ung tribe are the Eight Immortals.

One of them, Ungnyeo of Grief, was waiting for me.

*~*~*

[1] Ghost door – The ‘northeast’ to be exact. It’s considered to be an ominous direction, because it’s where the ghosts enter the underworld in Buddhism. Literally called the ‘ghost gate/door’.

Translator’s note: No idea what half of the sounds in this chapter were. Also, should I change Red Dragon to Hongryong(means literally Red Dragon)? It’s kinda their name… Also I don’t know how I should refer to them… it? They? He? I don’t think it’s a she… The existential problems of being a walking dragon shaped fire…. Well, you can tell me your opinions on discord.

After release translator’s note: The dragon name will stay Red Dragon. Also, after this translator remembered something from far away future chapters, they decided to just use ‘it’ for the dragon, though if you really have to know they think ‘he’ is also appropriate .

4. Player’s Trajectory (4)

There are many roots and origins of the Jin people.

And based on those roots, the designation’s ‘category’ is decided.

There is almost no hierarchical structure to the categories, but there are a few exceptions.

They are the ‘myth category’, the ‘legend category’ and the ‘folktale category’.

Those ranks were decided depending on whether the root was recorded as a myth, remained as a legend or circulated around as a folktale.

‘This world’s Korea’s founding myth is the Gaecheon myth, not the Dangun myth[1].’

Unlike in the Dangun myth, the bears didn’t appear in the Gaecheon myth.

It was a story of sacred tigers who received the grace of Heavenly God and reigned over the nation with the Sinin[2]. The Ho tribe possessed hegemony over the Korean Peninsula in the Gaecheon myth.

So unlike the Ho tribe, the Ung tribe didn’t belong to the myth category but the legend category.

Ungnyeo of Grief, who I contacted, was a part of that legendary Ung tribe’s Eight Immortals.

I passed her a note at the Fantasy Auction after I found her.

The note asked her to come to the Ansan’s top beacon in Muak neighborhood at this time.

“Thank you for accepting the invitation.”

“It’s a reward for making the boring auction fun. Now, speak.”

The woman in darkness, with the golden shawl hanging around the black dress, smiled like a painting.

‘Careful now…’

What I’m about to speak about from now on will enrage Ungnyeo of Grief.

However, it was something I had to say to receive the thing I want.

“Mythical…no, Jeok-ho (Red Tiger), who was relegated to the legendary category in the Ho tribe, will die within the year.”

Paaat!

A shockwave raised with Ungnyeo at its center.

My hair blew up in all directions in the shockwave, even though I had Yeom Junyeol’s body and Red Dragon wrapped around me.

‘A few parts of my body would have been cut off if I hadn’t defended myself.’

I saw a faraway fallen beacon crack, and my back turned cold.

“Every human on the Korean Peninsula knows that among the Jin people, the Ho tribe and Ung tribe are enemies. It’s a fact. For what reason are you informing me about Jeok-ho’s death?”

I didn’t answer.

The ‘category’ downgrade meant that he committed mortal sin worthy of changing the root.

I not only knew that fact, I also knew how Ungnyeo of Grief was involved in the secret of Jeok-ho’s downgrade.

The Ho tribe gained supreme power on the Korean Peninsula and received the grace of Heavenly god.

The Ho tribe tried to accept and co-exist with the Ung tribe who they fought against for supremacy before.

But the Ung tribe couldn’t let go of their ambitions and Ungnyeo of Grief tricked Jeok-ho into abandoning Heavenly God’s grace.

‘Only if Heavenly God’s grace disappears, the Ho tribe and the Ung tribe can live as equals on the Korean Peninsula.’

…she sweet-talked him like this.

After tricking Jeok-ho into committing a crime, the Ung tribe rebelled.

The Ho tribe succeeded in overpowering the Ung tribe, but with Jeok-ho’s betrayal, most of the grace Heavenly God granted to the Korean Peninsula disappeared, and they lost many of their kind.

To erase that humiliating history, Heavenly God, Sinin and Ho tribe wiped out the names of Jeok-ho and the Ung tribe from the myth.

And even after the era of myths ended, the hostility between the Ho tribe and the Ung tribe continued in the invisible world.

Even now, in the present world again after the Clash of worlds.

However, what was currently passed down was only:

‘The Ho tribe and Ung tribe are at odds with each other. It’s estimated that the hostility continues from the time of the Gaecheon myth, but no accurate records remained.’

Because Ungnyeo of Grief and Jeok-ho’s story was erased.

‘If I say that, I’ll be skinned alive or really killed.’

I hated being sick and hated dying even more. [3]

I hid what I knew and turned Ungnyeo of Grief’s attention away.

“Ungnyeo of Grief is known to possess ‘Three-eyed goosefoot cane of truth’. Please, shine its eyes on me.”

“…You cannot tell a lie before my cane. Do you know that?”

“Yes.”

Ungnyeo shook her hand and a goosefoot cane, with three red eyes embedded, appeared.

Three-eyed goosefoot cane of truth.

It was one of the most famous SSR rank items produced by Ungnyeo of Grief. With this item, she could discern the truth and falsehood of words three times if the other party gave their consent.

I saw Ungnyeo point the cane at me and strengthened my resolve.

When I nodded, the cane’s red eyes started to emit a dim light.

“Is it true you know Jeok-ho’s future?”

“Yes.”

One of the cane’s eyes closed.

It proved I said the truth.

The instant you say a lie, that red eye rather than closing, casts a curse and pierces your eyeball.

“Jeok-ho will die within a year.”

“Yes.”

Second eye closed.

Ungnyeo also tightly closed her eyes for a moment.

For a few seconds, there was no reaction. Then she asked her third question with a little hoarse voice.

“Can you save Jeok-ho?”

I couldn’t be sure about that yet.

I’ll try to save him.

However I still couldn’t truly, for 100%, know if I could save him.

A certain future like this didn’t exist.

‘If I say ‘yes’ here, it would be a lie.’

I closed my mouth.

Seeing me not answer, she asked again.

“I’ll change the question. Can you do something to prevent Jeok-ho’s death?”

There was no need to hesitate about this answer.

“Yes.”

All the cane’s eyes closed.

Ungnyeo shook her elegant arm, and the cane disappeared.

“Speak. What do you want?”

I found melancholy in Ungnyeo’s eyes.

They were the eyes which held regret, anger and lingering attachments for 5000 years.

I looked straight into those eyes as I replied.

“I need 3 pieces of the treasure the Eight Immortals created to harm Heavenly God and Sinin.”

“What did you say?!”

Saaa—

The trees within Ungnyeo’s 10m radius wilted in the instant.

The ground covered by the Jin’s fury lost all life and all colors died out.

“Human child, do you know what you’re talking about?”

“I know.”

“Do you also know it was a failure?”

“Yes.”

That item only appeared in the setting book and didn’t show up in the game.

I couldn’t achieve one of my goals without this item.

It happened before the Clash of different worlds.

During the time when the Jin people were still invisible, remaining in the world as beings with limited interference in the mortal world.

The Ung’s Eight Immortals used their powers and wits to extinguish the existence of Heavenly God and Sinin.

However, in the process, two of them went mad and three of them fell into a long sleep. That attempt ended in failure.

And what remained was only a wrecked flop.

Ungnyeo of Grief quietly closed her eyes.

When she opened them again, she was holding three shining cards in her hand.

“Keep it in mind. If Jeok-ho’s breath stops before your short life ends, this Ungnyeo of Grief will surely tear you down in the name of Eight Immortals.”

⟨The ownership of the ‘Weight scale of life and fortune’ was transferred from ‘Ungnyeo of Grief’.⟩

Shining item cards flew up to me from Ungnyeo.

The cards disappeared in the inventory after I grabbed them into my hands.

Only then did my mind relax.

‘The biggest homework I had to solve before the first day in Eungwang School is done…’

Ungnyeo stood before me as before she passed me the items.

She stared at me with a gaze I couldn’t read.

“Next time, meet me with your true appearance. As long as you own that failure, I’ll never fail to recognize you.”

It seemed she pierced through the fact I borrowed Yeom Junyeol’s appearance.

‘No way, can Jin people see through the Player’s Trajectory?’

Nervous, I opened my eyes wide and took a cautious posture.

Then, as if Ungnyeo’s anger up to now was a lie, she put on a mischievous and teasing smile.

“I also saw the Yong tribe’s cherished Little Red Dragon a few times. There is no way you’re that immature child.”

Under the moonlight, Ungnyeo grinned, showing her white teeth.

She leaned slightly towards me as if she could see me, Jo Uisin, inside Yeom Junyeol.

‘…It’s the Jin who bewitched Jeok-ho.’

Ungnyeo of Grief was seductive.

However, at the same time she aroused the fear that she is meticulously digging into my insides and dark emotions[4].

I unknowingly took a step back.

“You’re like a trace of a hazy and distant future that this current child can’t ever reach.”

Haha, she laughed and smiled slightly.

With crazy words, she turned her back and then took one step. She was instantly buried in the darkness and disappeared from my sight.

***

It was evening when I woke up after taking a long new year’s nap.

In the meantime, the incident on Yeoui island turned from questions about a big fire into an enormous crime controversy.

‘I didn’t imagine they would dig so far in just one day.’

While I thought so, the case progressed fast.

I simultaneously unfolded and read several articles on the opened hologram windows.

[Shock. Disappearance of the players with rare powers. Records of human trafficking had been found.]

[How far it goes, the Fantasy Controversy. Targets of investigation only – hundreds of people.]

[Fantasy Controversy. Human trafficking, assaults, kidnapping, imprisonment, tax evasion, illegal possession, etc. the charges against the main perpetrator ‘Byeon Sunhoe’ don’t end…]

[Seoul Criminal Investigation Department digs into the local police station, turning a blind eye to the Fantasy Controversy. ‘Special investigation call’.]

[Player’s Association Korean Branch notice: Players participating in the Fantasy Auction will be permanently expelled.]

‘This is the power of the Iron Arm of Great Hero Song Manseok…’

That day I wasn’t only trying to call firefighters, rescue teams and contracted with them professional player teams.

My first aim was to call the ‘Han River Cycling Team’.

Han River Cycling Team.

The Master of this professional player team, created around 20 years ago, was ‘Iron Arm Song Manseok’ who turned 72 years old this year.

Song Manseok, who became a professional player 50 years ago, survived and faced the Enemy with a ‘naked body’, without items, subjugation information or player support system.

He lost numerous companions, but because of that, he came to save many more people.

Great Hero Iron Arm Song Manseok guided the player world towards the dawn and held enormous influence during that time.

However, even as a Great Hero, in his late 40s and early 50s, his energy decreased, and his body turned old compared to his younger days. He quietly retired while people forgot about him.

After that, he gathered retired player companions and created the Han River Cycling Team, formerly known as ‘Han River Cycling Club’.

The club started as a simple, friendly meeting every weekend while they rode bicycles following the cycling route around the Han River.

Then one day…

The Cycling Club members witnessed 100 boys and girls, possessed by bewitching devil[5] Enemy, attempting to commit suicide from the Yanghwa Bridge.

0 people died in this event, later called ‘Yanghwa Bridge’s group suicide attempt incident’.

It was the result of 15 members of the cycling club and retired players of average age of 54, throwing their bodies at the time.

‘And the Han River Cycling Team was established.’

After that, Song Manseok followed the club members’ wishes and formed the ‘Han River Cycling Team’.

The joining condition was a minimum 30 year career as a professional player.

In the 20 years since forming the team, they began helping people from the shadows, in a different way than the Great Hero’s Iron Arm did before and even avoided contact with the media.

More than around 1000 people think about suicide at the Han River every year.

More than around 400 of them actually jump.

The minds of weak people are easily penetrated and induced to suicide by bewitching devils or intangible Enemies.

But it was only up to the human mind to defeat the formless bewitching Enemy.

The Han River Cycling Team finds those weakened people and then helps, persuades, supports and saves them.

‘The Cycling Team patrols around the Han River even in the New Year.’

And the convention hall at Yeoui Island, where the Fantasy Auction took place, just happened to face the Han River.

Let’s suppose they discover a large fire, what will happen then?

No matter how late, the entire team will be called and immediately head towards the incident site.

When Yeom Bangyeol led the Red Lion and Yong tribe to raid the National Assembly, not even one civilian died thanks to their work.

‘Even the articles mention that the Han River Cycling team was there.’

I run my finger across the team name, which was mentioned in only one line in the hologram, while guessing.

If it was a veteran like Song Manseok, he would notice that Byeon Sunhoe is hiding something.

There was no way that righteous Song Manseok would pretend he didn’t notice all the dirt gathered by the Fantasy Auction over the years.

‘Byeon Sunheo said he already talked it out with the local police. However, seeing the story of emergency arrest and special investigation come out… Song Manseok had to call someone at least at the level of department head.’

Most people had forgotten, but high-ranking officials in their 50s and older still remembered Iron Arm Song Manseok.

Likely with just one call, the head of Player’s Association’s Korean Branch would come flying within 10 minutes.

And I, who smashed the Fantasy Auction, was once again given a title after the Unknown Supernova.

~*~*~

[1] Dangun myth – You may have heard about it as a story about the bear and the tiger locked in a cave. I encourage you to look it up yourself if you don’t know it, but long story short: A bear and a tiger wanted to become humans. They prayed to Hwanung, and he told them to stay in the cave for 100 days. Tiger didn’t manage and failed, but the bear endured and became a woman. That woman later became Hwanung’s wife and gave birth to the founder of Korea – Dangun. Though, it differs depending on the source of the story. Also, the bear in that story was our Ungnyeo here.

[2] Sinin – Another thing which is hard to translate, especially because we’re referring to a person, and it’s kind of his name..? Sinin in simple terms means avatar of god (or rookie in modern language). In more difficult terms… um, it’s a god-man, the belief in god, the connection to god, just an entire meaning ‘all living things are part of god’, half-god-half-human…

[3] ‘I hated being sick and hated dying even more.’ – This is my first time hearing about this. I found no evidence of such thinking in…850+ chapters.

[4] my insides and dark emotions – That’s a curious one. In raws it’s my insides and ‘abyss’. The abyss is defined as: ‘A dark pond’, ‘a very difficult and desperate situation or emotion that one finds hard to escape (figurative) or ‘A profound distance between two things or persons that one cannot jump over or overcome (figurative)’.

[5] bewitching devil Enemy – category: bewitching, species: devil. And though it’s called a devil, you shouldn’t mistake them for any of the mythological devils. Those will be Jin people or similar beings.

Also. By beacons in this chapter, they mean those things:

Translator’s note: If you think about the differences between the Dangun myth and Gaecheon myth in this book… There are some dark conclusions you may end up with.

On a brighter note! Here comes the ultimate weapon against Jo Uisin!

4. Player’s Trajectory (5)

The newly obtained title was….

Red Wall Phantom Thief.

It was because during the Fantasy Auction, people were trapped by the wall of red flames, and the illegal items on the Auction were swept away.

That fire wall impressed a certain reporter so much they had coined that title.

Fortunately, the Red Wall Thief was buried because the public overflowed with waves upon waves of terrible stories about Byeon Sunhoe’s group and paid more attention to their evil deeds than me.

The problem was after that.

When I anonymously threw the national cultural assets at the national museum…

The Cultural Heritage Administration seemed to inform the media after the cultural assets found only in the Fantasy Auction’s account book were returned, and an article about my deed showed up.

With the Red Wall Thief title.

[The smasher of Fantasy Controversy, the Red Wall Phantom Thief, returns the cultural assets]

[The favor of the chivalrous outlaw, Red Wall Thief who uncovered the Fantasy Auction, CHA expresses their gratitude.]

After that, the Red Wall Phantom Thief was completely solidified as my title.

My face turned hot.

What Red Wall.

What Phantom Thief…!

[Titles] Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification, Unknown Supernova, Red Wall Phantom Thief

The Red Wall Phantom Thief was added in the titles section when I checked my status window.

Of course. Only I know the fact that Jo Uisin is the Red Wall Thief.

However, I couldn’t stop the useless shame and the feeling of my hands, feet, space and time shrinking.

***

While I squirmed in embarrassment, days passed.

Finally, Byeon Sunhoe touched a person he shouldn’t have touched.

Related articles appeared at the main news portal sites.

[Fantasy Auction participant: ‘Little Red Dragon Yeom Junyeol was there’. Is Yeom Junyeol the ‘Red Wall Thief’?]

[Byeon Sunhoe’s nerve: ‘I want Red Wall Thief, Little Red Dragon Yeom Junyeol to be investigated’. The victim of arson, property damage, robbery and an assault.]

Yeom Junyeol was the only son of Red Flame King Yeom Bangyeol.

He was also a star player loved by countless fans.

Attacking the loved one was like slamming that loved into the mud and picking a fight.

‘But Byeon Sunhoe has no way of understanding that.’

I opened the comment section under an article.

The fans who saw Yeom Junyeol’s name and read the article already left thousands of comments.

[What Yeom Junyeol all of a sudden]

[Okay, so I’m an acquaintance of the Red Lion team. Byeon Sunhoe was sending love calls to the Red Lion and tried to get close, but it was somewhat creepy, so they ignored him. Since this time Red Wall Thief used fire related ability, he seemed to be saying it’s exactly the same.]

[Doesn’t everyone know that at the time Junyeol was performing a Dragon Live Show in the air hotel at SNS? It was only over 1 million people watching it live… hahaha.]

[Right! Our Red Dragon became famous! But it seems like the criminals attack in the best of times ^^” ]

[Sunhoe don’t be sick… don’t be sick, just go die.]

Yeom Junyeol had a perfect alibi and thousands of witnesses, so Byeon Sunhoe’s claims didn’t make sense.

Yeom Bangyeol and the Red Lion’s team members were greatly offended by this matter and directly met with reporters to make an interview.

According to the interview with Yeom Bangyeol, he was so angry he repeated two times that he wants Byeon Sunhoe to be severely punished.

The Red Lion handled, and the police ignored Byeon Sunhoe’s words, but Yeom Junyeol’s fans couldn’t soothe their anger so easily.

‘Byeon Sunhoe is probably growing obsessive and turning properly crazy.’

From Byeon Sunhoe and his gang’s point of view, they clearly saw me as Yeom Junyeol. It was a situation where you had to go crazy.

That day I provoked Byeon Sunhoe quite a bit until it seemed his insides turned upside down. Every single word was spoken when he saw Red Dragon, making him put all faults on Yeom Junyeol.

There is no identical Gwangrim and copying a Gwangrim is impossible, so because Red Dragon was there, Yeom Junyeol also had to be there, he claimed.

‘Using any type of recording device was impossible at that convention center, so none whatsoever records were left.’

Byeon Sunhoe’s wide usage of supernatural powers and device control allowed me to hide my identity.

In articles related to the Red Wall Thief, the only photos were swiftly taken, far away pictures of the red wall wrapping around the convention hall and what appeared to be that wall merging together and ascending into the sky.

In the end, Byeon Sunhoe’s words were viewed as nothing more than false accusations and him screwing up with Yeom Junyeol by trying to ‘reveal his dark insides’.

Byeon Sunhoe didn’t reflect even a bit on the crime he himself committed, and he kept repeating ‘Yeom Junyeol’ over and over when he opened his mouth.

There were also other shameless people at the Fantasy Auction besides Byeon Sunhoe, who saw Yeom Junyeol and were overflowing with confidence from who knows where, claiming they were victims.

Finally, the fury of Yeom Junyeol’s fans reached its climax, and they took action.

The result was the creation of the ‘Fantasy List’.

Yeom Junyeol’s fans combined all of their information and editing abilities and created a list of personal details of the Fantasy Auction’s group.

With overseas fans at its center, they posted Fantasy List on all sorts of communities while saying ‘See if you want to sue’.

‘Where did you get all of that?’

From high-quality profile pictures of the people participating in the Fantasy Auction to the committed crimes, evidence and personal details.

The progress of the current investigation was meticulously organized.

After the Fantasy List was released…

Even people whose cases were buried among hundreds of others in the investigation or were luckily enough to pass without problems left their name on the Fantasy List.

Those who got on the Fantasy list ran amok foaming at the mouth, shouting about ‘damage to their reputation’.

‘Even though it’s impossible to bury once the information was dropped into the web.’

Afterwards, it became impossible to search the ‘Fantasy List’ keyword in the major searching portal sites.

However, you could find it straight away by inputting only constants or replacing keywords with slang.

There even circulated a rumor that Fantasy List’s complete backlog and rapid updates were thanks to Yeom Bangyeol’s team, Red Lion, extending their hand.

In the end, the Fantasy List became an open secret which anyone could read.

I read articles and comments while swearing to myself that I’ll bring the fact that I turned into Yeom Junyeol using my Gwangrim to the grave.

***

Before school began, Yu Sang-hun promised to treat us to a meal.

Should we go to the sky hotel Snow and Air for a winter special buffet?

Or a limited dinner course in commemoration of the visit to Korea of the famous French patissier player[1]?

The three of us agonized while we checked the menu and quantity.

Considering the quantity, it was an overwhelming victory for the buffet.

However, in Jang Namuk’s opinion, we should choose the dinner course in preparation to acquaint ourselves with table manners for the future player official events.

This trivial worry ended simply.

It was due to Yu Sang-hui who heard that and said with a pathetic expression ‘Go to both’ and so, a decision was made.

Yu Sang-hun’s parents right away said they would buy me and Jang Namuk a meal from the menu we want every week if we wish.

The outing was only possible on weekends because Jang Namuk entered the military highschool academy’s dormitory, so adjusting to it, we decided to go on the limited dinner course on Saturday and later on Sunday to the hotel buffet.

And on Saturday.

We met with Jang Namuk after a long time.

Following the military school hair rule, Jang Namuk’s haircut was extremely short.

“What happened to your hair?”

“…School rules.”

At Yu Sang-hun’s friendly greeting, Jang Namuk avoided his gaze while answering.

‘That’s a soldier’s haircut.’

I also had this hair style a few years ago.

Jang Namuk was not yet an adult or a soldier, but I guess the school rules aren’t that different from a military academy for adults, so he wasn’t able to avoid it.

We bought suits necessary for participation in future official players’ events, which also matched with the French restaurant’s dress code.

With the recommendation of a floor employee in a department store, we chose ready-made suits which this place repaired, and when reservation’s time came, we put on our suits right away and headed towards the restaurant.

After we sat down following a waiter’s guidance…

“Jang Namuk, congratulations on a second place within the player military highschool.”

I measured the timing to say that and passed the congratulations.

Jang Namuk had a confused expression as if he didn’t know how to receive the congratulations.

“How did you know? Thanks, Uisin.”

Yu Sang-hun, who spread a napkin, asked with a surprised face.

“You’re second place?”

Jang Namuk, who always had much to say on every subject, closed his mouth before this one.

‘If I didn’t say it, Yu Sang-hun would probably continue to remain oblivious.’
