Just as I cardified it, I saw an updated item data.

⟨Reading updated item data.⟩

[Item name] Assassin’s apprentice’s folding knife

[Type] Weapon

[Rarirty] N

[Proficiency] 102%

[Effect] Proficiency experience acquisition rate bonus 10%, Agility +2,5, Power +0.5

[Additional effect] Extremely low chance of opponent’s instant death

[Description]

A crude weapon one can buy even in a common market.

Contains grudges of a revenger, who was its previous user.

The revenger honed his skills without rest to pierce the archenemy[4]’s neck.

If he didn’t give up at the last moment, his one blow would surely…

There are big risks when facing an Enemy with a big level gap, but there were many things to obtain.

‘One of the things to obtain is weapon proficiency experience.’

This knife had a proficiency bonus acquisition because of its lowest rarity.

As the proficiency needed to raise rarity wasn’t that big, if one attacked a high-level Enemy with this knife, one could level it up extremely quickly.

And this weapon had a special effect added upon a level-up.

One of those special attacks was an Instant Death.

‘But because the chance of Instant Death is low and the weapon’s stats and rarity rank is too low, it was a junk I would never use in the final game.’

If there was a barrier, which solidity was strengthened by that freaking Jin and which granted status effects, in front of my eyes, the story was different.

Because I confirmed with Rinoseron’s status window that among the status effects caused by the barrier was a Special Attack Resistance debuff.

‘I was lucky.’

Though the luck when pulling out items was the worst.

Because if I pulled out an item of a bit higher rarity or a bit more usable, enduring 15 minutes would be easy.

Even so, if the Power of Fate’s skill didn’t activate, at least one person would die to Son Mingi’s scheme.

“Jo Uisin, aren’t you wrapping it too tightly?”

“Endure. In the first place, the wound has to be pressed enough for the homeostasis.”

Even while Yu Sang-hun frowned, he didn’t make a weak sound.

At the side of Yu Sang-hun, who was bluffing, Jang Namuk was nagging about everything.

I had a feeling I was seeing a glimpse of a happy ending of this game, which I wanted even in the moment of death.

In any case, it was a time-limited life, which didn’t have any future[5].

It wouldn’t be bad if I could use it to see this world’s happy ending.

The doubts about the situation I encountered still remained.

‘However, right now…’

Right now was a time to share the joy of survival and clear of the tutorial quest with colleagues.

Because we would be the first and the last to clear this game’s ‘Tutorial of unnamed supporting character’.

* * *

“Why did you give it to that fucker?”

Yu Sang-hun gaze was directed at the lying Son Mingi, who became a blood clot.

He kept his form somewhat, but parts of his body were completely destroyed.

It was difficult to know if he was dead or just fainted.

‘There is a high chance of survival.’

Because around Son Mingi were four remains of ‘Cotton scarecrow’s devotion’, which ownership Yu Sang-hun had passed to me.

“It’s the item to reduce damage.”

It seemed that Jang Namuk figured it out with an Insight category skill.

The instant ‘Spider string net trap’ was released, I used ‘Cotton scarecrow’s devotion’ on Son Mingi.

“To help him survive. Because the Rinoseron’s stats were lowered, it seemed he would survive if the damage was reduced, even if he ends up misshapen.”

As the Players possessing superpowers were much more sturdy than ordinary people, they didn’t die easily.

Thinking about the Players and ordinary people in terms of levels, the 3rd year middle school Pre-Player would have my overall stats level, 10.

It depended on the individual, but the level of ordinary people was known to be between 1 and 5.

An ordinary person would immediately suffer from shock if arms and legs were crushed at the same time, but Son Mingi was a Pre-Player who applied to the nation’s most prestigious school.

There is no way he would die easily.

“I gave it to you, who took a dangerous role. I didn’t give it to be used on a fucker, who sells and eats people.”

“I know.”

“You mean you will turn a blind eye to the fucker, who tried to kill you too?”

“No.”

Yu Sang-hun made a face as if he chewed on a spoiled tangerine.

“It wouldn’t matter if he reflected, but that bastard won’t do that. So it’s fine.”

I also didn’t think of turning a blind eye to that trash.

‘Even so, I can’t let Son Mingi die here.’

Let’s consider the case where one of the examinees died because of the Jin’s familiar in the Korean Republic’s most prestigious school, Eungwang Player Meister Highschool, and three survived.

There was a high chance that everyone would turn their arrows at the school and the three survivors.

I personally would live through it, but those two also be involved.

I would be fine, but I doubted those middle school brats could endure their daily life crumbling.

‘If it goes as I think, even if Son Mingi survives he won’t docilely reflect.’

The nature of the person in a death crisis can’t be changed.

That was the nature of Son Mingi I saw in that disastrous situation.

“Got it.”

The one to finally wield first was Yu Sang-hun’s side.

The atmosphere was awkward.

Jang Namuk looked at the expressions of me and Yu Sang-hun, and then barely spit out a word.

“Uh… Hey, then did I give you two item cards? It seems I thought there were four in total and made a mistake, but luckily as a result…”

Kwa-clang!

The efforts of Jang Namuk to change the atmosphere were in vain.

Before Jang Namuk even finished speaking, the gym’s door split with a ‘creak’.

‘There is still about a minute left until the barrier is lifted.’

The only one who could break the Jin’s barrier would have to possess abilities on par with Jin people.

I, Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun looked in the direction the noise came from with anxious eyes.

‘What…?!’

I felt my mind turn hazy for a moment when it entered my vision.

In front of the split gym door stood a person holding a greatsword so pure white that my eyes tingled.

I knew the identity of that greatsword well.

White Fang of Thunder Clouds Breaker[6].

Baek-ho’s fang, which was said that if it was swung towards the sky, it would break clouds and cut lightning.

‘It’s Baek Ho-gun…!’

Even without seeing his favorite sword White Fang, I could recognize him by just seeing his silhouette.

Baek Ho-gun was the Playable Character, who remained alone in the last battle during the final chapter.

He was my main Playable Character I raised most diligently and used for the longest time.

However…

‘Baek Ho-gun didn’t appear in this event.’

Something in this world ran counter to the game I knew.

*~*~*

[1] Ung — bear.

[2] Off exam ground barrier — to be precise it’s ‘off exam judgment ground barrier’.

[3] guys-ah — to be precise, he says ‘kids-ah’. It’s quite natural to say even for a young person when addressing someone underage, you will see me use it as it is, but I felt it may destroy the moment here, hahaa…

[4] archenemy — 원수 (wonsu) homonyms are ‘general/highest commander of the army’ and ‘head of state’. And yes, the description changed to past tense, the previous sentence also changed a bit.

[5] In any case, it was a time-limited life, which didn’t have any future — Which didn’t have any future is in the past tense, implying it might no longer be the case. Rejoice.

[6] Thunder Clouds Breaker — ‘Clouds breaking thunder cutting’ to be precise.

Translator’s note: Advice for new readers, remember this glorious moment, remember this victory, because this damn tutorial will haunt you later.

(Hey! There is the first chapter below 10 notes! Amazing!)

3. Unknown Supernova (1) [1]

The world underwent a drastic change because of the Clash of Different Worlds, which occurred 100 years ago.

In the world which fell into chaos, the beings who fought back against Enemies and returned stable everyday life to humanity were Players.

Those born with the Player’s superpowers were about 20% of the world’s whole population.

The rate of the ones who kept their superpowers after reaching the age of 17 was 15%.

The pre-Players corresponding to that 15% could be recognized as official Players by receiving the Player’s Association’s approval.

And the Players, who became 17 were permitted to use superpower, which manifested a miracle for a limited time, Gwangrim.

‘Baek Ho-gun is using Gwangrim right now, huh?’

In the case of Baek Ho-gun, Gwangrim manifested as a type of weapon summoning.

If his mental power was sufficient, he could even summon an EX rank weapon, though it was for an extremely short time.

‘Thinking about it even now, that was a balance-breaking cheat character.’

The reason being, compared to other characters, Baek Ho-gun was extremely powerful.

Although he was said to have received a debuff from Heavenly God, Baek Ho-gun was a being that appeared in the Gaecheon myth, the founding myth of this world’s Republic of Korea.

And among Jin people, he was a Myth category Ho[2], Baek-ho (White Tiger).

⟨Reading ‘Baek Ho-gun’ character data.⟩

[Name] Baek Ho-gun

[Titles] Myth category Ho tribe member, Baek-ho of Gaecheon Myth, Prisoner[3] of Divine Realm

[Blessing] None

[Gwangrim] White Fang summoning of Thunder Clouds Breaker

[Status] Heavenly God’s Wrath — part of skills and Gwangrims are sealed, all statistics and skill levels are drastically lowered

[Overall stats] Lv. 55

[Skills]

Sword Martial Arts Lv. 10

Byeoksa[4] Lv. 10

Leap Lv. 10

Brilliant Gaze[5] Lv. 10

Roar Lv. 10

[Description]

Baek-ho appearing in the Gaecheon Myth.

At the time of founding the nation, he received an authority[6] to ‘be able to go anywhere’, but at the end of playing[7], he lost his True Name and incurred the Heavenly God’s wrath.

Heavenly God sealed most of Baek-ho’s abilities to punish his arrogance and ordered him to ruminate on his sin in the Divine Realm.

After that…

While I opened the status window and read the description, I suddenly felt suffocated.

As I forced myself to take a breath and raised my head, I met eyes with Baek Ho-gun.

Baek Ho-gun was glaring at me.

‘No way, do you know I’m using Exclusive Menu skill?’

I turned my gaze away as calmly as I could.

However, the remaining gaze of Baek Ho-gun felt like thousands of needles piercing my body.

The ‘Brilliant Gaze’ skill wasn’t even activated.

⟨The Ung tribe’s interference ended. Communication has been resorted.⟩

After I heard the system voice, all the lights inside lit up with a ‘ping’.

As I pressed my eyes, which were dazzled because they adapted to darkness, with one hand and looked around, the disaster entered my vision straight.

‘It’s a mess…’

I saw traces of destruction all over the exam ground.

The Demonic Beast which collapsed and wasn’t moving.

The supervisor and Son Mingi in dying states.

The injured Yu Sang-hun

I and Jang Namuk who weren’t injured but were in tatters.

At some point, Baek Ho-gun withdrew his gaze from me and was slowly looking around.

— Piiiiiing!

A different alarm sound from the system sound I heard from my menu rang out.

It was a sound I also heard a few times in the game.

‘Player’s Association’s exclusive satellite… it’s the warning alarm about approaching Enemies of the satellite in charge of Korea, ‘PlayerSAT-K’, huh?’

Originally, if an Enemy came into a certain distance, the smart devices would ring an alarm thanks to the satellite and begin an evacuation procedure.

Because the communication was completely cut off, the alarms rang late.

‘Just a step behind.’

I swept my finger through the warning notice, which appeared on the smartphone phone, which was something outdated by this world’s science and technology standards.

This world’s age was similar to the Korea I was before, but its setting was that the technology developed greatly under the influence of otherworlds and superpowers.

‘Everyone is using wearable devices, huh?’

As Baek Ho-gun, Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun were wearing wearable devices, each of them had a holographic screen opened in front of their eyes.

On the screen, the PlayerSAT-K’s subjugation completion notices were coming up in real time one after another.

— Wanted Enemy, Rinoseron no. 13 had been subjugated.

— PlayerSAT-K successfully accessed recording devices in the corresponding area.

— PlayerSAT-K analyzes the content of the subjugation process.

Swish.

The White Fang of Thunder Clouds Breaker disappeared from the hand of Baek Ho-gun, who read the holographic notices.

— Subjugation’s biggest contributor: Jo■■ (unregistered civilian: information disclosure is restricted.)

Because the PlayerSAT-K started the retrieval of the wanted Enemy’s body, Rinoseron turned into particles of light.

Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun, who made stunned faces at Baek Ho-gun’s appearance, saw the PlayerSAT-K’s notices and cheered.

“Jo Uisin, congratulations!”

“Congrats. When you get the reward, buy us food. Something expensive.”

It became noisy outside.

Following Baek Ho-gun, Players of Eungwang School arrived here.

When Eungwang School’s teachers spoke up to us, Baek Ho-gun’s form had already disappeared.

* * *

Even though I and Jang Namuk weren’t injured, we were transported to the hospital to be inspected.

After Yu Sang-hun, who was injured, received a separate treatment, he changed into a hospital gown and was wandering around dragging an IV stand.

“I want to just use a recovery item.”

“Because we are not official Players yet, the ‘Player insurance’ doesn’t apply to us. You’re going to get buried in hospital bills.”

“Ah…. Right. I should have got hurt next year.”

“If you use too much recovery medicine, there are going to be side effects. Endure.”

“Jang Namuk nags a lot!”

While I was examined, Yu Sang-hun and Jang Namuk were giggling and joking at the side.

The kids get close quickly, huh?

The hospital we came to right now was a medical institution established by Hwang Myeong[8] Foundation, which operated the Eungwang School.

‘It looks more like a temple rather than a hospital.’

Was it because Hwang Myeong Foundation was rich, or because the hospital was making a surplus?

The outstanding hospital facilities and scenery and the faces of medical staff showing a healthy luster, caught an eye.

It seemed that the employee welfare was also good.

‘I guess they’re paid well.’

In PMH, or in the in-game world, it was predicted that with the appearance of recovery items and skills, the medical community would be shaken.

But the recovery medicine and skills had insignificant effects on ordinary people, who weren’t Players.

The Players, who owned a recovery skill, were also extremely rare, and the recovery items were traded at high prices compared to their effects.

‘If we consider it just by the item prices, Jang Namuk luck was the best.’

Jang Namuk pulled out ‘Oat flower extract recovery medicine’.

It was the lowest grade item which effect was nothing but healing scratches, but to buy it without a Player’s insurance, it would cost 3 million won per bottle.

‘But as according to the setting, the Players had high income and could obtain items from otherworlds, it’s not that they can’t do that. Even so, Players can’t help but use hospitals.’

After a paper stating that frequent usage of recovery items lowers Player’s abilities in the long-term, Players also started to frequently visit hospitals.

If not in the middle of hunting or the life being at stake, it was a natural thing to consult with a Player’s specialized doctor before using recovery items.

As a result, the medical community, which was expected to decline with the appearance of items and skills, was thriving thanks to Players living with a risk of injuries.

“Next, student Jang Namuk.”

My examination ended and Jang Namuk’s turn to draw blood.

Unlike me, who roughly replied to doctor’s questions, Jang Namuk faithfully replied to all questions.

“You want to go home quickly? Me too.”

Yu Sang-hu saw me reply without sincerity and spoke.

“Yeah. I want for it to end quickly and go home.”

I spoke like this, but it wasn’t exactly that I wanted to go home.

I couldn’t know for certain the background of this world’s middle school student Jo Uisin right now.

If I had spoken longer, I might have been asked about content which I couldn’t confirm even with my personal information in the menu window.

“Jo Uisin? Come out for a moment.”

The name of the person who spoke was Jegal Jaegeol.

He was Eungwang School’s teacher, who before was contacting all kinds of places through a wearable device.

Jegal Jaegeol, who was shocked by the exam ground’s situation before, soon solved the situation like a veteran teacher and led us to the hospital.

‘There is no one here.’

There was no one in the hospital corridor in front of the examination room.

Only in a very far distance, there was a quiet sound of footsteps, and occasionally the sound of chirping birds was heard outside the window.

“The homeroom teacher registered as a guardian I contacted said that He is on a business trip and can’t come, and it seems there was no vice homeroom teacher. Is there perhaps another person to call?”

The current me was a 3rd year middle schooler.

It was the fall of my 3rd year of middle school when my parents-nim and dongsaengs got into a traffic incident.

Right now it was the 3rd year of middle school, December, when I took highschool entrance exams.

It was the time when the past me barely finished the disentailment procedure and frequently moved between compact rooms[9] on the inheritance, which there was not a lot left.

The same content was written in the menu on my character in this world.

“No, there isn’t any.”

There were distant relatives on my mother’s side.

However, I couldn’t know if they perhaps didn’t exist in this world, and I didn’t want to call them.

“… Okay. Call me if something happens.”

Are you sorry for just asking about it?

He seemed to be a better person even from the one seen in game.

Jegal Jaegeol handed me a business card with an apologetic expression.

‘Aquamarine Poet Jegal Jaegeol’.

On the business card Jegal Jaegeol handed to me, his Player alias and contact information were printed.

Jegal Jaegeol was also one of the Playable Characters, who appeared in the game.

As the teaching staff serving at Eungwang School were all Players with teaching qualifications, most of the teachers connected to the story were Playable Characters.

But Jegal Jaegeol left the stage early and almost didn’t appear in the story.

“Yes. Thank You.”

I accepted the business card with both hands and grasped it tightly.

The business card made out of paper was heavy like lead.

“Teacher Jegal Jaegeol-nim!”

The corridor became noisy.

A man dressed up in a cashmere coat was energetically weaving his hand while walking in this direction.

“No, how did he come in?”

Jegal Jaegeol openly frowned.

Wow, there was a character who could make Jegal Jaegeol make such a face?

“Hello, I’m Player’s Association’s Korea Branch’s media and PR team 1’s team leader, Hong Gyubin. Teacher Jegal-nim.”

What, team leader?

Why the hell did a person of the team leader rank in the Player’s Association came here?

It was a face I seemed to have seen in the game, but I didn’t remember it well.

He might have been an extra with nothing but one or two lines.

“I know. The outsider entrance here is prohibited right now.”

“Where do I look like an outsider? I came to see teacher Jegal-nim after a long time.”

“Yes, then see You next time. Go in peace.”

“Hahaha, this matter is drawing media attention. Shouldn’t I and teacher Jegal-nim cooperate well?”

“I’ll give You Hwang Myeong Foundation’s PR team contact information.”

“It’s okay, I know it.”

Hong Gyubin smiled widely and Jegal Jaegeol built an iron wall.

I was left alone, and the two continued their bickering battle.

‘… Can I go back to the examination room?’

When I had such a thought.

Hong Gyubin discovered me late and swiftly turned around while speaking to Jegal Jaegeol.

“Teacher Jegal-nim, the student beside You is Jo Uisin, correct? Excellent. I saw the entire recording left in the PlayerSAT-K. You were really outstanding!”

Jegal Jaegeol didn’t reply and made an absurd face.

As if Hong Gyubin didn’t expect a reply, he didn’t care and kept talking to me.

“Can you tell me an account to deposit the bounty? It’ll get taxed, but it probably will be over 200 million. If you don’t have a bank account, make it before next week and contact me through this.”

Before I could reply anything, I was forced to take a business card.

Because it overlapped with Jegal Jaegeol’s business card, the scrap of paper on top was infinitely lighter.

“Your adaptability and courage were all outstanding, but what I liked the most was your response during an unexpected situation. Even if your choice later becomes controversial, I’ll take your side. Ah, and thinking about it, your reaction to the Enemy was quite fast, do you have some kind of skill? If you agree to disclose Player information details, you can apply for mentorship matching your future career path, and we can make a program for you to improve your skill level.”

Disclose information details?

A word containing poison was mixed among the sweet, as if dipped in sugar, words.

If I agree to disclose information to the Association, it would be no different from informing the Association about my weaknesses and secrets.

I would receive worthy of its support, but I wanted to refuse to be caught on a leash.

As if Jegal Jaegeol noticed it, his face twisted at the side.

‘Then, can I refuse without losing connection with Player’s Association and Hong Gyubin?’

Even if I just stayed quiet, it seemed that Jegal Jaegeol would stop it, so should I let him take care of it?

My worries didn’t continue for long.

“Get out of the way!”

I heard a sharp voice in the distance and the wind moved with a ‘Swoosh’.

Reacting to the presence and the voice, Jegal Jaegeol grabbed me and stepped back.

It was a motion indeed worthy of the Eungwang School’s head of school affairs.

Worthy of the Player of the team leader rank in the Association, Hong Gyubin also lightly moved his body and avoided clashing with something.

Bang!

Someone crossed the corridor in an instant and opened the door as if to break them.

In the gap of the open door, I saw Jang Namuk, who just finished an examination, put a hemostatic dressing on the arm from which blood was drawn.

Yu Sang-hun dragged the IV stand in front of him and approached the laboratory table, then looked at the opened door and suddenly froze.

“Wait, student. The entrance for unrelated parties is prohibited during the examination right now.”

Ignoring the nurse at the side of the door who tried to stop her, a female student wearing Eungwang School’s uniform slowly walked up to Yu Sang-hun.

Yu Sang-hun gripped the IV stand and looked at the female student with a somewhat embarrassed face.

The two stared at each other for a few seconds without a word.

The first to open his mouth was Yu Sang-hun.

“Why did you come here?”

The female student clenched her hands into fists and ran at Yu Sang-hun.

“What are You trying to do?!”

Startled Jang Namuk tried to stop the female student.

However, before that, the female student collapsed in front of Yu Sang-hun and started to weep.

“Yu Sang-hun, you terrible lunatic!”

Overpowered by her spirit, Jang Namuk stopped.

Yu Sang-hun tried to tap the female student on the shoulder as if trying to soothe her but the female student pushed that hand away and kept crying.

“I know, I know. Don’t cry.”

“Who is crying?! Heuk…. Getting hurt like an idiot and… Heuk…”

“Okay, okay, cry.”

“Shut up!”

“Ah, then what do you want?!”

Yu Sang-hun, who gave up at calming her down, shut his mouth.

He made a loud sound, but rather than angry, his attitude was flustered because he didn’t know what to do.

Jang Namuk asked with a confused face.

“Who is it?”

“My mom’s daughter, Yu Sanghui-ssi.”

“What?”

“Uh… my noona.”

The identity of the female highschool student was Yu Sang-hun’s noona, Yu Sang-hui.

As if he hated to explain it any longer, Yu Sang-hun avoided Jang Namuk’s gaze.

Jang Namuk made a dumbstruck face, containing a thought ‘that was a conversation between siblings?’.

Yu Sang-hui, who wailed loudly, was left alone and an awkward silence continued.

Even Hong Gyubin, who was pouring smooth words coated in honey, shut his mouth because of embarrassment.

Thanks to that the need to think of an excuse disappeared.

Soon, besides Yu Sang-hui, Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun’s parents-nim arrived at the hospital.

With the arrival of the guardians, the atmosphere wasn’t right to continue conversation with Hong Gyubin, so my talk with him naturally ended.

* * *

Next day.

The Hwang Myeong Foundation, which operated the Eungwang School, posted a letter of apology on the school’s main website.

In the last sentence of the apology, they stated that they take a moral responsibility for the matter and the school’s side will bear all medical expenses of the injured examines and won’t spare any support.

‘Because in the exam oath we accepted stated that they held no responsibility for the school related injuries, they don’t have legal responsibility.’

In the first place, if a Jin made up their mind to raid, it was almost impossible to block it.

However, from around 300 exam grounds of Eungwang School, only one exam ground allowed the interference.

And it was only for 15 minutes.

Rather, it became an opportunity to show how outstanding Eungwang School’s security was.

But even so, condemnation of Eungwang School wasn’t small.

Fortunately, half of the press attention was on the survived middle school students.

The fact that the middle schoolers, who weren’t able to use Gwangrim, displayed their wits with just exam items and caught an R+ rank wanted Enemy, became a hot topic not only in Korea, but also overseas.

And the person, who became the biggest hot topic was Son Mingi.

[Little Hero Son Mingi, ‘I’m sorry that when in crisis I couldn’t fight together with my friends to the end…’.]

The article with the dog-like headline was plastered all over portal sites.

Son Mingi became a star overnight.

‘You’re playing the worst move, huh?’

I thought as I scraped the article.

Like this, Son Mingi took a step towards his destruction.

*~*~*

[1] Unknown Supernova — ‘Unknown 무명 (mu-myeong)’ as ‘something without a name’ or ‘the name being not widely known’, or ‘a person’s name not being engraved on blades, painting or left in writing (because it was forbidden for example or a person decided to stay anonymous)’. The homonyms of unknown are Avidyā/ignorance in Buddhism, cotton cloth, famous and outstanding martial arts or fame of a martial artist. Supernova in Korea is ‘초신성 (chosinseong)’, you can understand it as ‘first star’ or ‘beginning of a star’, but ‘신성 (sinseong)’ means divine/sacred, and ‘초 (cho)’ means first, so ‘first sacred’, perhaps? 신성 (sinseong) also means ‘a new person in the field with a lot of attention and popularity’, ‘coming to parents’ bedroom early in the morning to check on them and greet them (relates to preforming filial piety)’, ‘a new art song (lied)’, ‘a fixed star used to measure time’, ‘a common name for Venus’.

[2] Ho — tiger. The Ung later stands for a bear.

[3] Prisoner — 수인 (suin), this translator is so glad there is a hanja here because this word can also mean: ‘a signature’, ‘a few (two,three, four) people’, ‘people who don’t get along because of grudges’, ‘a worried person’, ‘a guardian’, ‘a Buddhist practice that leads one to attain enlightenment’, ‘person protecting fortress’, ‘a hunter’, ‘a person who lives like a beast in the wilds’….

[4] Byeoksa — a ritual of destroying and cleansing evil and evil spirits.

[5] Brilliant Gaze — literally ‘Light Eye’.

[6] authority — 권능 (gwonneung), perhaps a ‘capability’ would be a better translation here. This word means both authority and ability.

[7] playing — 유희 (yuhwi), refers to playful activities, something which brings fun, usually referring to children playing. But it could also be understood as a ‘game’.

[8] Hwang Myeong — 황명 can mean orders of emperor.

[9] compact rooms — 쪽방 (jjokbang) refers to very small cubic partition rooms, which are rented for short period of time (like a month) and upright. It’s something you will find mostly in slums.

Translator’s note: *laughs without any explanation*

3. Unknown Supernova (2)

The yesterday incident made the world’s most ungrateful[1] bastard into a hero and a star, but the world was moving forward like before.

The workers had to go to work and students had to go to school.

‘I’m a middle school student now, right? Should I go to school?’

The entrance exam process to the special purpose high schools, including Eungwang Player Meister Highschool, began in November or December and ended in December if fast or in February if late.

Because the middle school students had their 2nd semester’s final exams in December, the middle school 3rd years’ academic report only included grades up to the 1st semester.

‘There is no need to go to school’.

In my case, the document screening and writing exam had passed before I came to this world.

According to Jegal Jaegeol’s words, the practical exam would also be passed.

In other words, I, who was determined to enter Eungwang School successfully, was set free without the need to attend school.

‘In the past, I was forced to attend school, even after my pass to high school was determined.’

Even after passing, if I didn’t attend school, I could receive a penalty like 0 points on the performance assessment as a way of revenge, unrelated to the minus points and whether I attended or not, because I would be treated as a truant.

Even so, if I just took the final exam, there would be no problem whether I attended or not.

Because if I fulfilled the necessary attendance rate, even if I was expelled, it wouldn’t cancel my admission to the high school, which already confirmed that I passed.

When getting a job, there were almost no companies, which checked even the middle school and highschool student records, and even if they sometimes did, they usually ended it on the highschool’s, so it also wasn’t a disadvantage.

‘There are many things to do, but let’s go at least once.’

Finishing my worries, I decided to go to school to investigate myself.

I left behind the hillside slum room with nothing but a one-person sized electric mat acting as a heating tool and headed to school.

‘My character information seen with the menu is similar to my past.’

Lost parents and dongsaeng not a long time ago.

Currently attending Jinsu[2] Middle School.

Everything was like my real past.

‘However, this world is different from the Korea I was in.’

The Clash of Different Words, Players and Eungwang School were all stories from the game, but they existed in this world as if they were natural.

Even Korean’s history was becoming different bit by bit.

The address of the place I was living in and address of the middle school were different from what I knew.

‘It’s not just the addresses are a bit different.’

There was a difference between this Seoul and the Seoul I knew.

Even just looking at the map of Special City of Seoul, the lines dividing districts were somewhat different and there were unfamiliar names.

From the beginning, the name ‘Seoul Special City Eungwang District’, where Eungwang Highschool was located wasn’t something that existed in the real Seoul.

‘Even so, the flow of history is similar to the Korea I knew.’

When examining the history of the recent 100 years, the major flow was the same if the Clash of Different Worlds was excluded.

The published artworks, movies, drams or songs.

Even though there existed very small differences, they were almost the same.

‘But none of the people I actually knew and was acquainted with are in this world.’

None of the relatives or friends, who existed in the old world, were here.

To put it into words, this world was kind of like a parallel universe of the world I was in, where the Clash of Different Worlds was added and the composition of ordinary people was almost completely changed.

‘I don’t see the ground.’

As I walked while considering things, at some point I arrived at the middle school I was attending.

Journalists were swarming like clouds in front of the school.

In the PlayerSAT-K’s subjugation announcement only the letter ‘Jo’ was revealed, but it seemed that my personal information spread out among all the journalists.

If I didn’t request Hong Gyubin to hide my name while sending a message informing him about my bank account yesterday, the journalists may openly put my name in their articles.

‘Even in the world where the Clash of Different Worlds occurred, the vultures are exactly the same, huh?’

Rather, because an enormous candy called ‘Clash of Different Worlds’ fell on their laps, they might have been even more excited to poke everywhere.

The vultures were forcibly stopping students wearing school uniforms and making interviews.

Even a student, who was walking, while staring down at the vocabulary book and studying had a mic and camera suddenly thrust upon them.

‘Let’s flee. Because it’s going to be annoying if I get caught.’

I felt sorry for the students, who were drawn into it, but If I appear here, it would become an even bigger mess.

After circling for a while to find a gap to enter, I discovered a dog hole.

I hesitated looking at the dog hole size, but the current me was a middle schooler.

It was a small hole that if I was an adult man, it seemed that my waist would be stuck in the wall gap, but I was able to narrowly get through it.

* * *

In front of the Jinsu Middle School’s 3rd year class 8.

I looked around the school while heading to the class, but the middle school was different from what I remembered.

Be it the building design or placement, it didn’t match my memory.

I peeked in the teacher’s room, but there was no one I knew.

‘Only the school uniform’s design is exactly the same.’

I chose some people in the corridor to try to check their character data.

⟨Character not registered in the database. Character data cannot be read.⟩

Character data wasn’t read.

Was it because this middle school didn’t appear in the game?

I selected more people to test it, but it was the same.

No information could be obtained through the menu.

It seemed that I couldn’t help it but personally run on my two feet.

Creak.

I opened the old classroom sliding door and entered.

Punks wearing school uniforms with dowdy design were chatting everywhere.

The topic of all of them were yesterday’s Eungwang School Demonic Beast attack incident.

“Did you see the news? It was so cool.”

“I was interviewed, but I trembled like a dog. But is it true that the biggest contributor is a bastard from our school?”

Bastard from our school was correct.

Because it was me.

“There is a bastard, who had grades to get into Eungwang School in our school?”

“The school’s first place hides his strength.”

“I don’t think the school’s first place had Player’s abilities.”

Here too there was no one I knew.

There was not even one of the middle school classmates I knew.

I listened to the conversations close to the door, and then grabbed the closest student and spoke up.

“Hey.”

“… Uh? People from other classes are forbidden from entering. If you’re looking for someone, I’ll call them.”

“I’m from class 8.”

I showed my student ID.

[Jinsu Middle School’s 3rd year class 8 Jo Uisin]

The other party who looked at my student ID was startled and then nodded.

“What? Ah… Right. It seems you were there. Sorry.”

The eyes were blank, as if hypnotized.

“Okay. I have something to ask.”

“What?”

“Were our school uniforms this dowdy in the past?”

“No, it suddenly changed to be like this in our generation. Seniors were wearing normal things.”

Now I started to guess what happened to me.

After that, I returned to the teacher’s room and tried to speak up.

All teachers made bewildered faces.

They usually showed reaction like ‘Was there a person talented enough to go to Eungwang School in our school?’.

‘The homeroom teacher is also someone I don’t know.’

My homeroom teacher, who hastily returned from a business trip, was also a person I didn’t know, and the homeroom teacher also didn’t seem to know me.

The homeroom teacher pretended to know me and to be close, but it was very awkward.

As result of looking through the classroom and the teacher’s room, the records related to my middle school life was perfectly preserved.

However, all people reacted with ‘Thinking about it, was it there?’.

I confirmed everything I wanted to confirm.

“I think I should rest at home because I don’t feel so well. Can I leave early?”

While adding to talk anytime when there is a matter needing a guardian, the homeroom teacher gladly agreed.

While on my way to leave the teacher’s room, each teacher threw a word of praise and congratulations to me.

But even then, everyone’s memory of who I was, was vague, so they were confused.

My guess turned into certainty.

* * *

I left school and returned to the hillside slum’s compact room.

Did I really enter the game?

If not…

I knew someone, who possessed answers to those worries.

⟨Reading ‘Jo Uisin’ character data.⟩

[Name] Jo Uisin

[Titles] Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification, One of the Little Heroes

[Blessing] (Some loading failed.)

[Gwangrim] (sealed)

[Status] Normal

[Overall stats] Lv. 10

[Skills]

Use of Everything Lv. 1

Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification Exclusive Menu Lv. 1

Communication with the Transcendent Universe Lv. 1

Power of Fate Lv. 3

(Some loading failed.)

The moment I saw the titles, I almost cursed.

Thanks to Son Mingi, who quickly did an interview yesterday, becoming a ‘Little Hero’, I, the biggest contributor, got a third-wheel treatment.

‘Let’s endure for now, let’s endure.’

Anyhow, it would be difficult if I attracted attention right now, so it may be for the best.

I chose ‘Communication with the Transcendent Universe’ skill from the menu.

⟨Reading skill’s details.⟩

[Skill name] Communication with the Transcendent Universe

[Rarity] UR

[Skill level] 1

[Effect] Communication with the Transcendent Universe.

[Description]

Communication with the existence of all dimensions, all space-time, and all universe causes an enormous load on the body and soul of skill user.

In case the result of communication exceeds the skill user’s possible information acceptance capacity, the skill is canceled.

Communication with something which transcended dimensions, time, space and universe.

If I talked with the being which summoned me to this world, the answers would come out.

I was concerned about ‘enormous load’, but I wanted to confirm things before entering Eungwang School.

⟨Using the skill ‘Communication with the Transcendent Universe’.⟩

Uung.

I had a sensation of my brain rising into the sky.

In that sensation, the rising brain broke into pieces and scattered to different spaces, different times, different dimensions.

Following the brain, I myself was slowly turning into powder.

I hit my cheek with all my might.

Slap!

My palm and cheek throbbed.

Thanks to that I returned to my own self.

“I didn’t enter the game.”

Uuung.

There was no change.

However, my mind was dyed green[3] and breathing became a bit more comfortable.

The answer was positive.

“That game wreck was a screening process to select people to bring here, right?”

The unspeakable money invested into advertisement.

The operation spanning 10 years, even though the sales were close to 0.

The game, which didn’t reflect the user’s opinion even a bit.

When I looked back at it now, it was beyond strange.

‘If the Transcendent Universe was all-powerful being, there is no way I would be called.’

Because it could directly modify this world’s future.

Moreover, even when using the menu, excluding me, I couldn’t read the data of ordinary people besides the key people, who appeared in the game.

It was certain that the Transcendent Universe wasn’t all-powerful.

‘I get why I’m called ‘Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification’.’

⟨Warning, the excessive communication between the Transcendent Universe and Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification puts a load on the Suitable One.⟩

An iron smell suddenly rose through my throat.

“You, who can’t do anything besides limited interference, summoned me to a different dimension. And you left an empty spot for a ‘supporting character’ in this world. And through information modification matched the past with mine, and gave me a game-like power. To change the future.”

Because it was difficult to link words, completing the sentence was hard.

My vision was dyed bright green.

I felt my whole body pierced the sky and rised to the universe, and then plummeted to the ground again.

It wasn’t any kind of language, but I was certain that the other party affirmed all my words.

As if both my mind and my body were close to its limits, the corners of my mouth burned and blood dripped down.

⟨Warning, the body of the Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification reached its limits.⟩

⟨Limiting the Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification’s connection.⟩

I heard the system voice and then the unknown sensation that was dominating me disappeared.

⟨The Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification’s dimension understanding increased. The skill level of ‘Other Dimension Future Modification Exclusive Menu’ rose from 1 to 2.⟩

It seemed that all my guesses were correct.

I realized why I came to this world.

Because I knew this game very well?

Because I cleared the last chapter?

‘That would also be correct, but…’

The reason I came here.

It was because I most earnestly wished for a happy ending of this game.

It would because, the gamer, who would gladly replay this game, this world, for the sake of that happy ending, was me.

‘… Ah, the skill level rose, so I should check what changed.’

However, at the end of this thought, my vision turned pitch-black.

In the end, I passed out before I could check the menu.

* * *

It was 3 days later when I opened my eyes.

Because I didn’t drink a drop of water in the meantime, my lips were parched, and my head was spinning.

Perhaps it was a symptom of dehydration, the world looked black and white.

As I barely crawled to the kitchen and drank tap water mixed with a bit of salt and sugar, I came to my senses.

‘I had no idea I would collapse for 3 days after just a few seconds for a conversation.’

If I knew it would be like that, I would at least put out a blanket and then use the skill.

I took off and threw out the school uniform I was still wearing.

My whole was stiff, so taking off my clothes took a while.

As I changed into comfortable clothes, the discharged smartphone entered my eyes.

After connecting it to the charger and turning it on, records of calls and unread messages poured in.

Hong Gyubin and Jang Namuk.

Mostly those two were responsible for the message terror.

Hong Gyubin content was annoying ‘I made the bank deposit, so check it’, ‘I’ll buy you a meal, so come to the Player’s Association and show your face at least once’, ‘Is there anything you need perhaps?’.

Jang Namuk was nagging with ‘You aren’t receiving calls, did something happen?’, ‘Are you eating?’.

As I didn’t exactly have anything to say, I decided to postpone a reply.

When I was searching the cupboard if there is any ramen, a call came.

The name which appeared on the smartphone was Yu Sang-hun, who didn’t contact me even once after being discharged from hospital.

… I had a guess as to why he was calling.

Let’s accept Yu Sang-hun call.

“Hello?”

[It’s me. Jang Namuk said something that you aren’t picking up calls.]

“I was a bit busy. Why are you calling?”

[Ah… that.]

Yu Sang-hun’s words blurred.

“Is it because of Son Mingi?”

Yu Sang-hun didn’t deny.

* * *

Son Mingi was even more of a bastard than I thought.

Son Mingi led the Demonic Beast to attack Yu Sang-hun and murder him.

The issue of whether Jang Namuk and I were his victims was complicated, but Yu Sang-hun was certainly a victim.

‘I thought he would at least pretend to apologize to Yu Sang-hun.’

I didn’t expect that he would come out with ‘I’ll give you money if we reach consensus on the criminal case, so eat it up and drop it’, without any apology.

Yu Sang-hun’s family was furious, but because Son Mingi made the first move with an interview, they were in a disadvantageous situation.

“Can I and Uisin give a testimony?”

Jang Namuk didn’t hide his rage and spoke with agitation.

Inside the hanjeongsik[4] restaurant room, where Yu Sang-hun invited us.

Yu Sang-hun didn’t say a word besides greetings.

Yu Sang-hun’s parents-nim were also sparing with words, with complicated expressions.

Right now, the one leading the conversation in this place was Yu Sang-hun’s noona, Yu Sang-hui.

“Yeah. I’ll pay you a compensation if you request it. As the Gwangrim I possess is rare, if I became a Pro-Player, I can make quite a sum. And of course, I can help you in various ways as an Eungwang School’s senior.”

Her appearance, with loose hair and an elegant smile, was in contrast with her wailing and screaming at the hospital.

I knew one more of Yu Sang-hui’s faces.

⟨Reading ‘Yu Sang-hui’ character data.⟩

[Name] Yu Sang-hui

[Titles] Eungwang School’s 2nd year, Student Council secretary, Acea’s apprentice priest, Healing Frenzy[5]

[Blessing] Acea’s favor ‘I’ll lend You strength’

[Gwangrim] (inactive)

[Status] Normal

[Overall stats] Lv. 34

[Skills]

Healing Magic Lv. 5

Defense Barrier Lv. 3

Vital Point Strike Lv. 3

[Description]

Possesses an extremely rarely existing ability of the Healing category.

Uses part of the Goddess of Healing Acea’s authority with a Gwangrim thanks to receiving Acea’s blessing.

An amazing talent, who never left the top 10 overall grades rankings, while enrolled at Eungwang School.

Cherishes family.

‘The in-game Yu Sang-hui I know was completely different.’

In this world, besides Enemies and Jin people there were also so called ‘higher beings’.

Simply speaking, higher beings were ‘gods’.

The higher beings didn’t exist all the time like Jin people, but they interfered into this world through blessings, miracles, possessions, advents, divine revelations, etc.

Yu Sang-hui received a blessing of one of those higher beings, Goddess of Healing Acea.

‘The title of Yu Sang-hui in my memory was ‘Nemesis’ Contractor’.’

Yu Sang-hui made a contract with the Goddess of Revenge to triple her Gwangrim attack power against Demonic Beast species for the price of her life.

So Yu Sang-hui was the recommended character in the quests where Demonic Beast species appeared, as an ultimate weapon against the Demonic Beast kind in the game.

‘No… thinking about it, the setting behind her becoming a revenger was also put in the setting book. But because it was a setting after the in-game things I needed, I read it roughly and moved on.’

It said that Yu Sang-hui abandoned the precious blessing of Acea, and took the hand of the Goddess of Revenge Nemesis to annihilate the Demonic Beast species, which killed her dongsaeng.

‘That dongsaeng was Yu Sang-hun, huh?’

She, who hunted down Demonic Beasts with disheveled hair blowing in the wind, was gnawed by a Demonic Beast and died before graduating.

“Compensation won’t be necessary. I’ll testify to the end not matter how long the trial takes.”

Jang Namuk spoke strongly.

And then he looked at me, filled with expectation ‘You will naturally also do it, right?’.

I closed Yu Sang-hui’s status window and thought.

Son Mingi.

Press.

Public.

Hwang Myeong Foundation.

I organized moves in my head one after another.

The answer was decided.

“I won’t do that.”

Jang Namuk made a face of open disappointment, but Yu Sang-hui replied with a soft tone.

“Okay… Ah, thank you for saving this empty head. If Uisin wasn’t there, he would die.”

“Ah, what are you talking about? Jo Uisin, let’s eat.”

Yu Sang-hun opened his mouth for the first time, as if he really didn’t care about my refusal.

Even Yu Sang-hun’s parents-nim, who already thanked me a few times in the hospital, thanked me again, while giving me warm smiles.

However, my words didn’t end here.

“Please reach an agreement as quickly as possible. It would be best to do this today or tomorrow.”

“… Uh?”

The atmosphere became cold.

“Besides the agreement content, there also should be a condition about not revealing anything.”

After taking a sip of the green plum[6] tea, I continued.

“It would be good to raise settlement money by adding condition that I and Jang Namuk will also keep out mouths shut.”

“What?! I’ll testify!”

Jang Namuk shouted fiercely.

“It would be good that the forfeit in the clause about breaching the silence ban was two times… no, three times of the compensation money.”

If Yu Sang-hui could kill people with her gaze, I would have already died three times.

Yu Sang-hui’s eyes were filled with faint murder intent.

“You’re saying to take money and shut up now?”

“Yes.”

Yu Sang-hui’s gentle mask slipped and rough words come out of her mouth.

I endured Baek Ho-gun gaze.

And communicated with the Transcendent Universe.

There is no way that this degree of murder intent would shake me.

“If You can receive money when exacting revenge, You should do it, correct?”

Even taking compensation money would become a move to crumble Son Mingi.

*~*~*

[1] world’s most ungrateful — so 천하 (cheon-ha) refers to all things under heaven, but it also could mean ‘Heavenly River’ referring to the galaxy/Milky Way. So you could interpret this as ‘ungrateful to Heavenly River’. 천하 (cheon-ha) could also refer to the underworld/world of the dead…

[2] Jinsu — Many, many meanings… In random order: ‘essence/core’, ‘ceremonial ship launching’, ‘to cultivate/to become better than before’, ‘a rare and precious animal’, ‘stationing of the army to protect strategically important place’, ‘quantity of everything’, ‘Twenty-eight constellations of Twenty-Eight Mansions’, ‘pure water’, ‘stars of all constellations’, ‘protecting border, ‘pretty appearance’, ‘delicious and very precious food’. Also, among many hanja for ‘su’ it could also mean ‘prisoner’.

[3] green — this word could also mean blue.

[4] hanjeongsik — 한정식, Korean table d’hotea, a full course meal of traditional Korean dishes. Also, 한정 (hanjeong) is a homonym for a ‘limit/restriction’.

[5] Healing Frenzy — ‘Frenzy’ can mean madness here or ‘wild winds’.

[6] green plum — 매실 (maesil), Prunus mume Plum blossom’s fruit before it’s fully ripe.

Translator’s note: To new readers. Read Jo Uisin’s communication with Transcendent Universe very very carefully. Because this is how this novel hides things under your nose. You probably won’t be able to notice it (it’s very hard to notice without prior knowledge or spending a lot of time with this novel), so just keep this advice in mind: Never, under any circumstances, believe what Jo Uisin is saying. This bastard will omit, downplay, lie or be completely delusional about some things. His narration is as reliable as Herodatus is a reliable historian.

3. Unknown Supernova (3)

“Okay, got it.”

Yu Sang-hun immediately nodded.

Yu Sang-hui and Jang Namuk stared at Yu Sang-hun with astonished faces.

“Hey, Yu Sang-hun!”

Yu Sang-hui’s gentle mask completely slipped and shouted.

Jang Namuk turned from Yu Sang-hun to Yu Sang-hui with an astonished face.

“I’ll do as Jo Uisin said.”

“There isn’t such fucking hogu[1] even among hogus. Did you forget that you almost died?”

Even though Yu Sang-hui poured a fierce condemnation, Yu Sang-hui looked at me, adding just one more word.

“Explain it so other people also understand, Jo Uisin.”

The gazes of all the people in the room poured towards me.

I had no idea if Yu Sang-hun read my thoughts or just trusted me, but I decided to explain my thinking.

“Son Mingi is currently treated as a hero. And the three of us are right now treated as second fiddles, who survived thanks to Son Mingi’s sacrifice. In fact, it isn’t wrong, correct?”

Son Mingi lost his right arm and right leg because of the item I threw.

Whether he said he threw his body for his friends or something during the interview, it had an preemptive effect.

Currently, Son Mingi looked like the main hero of a teen hero drama.

“After we, who were uninjured, testify, we would look like nothing but defaming Son Mingi, who became a star, out of jealousy. In such case, we have to secure objectivity with the help of Eungwang School’s Hwang Myeong Foundation or Player’s Association, but in the current situation, neither of them would step out.”

Player’s Association’s goals everywhere were ‘Enemy’s subjugation’ and ‘Player’s protection’.

The Association had no authority or duty to step out against them for the middle schoolers, who weren’t registered as official Players.

That day, though Hong Gyubin came to find me, it was because it was related to the unregistered Player’s subjugation of wanted Enemy.

‘Hwang Myeong Foundation is in a difficult position to move.’

Son Mingi’s topic was receiving as much attention as the security problem of Eungwang School, which was operated by Hwang Myeong Foundation.

The only people, who would give an opinion that ‘It’s amazing that it ended with this degree of interference with a Jin as an opponent’, were Players, or a small amount of people well-versed in current affairs.

For the world, only the fact that the middle schoolers, who came to take the entrance exam for the highschool with the highest entrance level in Korean Republic, almost died.

“With a good luck, we will get a warrant and the recordings of the practical exam will be confirmed if the investigation goes well. However, Son Mingi is a middle schooler. A middle schooler who panicked in front of a Jin’s familiar. If he just pretends to reflect in court, even though he attempted murder, it will end with his probation.”

The Clash of Different Worlds happened, but this was Korea.

Teenage rights leaned towards the perpetrator rather than the victim.

Because favorability towards perpetrators under the perpetrator rehabilitation and human rights protection, rather than the embodiment of justice, was rampant.

Especially in teen’s perpetrator cases, sympathy fraud using the age shield was easy.

If the perpetrator had money, they would easily manipulate public opinion using press.

Some of the public intoxicate themselves by offering merciful hearts towards perpetrators.

“Son Mingi threw an article to the press within a day. He would already have connections with the press. If we fight fairly, we will get hurt a lot in the process and it will take a long time. The chances of winning are low and even if we win, it’s a fight with more losses than gain.”

As I spoke long, my throat hurt.

Even in the Rinoseron battle, I didn’t speak this much.

I swallowed the entire plum tea, which cooled down completely, to moisturize my throat.

The lukewarm plum tea was bitter.

Even though I stopped speaking dozens of seconds ago, the room was quiet.

I decided to get to the conclusion[2].

“First, reach the agreement, please. And then…”

* * *

Son Mingi’s side accepted the agreement immediately.

Son Mingi became a star overnight.

Sacrificial mindset, which gave up his arms and legs to a Demonic Beast for his friends.

Background as a pre-Eungwang School’s student.

Above average looks.

Thanks to such conditions, Son Mingi was receiving love calls from entertainment companies in recent days.

I guess they thought that if he became a star Player, hundred of units of compensation money put out right now was nothing.

‘Rather, they would be thinking that it will hold his ankle if the past records explode after he succeeds.’

They even raised compensation, to ensure a perfect silence ban.

After a suggestion that if they raise the compensation even more, they could shut the mouths of Jang Namuk and me, they agreed straight away.

In exchange, Son Mingi’s side suggested in the case where the agreement of secrecy is broken, three times the compensation money would be paid as a penalty.

As the result, the agreement ended with putting up a compensation that was difficult for even Son Mingi’s side, which operated several companies, to pay.

“Greedy fuckers.”

Son Mingi didn’t hold back even though we were sitting among lawyers and guardians.

After the signing up of the agreement ended, Son Mingi, who appeared on a wheelchair and didn’t say a word, revealed his true colors straight away.

Once the agreement was reached, unless there was a special clause in the contract, the parties couldn’t change their stances.

‘I expected that, but I guess he was waiting until we signed it.’

Jang Namuk, who was sitting with me, was pissed and was about to say something, so I stabbed him in the ribs to make him shut his mouth.

Even Jang Namuk was like this, so if we brought Yu Sang-hui, she would throw a tantrum.

“Are you really okay, Yu Sang-hun?”

Jang Namuk spoke to Yu Sang-hun, who looked completely absentminded.

Yu Sang-hun calmly replied.

“Ye. Right now Jo Uisin’s expression is exactly the same as when he talked about the strategy.”

What kind of expression was I making?

I checked my appearance reflected in the window, but it was no different from my usual face.

* * *

Currently, I had a one-on-one appointment with the Hwang Myeong Foundation’s chairman and was heading to Eungwang School.

A mere student wasn’t a person who could easily meet him, but when Jegal Jaegeol requested it, a permission came down straight away.

“Chairman-nim said He also wanted to talk to you in person.”

Excluding the school principal and vice principal, the head of school affairs, Jegal Jaegeol had the most opportunity to come into contact with the chairman.

I was lucky that day to receive Jegal Jaegeol’s contact information.

In the worst case, I would have to contact him through Hong Gyubin.

“Thank You for arranging it.”

“There is no need, I did nothing but one call.”

After around 1 minute of riding an air shuttle with Jegal Jaegeol at school.

As if we’re using a visitor route, the school buildings and facilities were almost invisible.

I merely saw air shuttles and people riding on air board, swooshing past.

It was an opportunity to see the in-game scenery with my own eyes, but it was a pity.

After exam, I wasn’t in my right mind.

‘Anyhow, I’ll see it so many times when going to school that I will get sick of it, so isn’t it fine?’

When I had such thought, the shuttle stopped in front of the Eungwang Highschool’s main building, ‘Silver Light (Eunhwi) Building[3]’.

White building supported on shining golden pillars, gracefully curved towards the sky.

Because of the glass windows covering the outside walls reflecting the sunlight, it seemed like the building itself was emitting light.

‘It’s like game CG.’

After passing a corridor from natural marble[4], while bursting with admiration inside, I saw the sign reading ‘Chairman Office’ at the side of the door engraved with a tiger.

“I’m currently working, so contact me when you finish the conversation.”

Even though he was working, he came out to pick up a middle-schooler he saw once and was thinking of sending him off?

I tried to thank him again, but Jegal Jaegeol already turned around and was walking away.

Chairman was absent because the meeting with the Player Association took longer than planned.

“My apologies. The chariman-nim is currently absent.”

The secretary invited me to sit down and wait and served me coffee.

The mahogany hardwood sofa and table painted with golden dust, and bona china coffee cup painted with enameling technique, caught an eye.

In this space, everything, starting from the furniture was giving off an imposing aura.

‘This may be a part of the chairman’s test.’

Hwang Myeong Foundation’s chairman Hwang Myeong-ho was an eccentric who enjoyed observing and testing people.

If I didn’t catch his eye, my plans and future school life would be difficult.

“Thank You.”

I gave short thanks and comfortably sat down on the sofa.

The secretary smiled with a face that one didn’t know what she was thinking.

“Chairman-nim should arrive within 10 minutes.”

After seeing that smile, I had an abrupt thought.

Even in the game, she was smiling like this behind the chairman.

If she appeared in the game, wouldn’t I be able to check her character information?

But…

⟨Character not registered in the database. Character information cannot be read.⟩

The same as with the students and teachers I met at the middle school, her character information couldn’t be checked.

‘Hwang Myeong-ho’s secretary didn’t have even one line in the game, but she clearly appeared. However, she wasn’t registered.’

Hwang Myeong-ho’s secretary wasn’t a character in the setting book.

It was only mentioned that chairman Hwang Myeong-ho has a secretary.

Was I perhaps unable to read the character information if the character didn’t play a big role in the future observed by Transcendent Universe, or in other words, in the game?

This guess led to a bit of a terrifying prediction.

‘Because several people, who should have died, survived, the future already changed a lot. Someday, an opponent I completely can’t confirm information about may appear.’

Even so, there was nothing I could do about it.

Could I leave the punks like Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun to die because I was scared of the butterfly effect?

I couldn’t do that.

“Student Uisin.”

After I raised my head, chairman[5] Hwang Myeong-ho was standing there.

His hair showed some traces of time, but he looked so healthy I couldn’t believe he was in his sixties.

No, he wasn’t in his sixties.

‘Because chairman Hwang Myeong-ho is a Jin.’

What’s more, he was a Myth category Ho, who survived for over 5 thousand years, since he was inscribed in the founding myth.

⟨Reading ‘Hwang Myeong-ho’ character data.⟩

[Name] Hwang Myeong-ho

[Title] Hwang Myeong Foundation’s chairman, Myth category Ho tribe member, Hwang-ho (Yellow tiger) of the Gaecheon Myth, Guardian[6] of Divine Realm

[Blessing] ‘Heavenly God gladly granted a wish’

[Gwangrim] (inactive)

[Status] Normal

[Overall stats] Lv. ??

[Skills]

Leap Lv. ??

Brilliant Gaze Lv. ??

Roar Lv. ??

(Some loading failed.)

[Description]

Hwang-ho appearing in the Gaecheon Myth.

He received authority to ‘be able to exist anywhere’ from the Heavenly God.

If located on the ground touched by the Heavenly God’s blessing, his self can exist in any place he wants, anywhere.

He volunteered as a guardian of the divine realm, where Baek-ho was locked up and Heavenly God permitted it.

(Some loading failed.)

Even in the setting book majority of Jin people were marked as (unknown), but as expected, that applied here as well.

I thought that details didn’t come out in the setting book because the majority of Jin people weren’t Playable Characters.

‘Perhaps because of the power Jin people possess, the Transcendent Universe’s analysis couldn’t be carried out perfectly.’

But Hwang Myeong-ho was a bit of a special case even among the Jin people because of the authority he received from the Heavenly God.

“Hello.”

“Okay. Sit down.”

I stood up and gave a polite greeting.

After Hwang Myeong-ho sat down across from me, he smiled at me and offered me a seat again.

“I watched well student Uisin’s performance. The ability to analyze the situation, the ability to act based on that analysis, and the ability to improvise in unforeseen circumstances, were all outstanding. We’re happy that we can welcome an outstanding student like student Uisin at our school, eh?”

Wrinkles adored the soft face following the smile.

If I didn’t know his identity, he would just look like a good-natured grandpa in a high position.

While I was worrying how I should bring it up, the one to make the first move was Hwang Myeong-ho’s side.

“Are you here to make a request about student Son Mingi’s case?”

Hwang Myeong-ho had a good-natured smile just like before.

I couldn’t understand what Hwang Myeong-ho was thinking in the game.

No matter what kind of tragedy occurred, Hwang Myeong-ho didn’t move easily.

He only used his authority to observe.

“There is a video record of students’ entire practical exam, but we don’t plan on releasing it without a warrant.”

Even when the pure white Silver Light (Eunhwi) Building was dyed red with blood.

Even in the moment when Baek Ho-gun, his kin and close friend, who he spent over 5000 years together, was dying, Hwang-ho didn’t appear.

‘In fact, one of the twists I anticipated in the last chapter was that Hwang-ho would suddenly appear to aid Baek Ho-gun.’

As at some point, he didn’t appear at all by the game standards, so he didn’t show his face even in the last chapter.

“The director board is trying to end this controversy as fast as possible.”

I couldn’t understand Hwang-ho, but I certainly knew one of his action principles.

Curiosity.

If not for it, there is no way that a mere middle schooler would be able to have a one on one meeting with the chairman.

“It’s not what I came to request.”

If I show something Hwang Myeong-ho wants, the curiosity, the unexpected, he would accept.

“I came to request that You don’t cover Son Mingi’s medical fees at all.”

His eyes shined a bit.

“… That’s the end?”

“Yes. Besides that, I’ll follow chairman board’s decision.”

The directors of the director board knew Hwang Myeong-ho’s identity.

If Hwang Myeong-ho said to do it, no director would refuse in the end without risking their life.

At my words, Hwang Myeong-ho’s face turned excited.

Hwang Myeong-ho’s wrinkles grew deeper.

“If so, there is one condition.”

Condition?

“Join class 0.”

Class 0.

A special class, commonly called class 0, was a place where famous problem children, or students that teachers had to pay special attention to, were gathered under the excuse of ‘students with high hidden potential’.

‘Even if the latter is true, the former is a problem’.

Even though they caused a problem, they had the ability to cover those problems and to join Korean Republic most prestigious high school.

Joining the class 0 was no different from embracing the time bombs that you didn’t know when would explode.

Even so, my answer was decided.

* * *

Three days later after making a deal with Hwang Myeong-ho.

The topic of ‘Little hero’, which was dying down a bit, exploded again.

‘Hwang Myeong-ho moved, huh?’

I unfolded a hologram with the earring-type wearable device I bought with the bounty money.

I sprayed the particles in the air and while practicing the wearable device usage to make holograms in the shape of a screen, I opened a few kinds of portal sites’ main news sections at the same time and read them.

[Eungwang School Hwang Myeong Foundation refuses to pay the ‘Little Hero’ Son Mingi’s medical bills]

[Player insurance doesn’t apply to ‘Little Hero’ Son Mingi… the treatment bills only will be over 2 millions]

[Tragedy of the ‘Little Hero’, who tried to save his friends and went bankrupt]

[Korean Republic most prestigious high school’s true colors, changing their words before even a week passes]

[Hwang Myeong Foundation changes their words, ‘In the middle of figuring out related details’]

While several articles came out, Son Mingi’s parents decided to appear on TV and gave an interview.

— They changed their words overnight, the foundation’s official came to us and said there is no need to worry about any medical bills, and to just use recovery items and only think of recovering fast. We were sorry that the school’s security completely failed, but now we can’t afford the hospital bills, so he can’t receive any further treatment or be discharged. We heard that the limb recovery surgery will only cost dozens of millions…

I checked the comments under related articles.

[Everyone in Korean Republic knows that Hwang Myeong Foundation is super rich tsk tsk they really are more fuckers]

[Eungwang School has a school insurance, so the insurance company would pay medical bills from the incidents that occurred at school. Even so, they are saying they won’t pay it.]

[Eungwang School stocks are plummeting good work that’s why I’m not going to Eungwang School]

[↑not going X can’t go O]

[Korea most prestigious high school does such power tripping. That’s too sad. I’m ashamed!]

Under articles related to the medical bills, an idea to gather donation funds for Son Mingi came up.

[I’m collecting support funds for the middle schooler hero Son Mingi-gun, who fought against a Demonic Beast for his friends and became disabled.]

[Student Son Mingi stay strong. It’s a little donation, but I’m going to support You.]

[Donated.]

[Those,,,rottenbast*ards~~~!!! Mingi-ah,, I’m supporting you. STAY STRONG!!!]

[I plan to hold a 1-person protest in front of Eungwang School… If Anyone is thinking of protesting, I think we can form a group.]

One or two days after the articles were published.

Even though time passed, the Hwang Myeong Foundation didn’t reveal its stance.

When the press attention reached it’s peak, and citizens made a protest group and put on the demonstration notice in front of Eungwang School.

A video with a dark gym in the background was published on the public airwaves broadcast.

*~*~*

[1] hogu — a pushover, a very naive and amiable person.

[2] get to the conclusion — literally: ‘write the conclusion’.

[3] Silver Light (Eunhwi) Building — The word ‘Eunhwi 은휘’ based on different hanja, would mean ‘to hide, to conceal’. 輝 hanja for 휘 hwi here beside meaning light/to shine/ to illuminate, could also mean ‘morning sunlight’.

[4] marble — 대리석(daeliseok 大理石) a popular name for marble used here, it itself comes from the main source of popularization of marble in Korea, the Dali Kingdom. But when I first looked at the hanja I thought it mean Great King of Stones or something like that x.x Also, I usually don’t note western references, because it’s something you can look up yourself and be better informed than from my short note, but this I have to mention. Did you know that the origin of word marble, Marmors means ‘shining stone’?

[5] chairman — ah, it’s time I believe. So chairman is 이사장 (isajang) in Korean. 이사 (isa), which means director, has many curious homonyms like: ‘moving to another place’, ‘two Buddhist teachers who led foolish to enlightenment (also referring to two Buddhas, but I’m not sure who they are exactly)’, ‘outstanding scholar/extraordinary person’, ‘word referring to both mud and sand’, ‘bizarre thing/case’, ‘event which already passed, ‘house where earth god/spirit resides in a village’, ‘sad thought when separating’, ‘to order around’, ‘During Joseon period, the highest official of the crown prince office’. 장 (jang) is the same word as chapter, some of its homonyms were explained in the 1st note of the 1st chapter.

[6] guardian — 수호 (su-ho) could also mean amity (between countries) or the first sequence/volume/room.

Translator’s note: Oh Hwang-ho… Why can’t you have normal blessing and have at least one simple thing about you.

3. Unknown Supernova (4)

In the dark gym, with the ominous sound of a Demonic Beast and the barrier clashing, the distorted voice of a student was heard.

The face was mosaic, but thanks to it covering only the eyes, any person who saw the recent news would know straight away who that student was.

It was the middle schooler, who became an over-night star not a long time ago as the ‘Little Hero’.

That Little Hero was pointing an item card at the student, who couldn’t move because he was injured when covering him.

— It’s different if there is a living and moving bait, right? Won’t the Jin and that familiar be satisfied if three people die? Baits-ah.

— You’re thinking of using ■■■ as a bait? ■■■ was hurt to save you. You fucker who doesn’t know gratitude!

— Gratitude? Get real. Were you playing the middle school? You too are a winner bastard who came this far by stepping on others’ grades.

The Little Hero used the item card to tie up the injured student.

* * *

The Hwang Myeong Foundation’s director board, which suffered attacks from the public, decided to release a video.

The position of the Hwang Myeong Foundation’s director board was as follows:

‘The director board, which belatedly confirmed the student in question’s heinous actions, decided to refuse to cover the medical bills and such, and to solve the public misunderstanding, they decided to release a video.’

Belatedly confirmed.

‘For someone who knew everything, but tried to bury it and move on, they change their stance like a knife.’

Hwang Myeong Foundation provided the processed video to the press in advance.

The eyes of the people, who appeared in the video, were covered with mosaic, and the parts where names were shouted were erased.

And perhaps they wanted to avoid another controversy, or Hwang Myeong-ho was considerate towards me, but the scene where I used my hand against Son Mingi was cut out.

After the Hwang Myeong Foundation released the processed video, public opinion turned upside down in an instant.

Each news company put their archon’s comments and captions, and released it on their regular broadcasts.

After that, the news companies published the video on their web video channels, and the videos got a million hits in an instant.

The Little Hero Son Mingi, became Son Meatjig[1].

The articles related to Son Mingi were overflowing with comments denouncing Son Meatjig.

[Little Hero? ㅋㅋㅋ[2] It’s just Son Meatjig, right?]

[Son Min Gi Son Meat Jig]

[He was saved and then tried to use the hurt kid as bait?? Today Demons earn one loss[3]. Devil species[4] earns one loss. Beware Player bast*rds blessed by Satan~~~~]

[100% super shivers;;; a fucker worse than Enemy]

[Hwang Myeong Foundation’s people-nim-ah… Please don’t pay this fucker hospital bills. Please. That money can be used for an expansive lawyer, You know?… I’m too angry…]

[give money here, get hogu certificate]

Son Mingi’s side responded immediately.

They didn’t appear in regular broadcasts or in the key newspapers, but articles in support of Son Mingi started to be released occasionally.

[‘Little Hero’s’ tears, ‘I was scared, I’m sorry for my friends.’]

[Hwang Myeong Foundation’s security hole pierced, young elites driven into the corner]

[Video released without approval of the person concerned ‘Little Hero’. Complaint warning about defamation charge]

Public opinion already turned its back a long time ago by now.

He almost killed a person to live.

That fact might easily cheat out of sympathy votes.

Because of it, all arrows could be pointed at Hwang Myeong Foundation.

But the public wouldn’t forgive Son Mingi who dared to deceive them and act like a hero.

[Take out all that detestability and be shameless]

[Summary: Give us money]

[School’s protection duty?? Defamation charge?? ㅋㅋㅋㅋ The school kindly put a mosaic on everyone and changed all Your voices before releasing, and before You entered the exam grounds, You signed the oath, which stated that the school holds no responsibility ㅋㅋㅋ You self-served yourself doxing during the interview as*holes ㅋㅋㅋ]

[I looked up the name of the reporter who wrote the news with the interview about XX accusation. Reporter-nim, how much did You get for this?]

[Look closely at the article. It’s not ‘accusation’, but ‘complaint’, and it isn’t ‘defamation charge’, it’s ‘warning about defamation charge’. They’re testing waters, because they’re getting anxious.]

And the next day.

The web community was swarmed with comments bringing revelations about Son Mingi.

On the school side, it was ‘pushing the academic records’ by manipulating Son Mingi grades to send him to Eungwang School.

The person who wrote the revelations revealed that they had two or three subjects they were better than Son Mingi, but when they checked the rankings per subject, Son Mingi and their places were swapped.

There were people, who suspected the manipulation.

But the moment the suspicions of manipulation came out, the person who wrote the comment with revelations, published their student ID and a screenshot of the message with Son Mingi’s confession.

Because Son Mingi was overconfident in his backing, it seemed he blackmailed them with ‘If that fact is made public, I’ll make you unable to go to highschool’.

‘If Son Mingi falls, I expected that the people, which Son Mingi ‘stepped on grades’ of, would naturally shoot support, but…’

I didn’t know it would be this much.

[A student from the same school as Son Meatjig, who got disadvantageous grades because of Son Meatjig, made a comment. Three lines summary. 1. Son Meatjig’s backing + school manipulated Son Meatjig grades. 2. Son Meatjig’s confession, blackmail 3. Son Meatjig is fucking dogshit]

[Isn’t that a crime? Murder attempt, grades manipulation equal to assault, and even blackmail! I hope he goes to prison!]

[All of it was committed by a 16 year old. How the hell many people would be sacrificed if he wasn’t caught and was raised as the elite from the Korean Republic Most Prestigious Highschool? Terrifying.]

After that, no more news supporting Son Mingi was published.

And the public wasn’t only cursing Son Mingi.

His parents, who directly revealed their faces to the media to play a part in Son Mingi’s deception, caught a spark.

[The People, curious about the faces of the parents of that disgusting Son Meat Jing, can see them on the news again^^]

[I worked at Son Meatjig’s dad company and will share the story of quitting]

[I put a link address to Son Meatjig’s company site~~~~ Whether you want some schadenfreude or not~~~~ Kuehehe~~~~ Spit!]

[Anyhow, it’s ruined here because they completely turned to the irregular work positions, but no one has plans for an employee position. I can’t share the details, but Son Meatjig… Um… If you plant soy, you get soy, and if you plant beans you get beans[5], right?]

Son Mingi’s parents ran a company that sold consumables used by Players to the Player’s Association and Pro-Player team.

After the company name was leaked, comments demanding to cut off trade with Son Mingi’s parents’ company poured on the Player Association and Pro-Player teams’ homepages.

And the fund-raising to support Son Mingi had its leading member disappear at some point, and it had to be dropped.

The anger of the people, who participated in fund-raising, turned towards Son Mingi’s family.

[Spit out donations you family of lying fuckers]

[I got hooked by Son Meatjig and posted so many comments… I even donated. I think I’ll curl up because of embarrassment.]

[↑Curling up. With me too ㅠㅠ]

[Son Meatjig hogu[6] donators embarrassment suicide. Isn’t the Han River water cold in December? I’ll test it first and tell you.]

[Don’t you know about Player teams residing around the Han River? The Han River suicide difficulty is hell.]

[I made a café to take refund action for the fraud Son Meatjig donations. We’re currently discussing the future responses… Please join the cafe.]

Around a week after the video was released.

Son Mingi was completely driven into the corner because of financial problems.

If one combined all the settlement money, hospital bills, expenses on an attorney consultation and bribes for the media companies executives, it would be billions.

In addition, their whole company was boycotted, and it was uncertain whether they would be able to renew the supply contracts next year.

Naturally, there would be no surplus money for the arms and legs restoration surgery.

Moreover, all highschools Son Mingi applied to refused his admission, naturally including the Eungwang School.

Son Mingi ended up as a middle school graduated left only with debt.

Son Mingi completely crumbled at the end of December.

Around the time the topic of Son Ming’s settled down, the attention turned in a bit of a different direction.

[The biggest contributor Jo-ssi? Ju-ssi? Why aren’t you saying anything? Son Meatjig blackmail sus.]

[I smell Son Meatjig’s blackmail GLuck]

[Thinking about it now, v strange. Other kids are fine, so why he alone is hurt? Why the biggest contributor chosen by the PlayerSAT-K is treated like air?]

[But why he ended up hurt? ㅋㅋ Seems like a threatened them like a foul and then poured it at himself.]

[Biggest contributor is in our class! I’m from jsMiddle School 3rd year class 8 kk He doesn’t come to school, as if this matter is very difficult ㅜㅜ;]

[Isn’t he just trying to stay loyal? In the first half of the teen-crime video, where they were discarded by Son Meatjig, they were awesome when jumping around.]

Because of our matter, Son Mingi was attacked again, but he couldn’t play with the press about seeking an amiable agreement.

Because if the agreement details were revealed, he would have to pay three times of settlement money as a penalty.

I, who was monitoring the key articles and comments, while the situation progressed, closed the hologram with satisfaction.

As planned.

No, it ended better than planned.

* * *

“These days, I read the news and comments daily. And I scrap all comments, which gave me a deep impression. Every time I have a hard time, I’ll read them again.”

In Yu Sang-hun’s room, Yu Sang-hui smiled gently towards us who came to play, and showed us a hologram.

“They call day after day. It was satisfying at first, but now it’s annoying. He said he wants to apologize and put a picture on SNS of the four of you being friendly…? It was his arms and legs which were cut off, so why behaving like he lost his brain instead?”

With her long hair flowing down and basking in the sunlight, Yu Sang-hui looked pure, worthy of the priest of the healing goddess.

But the content of her words was bloody.

Jang Namuk drank the apple[7] juice served to him by Yu Sang-hun, without showing any particular reaction.

I guess he got accustomed to Yu Sang-hui now.

“I didn’t give you guys’ contact information. I’m playing with him, while pretending to hesitate, so don’t’ worry.”

Yu Sang-hui put down all the juice cups and snacks and walked up in front of me with a refreshing smile.

“Thank you, Uisin-ah. It’s all thanks to you. I’m sorry I couldn’t trust you from the beginning. I’ll make sure to repay this debt.”

“No. I actually didn’t do anything.”

“How humble. Don’t argue. Now that I’m Uisin’s senior, be comfortable and call me Sang-hui noona.”

Yu Sang-hui smiled towards me brightly.

Yu Sang-hun, who watched it from the side, made a face as if he saw a Demonic Beast.

“Ack, you ‘Sang-hui noona’?”

Peuk!

Yu Sang-hui’s hand struck Yu Sang-hun’s back.

Yu Sang-hun didn’t react as if it hurt, but his complexion turned somewhat pale.

… Yu Sang-hui’s Vital Point Strike skill was level 3.

Wouldn’t the injuries around there worsen again?

“Then go play well. Call if you need anything.”

After Yu Sang-hui left, I plopped on the room floor, in a comfortable position.

As I plopped roughly, my back touched a basketball, which was in Yu Sang-hun’s room.

I tapped the basketball, which was rolling everywhere, while speaking:

“Then why did we gather here today? A vacation celebration?”

We exchanged messages in the group chatroom, but it was the first time we gathered offline after signing up the agreement.

I was skipping school, but those two were faithfully attending school, so there was no time to meet.

“And to congratulate you. ‘Unknown Supernova-nim’.”

Where did they learn it?

“I saw it on the Player’s Association’s official homepage. You were recorded as a Player, who subjugated a wanted Enemy.”

Yu Sang-hun added, looking at my face and probably reading my mind.

While Son Mingi’s downfall was in progress, I went back and forth the Player’s Association.

Because there was no precedent of a 16 year old ordinary person, who wasn’t recorded in the PlayerSAT-K subjugating a wanted Enemy, they said a problem occurred in the record management.

I hated to leave my real name, so I decided to receive beforehand the Player alias decided arbitrarily based on the activities by the PlayerSAT-K.

The result of that was Unknown Supernova.

Hong Gyubin said…

‘Because it was an action played by an ordinary person with no record, who couldn’t even use Gwangrim, and still a young middle schooler, it suits you.’

I didn’t like sly Hong Gyubin, but the nuance of the alias itself wasn’t bad.

Currently, I was a pre Player Unknown Supernova, but in a few days I would automatically become an official Player when turning 17[8].

“Okay, thanks. You and Jang Namuk will also become official Players in a few days, so is there a need to trouble yourself with congratulating?”

“It’s also a vacation, so it has a double purpose.”

“You called to congratulate, right?”

“Let’s play a game.”

“Hey.”

I and Yu Sang-hun continued a useless chitchat.

While taking out a controller for the fighting game[9], Jang Namuk suddenly dropped a bomb.

“I decided not to go to Eungwang School. I’ll go to the Player Military Academy Highschool and become a soldier.”

“What?”

“What?!”

At that completely unexpected development, I and Yu Sang-hun opened our mouths wide.

Behind the glasses, Jang Namuk’s eyes filled with determination, shined.

“In the first place, I sign up to Eungwang School because of my grades. I had no plans ‘I’ll make sure to go to Eungwang School’ from the beginning.”

You mean you tried to get into Korea Republic most prestigious highschool because of grades?

If the two millions of highschool students of Korea Republic heard this, Jang Namuk would become an assassination contract target or had a bounty put on his head.

But Jang Namuk’s voice was serious, and I heard some sadness in it.

“I don’t have the courage to throw my body like you, Sang-hun, and I can’t make a strategy like you, Uisin. I could do nothing but move according to the strategy and shout to run away.”

“The world is overflowing with fuckers who can’t do even this.”

“There are cases like Son Mingi, right. I also couldn’t make a scheme like Uisin, and couldn’t even trust Uisin like you, Sang-hun.”

“Jang Namuk…”

Yu Sang-hun noticeably wanted to stop Jang Namuk.

But Jang Namuk shook his head while speaking firmly.

“I just have good grades and superpowers, so I applied to Eungwang School. I used to think that my career’s hope is to join a Pro Player team, but I actually have no career hopes or goals.”

“Where is a middle schooler who has a proper career hope? If someone asked me, I would just roughly answer president.”

“Even so, you want to become a Player at the Eungwang School. I’m not like that.”

Yu Sang-hun closed his mouth, as if he couldn’t follow with anything more to say.

“Eungwang School educational philosophy, which values freedom, doesn’t suit me. Even if I go to Eungwang School, I’ll only hold you back like now.”

Jang Namuk was a bastard so sincere it was frightening.

Jang Namuk’s words continued.

“However I also want to become someone who helps other people and can protect them. To learn it, I plan to go to the Military Academy and grow to become a soldier.”

For him to speak this much, meant that he probably worried about it every day after that incident.

What should I say to him here?

Advice from the experiences in the military?
