“I’m going to the bathroom for a bit.”

“Uh.”

Hearing Maeng Hyodon’s insincere reply, I examined my surroundings.

‘Give me some warning and then pop out! Should I use Player’s Trajectory or…!’

Then something caught my eye.

In the quiet corridor before the classroom was a very unnaturally moving cherry blossom petal.

The cherry blossom petal which was much redder than usual, lightly moved up and down as it swayed before my eyes.

‘It looks like it’s signaling me to follow it.’

I made up my mind to follow after the cherry blossom petal.

It leisurely floated in the air, moving forward in the corridor without even a bit of wind.

As if I was the only one seeing it, students sometimes bumped into it, but they remained completely unaware of it.

Like this, the place we ended up arriving at was a traditional history classroom at the end of the 1st year building, 2nd floor corridor.

‘Thankfully this classroom isn’t frequently used and no one is here, because it’s before the day-start meeting.’

Traditional paintings on Korean paper hung on the walls, and under the walls were dozens of mannequins wearing various hanboks[2] made of silk, calico, fine gauze, hangra[3] and other traditional fabrics.

At the side I saw commoners’ clothing, official clothing of the army and official ceremonial clothing and even royal robes. In the opened mother-of-pearl cabinet I could see a pen and ink boxes engraved with dragons and tigers.

‘Such an investment into a classroom that isn’t even particularly used?’

The red cherry blossom petal clinged to the sliding lattice window and disappeared as if melting.

‘Is this the destination?’

The lattice window was slightly opened.

I killed my presence and quietly moved closer to the window.

‘Do you want to show me this?’

Under the window were Sawol Seeum and Yeom Junyeol.

As it was quiet around, their voices reached up to here.

“Senior Yeom Junyeol really isn’t Red Wall Thief-nim.”

“… Yeah. I’m also looking for Red Wall Thief.”

In the instant, my hands, legs, space and time shrunk.

The two were chanting that shameful title I wanted to forget.

‘Did the Power of Fate activate to let me hear this!?’

I guess Yeom Junyeol was investigating to find Red Wall Thief.

With the Red Lion’s information power, he would find Sawol Seeum’s name on the auction list and guess that Sawol Seeum who disappeared was rescued by Red Wall Thief.

‘Why is Yeom Junyeol searching for Red Wall Thief?’

Did he want to sue me for the crime of impersonation?

“Senior Yeom Junyeol, why are you searching for Red Wall Thief-nim?”

Sawol Seeum asked on my behalf.

“I want to ask Red Wall Thief to become my master[4].”

This was something I couldn’t expect.

“Master…? I heard that senior Yeom Junyeol masters-nim are his father Ruler of Red Flames Yeom Bangyeol-nim and one of the members of the Yong tribe.”

“I guess Red Wall Thief really looks like me. As it seems you investigated me.”

The color drained from Sawol Seeum’s face as if he thought he made a slip of a tongue and he covered his mouth.

It’s okay. Because, after all, it seemed that my imitation of Yeom Junyeol was already discovered.

“No worries. If I knew about the Fantasy Auction, I would do the same. Though dad and the Yong tribe members would probably stop me, so it would be difficult to go in person.”

Yeom Junyeol was a good person.

As expected from my playable character.

“My dad and the Yong tribe love me very much, so I wasn’t trained properly. I want to become a bit more powerful.”

Yeom Junyeol possessed a personality worthy of the star player that everyone was envious of.

His biggest strength wasn’t his looks, lineage or abilities, but his desire to improve himself.

“Red Wall Thief is powerful. The courage to attack Fantasy Auction alone, the precision in putting hidden embers beforehand, the timing and speed of igniting hidden embers, the power to maintain that wall of fire, the control to freely control the flames and… I can’t even imitate that.”

“Yes! He is really powerful and cool! If not for Him, I wouldn’t be able to come to school. I truly want to find Him and thank Him.”

“… Looks like Red Wall Thief is not only powerful, but also popular.”

For a moment, it seemed that the space around me distorted.

I shrunk.

Stop! My sanity has already reached 0!

The two continued the excessive praises for Red Wall Thief for a long time.

Did Power of Fate call me here so I lose my mind, hands and feet and then perish?

Luckily, the day-start meeting’s time gradually grew closer, so the two exchanged device codes and ended their conversation, which was tormenting my sanity.

“Okay, contact me if anything happens. I’ll help if I can. If you find Red Wall Thief, please contact me, if that’s okay.”

“If Red Wall Thief-nim says it’s okay… If senior Yeom Junyeol learns who Red Wall Thief is then…”

“Okay. I’ll be sure to ask.”

“Yes…!”

It’s not yes. Not okay.

I have to be more careful in the future if I want to live.

‘You said you want me to become your master?’

I would feel reassured if Yeom Junyeol grew stronger.

It would be nice if the characters that were predicted to die could become stronger and prepare for that.

‘I didn’t expect Yeom Junyeol to return to Korea, but I may be able to use it.’

Next month, early May.

Ju Su-hyeok will face a big crisis.

It was on a scale that was difficult to block with my power alone.

It was a great incident in which the number of dead and injured reached four digits and would become a reason for enmity between Ju-Oh and TC group.

I came up with several kinds of moves to deal with it, but if I borrow Yeom Junyeol’s power I could handle it very naturally and neatly.

And it would be easy to hide from the eyes of the mastermind in the dark.

‘I should try to think about it.’

In addition to how to reveal Red Wall Thief before Yeom Junyeol.

I had really a lot to worry about.

***

1st year class 0 classroom.

Sawol Seeum arrived earlier than me.

Maeng Hyodon stuck to his side and was checking if he suffered any harassment.

It was similar to the time with the bulgogi slap, so it seemed that Maeng Hyodon had a secret nanny side.

“Woah, this is the first time I saw senior Yeom Junyeol in real life. He is handsome just like rumors said.”

“… Yeah, he is.”

“I was surprised when he went to talk with Lena. What were you talking about?”

“Nothing, I just thought that senior Yeom Junyeol may be a person I know… It seems they are different people.”

“Okay?”

Looks like Yeom Junyeol also had a conversation with Lee Lena.

As a person with the highest level of social skills, Kim Yuri showed consideration to Lee Lena and didn’t pursue further.

‘She would recognize we’re different people, without even Yeom Junyeol sharing a few words with her. Lee Lena is highly sensitive.’

“I don’t know if senior Yeom Junyeol is that handsome.”

“Yes?”

Han Yi threw a bomb without warning.

“He is not particularly different from the guys in our class.”

Han Yi was completely expressionless.

The guys in the class, including me, were Maeng Hyodon, Sawol Seeum and Hwang Jiho. We all opened our mouths wide and stared at Han Yi.

You’re saying we’re at Yeom Junyeol’s level? What?

‘That’s a call for an execution from Yeom Junyeol’s fans.’

From that, it continued to the praise relay, completely without impure intentions.

Hwang Jiho held back a burst of laughter and just said thank you. The faces of Sawol Seeum and Maeng Hyodon in particular turned bright red as if they were burning.

Then it came my turn.

I received a comment: ‘Your face when you’re deep in thoughts is nice.’

Hearing that, Maeng Hyodon stared at me as if evaluating.

“When vice president thinks about something, he looks extremely suspicious.”

“Hahaha. Hahahahaha!”

At Maeng Hyodon’s words, Hwang Jiho couldn’t hold back and burst out in laughter so loud as if he lost his mind and rolled on the floor.

In the end, the atmosphere in the classroom turned into a dogshit mess and maintained its foolishness until the class bell rang.

[We choose together. Everyone’s one clean ticket, the flower of democracy–]

The class bell was a camping song to promote the election, made by the election administration committee, which often came out before the general election and National Assembly member election.

It was a needless display of talents from the Choir Club. The choir of mixed voices, with soprano, alto, tenor and bass tonations, mixed so very well that I seemed to listen not to an election song but a hymn.

‘Ah, the general election is soon.’

I knew the results of the general election.

The non-party candidate chosen in the Eungwang District constituency will become the youngest National Assembly member among those chosen this year.

He was a great senior who graduated from the Eungwang School and a Playable Character.

‘We still don’t have the right to vote. But I guess everyone likes to prepare class bells for special occasions.’

Soon the class bell stopped and Ham Geun-hyeong entered the classroom to do day-start meeting.

When Ham Geun-hyeong entered the classroom, the chaotic atmosphere inside instantly calmed down.

“Good morning. As you already know, we finally have seven people coming to school.”

Seven people.

It was still less than 50% attendance rate.

It was a bit sad to hear.

The panel with the class motto ‘Time to go to school’, hanging above Ham Geun-hyeong’s head, seemed to sparkle unusually.

“The basis of the otherworld conquest is team play. Our class will also be training your team play.”

It was recommended to have at least five team members for the conquest of otherworlds.

Our class had only four people, but in a short period of time, three people started to come to school and it became seven people.

The close range attackers: Maeng Hyodon, Kim Yuri and Han Yi.

The long range attackers: Lee Lena, Sawol Seeum.

All-rounders: Me and Hwang Jiho.

The gathered classmates had quite a good balance.

“Morning common class, Player’s combat practice 1. We will start training team play using the otherworld conquest simulator. Change into your gym clothes before the first class starts and gather at the Gym no. 5. That’s all for day-start meeting.”

*~*~*

[1] miracle – ‘an outstanding skill’ or ‘divine skill’ (literally) in raws.

[2] hanboks – traditional Korean clothing, I’m putting an image and a description for those who can’t see it below:

[ID: Set of four pictures with 2 mannequins wearing hanboks of different colors each. The hanboks on female mannequins are a type of dresses with wide skirts, cloth belts above the waist, wide or thin sleeves and various vibrant colors (red, yellow, pink, blue, etc). There are small trinkets attached to the neckline and belt. The male mannequins’ hanbok resemble a wide bathrobe with cloth belts above the waist and wide pants, the sleeves are usually wide too. Their colors are usually darker or toned down compared to female hanboks. Also, they’re all wearing black wide-brim ‘pot hats’ (that’s not their name, that’s what this translator calls them, I’m sorry. Not a fashion person really, can’t describe any of this better.) End of ID.]

[3] hangra – fabric made from silk, ramie and cotton thread.

[4] master – Yeom Junyeol is using a pure korean word for teacher ‘스승‘ which is considered a bit more polite than ‘선생(님)‘ which is usually used by characters. They are not that different though, but I’ll translate ‘스승‘ as master.

Translator’s note: We have confirmation! The more suspicious Jo Uisin looks, the prettier he is!

12. Team play (1)

Gym no. 5 was specially installed with a simulator for 1st years use.

It was a place to conduct a battle practice in a virtual reality simulating an otherworld conquest.

To optimise otherworld conquest simulation, the specially designed floor, walls and installations were covered with an otherworldly metal.

“What type of gym is it? Where are you supposed to train?”

“It’s like a VR room!”

“Right. Because the simulation operates on controlling five senses, the building more resembles a VR room than a gym in its structure.”

“Amazing!”

Each of the 1st year class 0’s kids each expressed their admiration while they looked around. Then the class bell rang.

The class bell announcing the start of classes was a previous campaign song used to promote voting.

After the bell stopped, Ham Geun-hyeong appeared, wearing a teacher’s gym uniform with the school emblem engraved on the back.

“Class starts. You will challenge a R+ rank otherworld conquest simulation. I sent a simple dungeon’s outline on your devices. Preparation time is 30 minutes.”

“Yes? Straight away? We’re going to do this alone? Without a teacher?”

“Yeah. You can only use R rank equipment items provided by the school. For support you can only use R rank and below consumable items. Ask if you need anything.”

Ham Geun-hyeong, who answered Kim Yuri’s question, opened a hologram with a timer counting down 30 minutes.

The eyes of kids who barely started to attend school were noticeably embarrassed.

‘This is the first team play practice, so they would want to judge kids and give them a lesson, similarly to the first sparring.’

Ham Geun-hyeong’s words were sudden, but the otherworld cracks also appeared abruptly.

The otherworld cracks up from SR rank usually had ‘warning phenomena’, so it was possible for Association’s satellite ‘PlayerSAT-K’ to detect it beforehand, but…

Lower rank otherworlds appeared out of blue.

It would be good training in case we run into an unexpected incident.

“At the Eungwang School’s practical exam, four people used random items to subjugate a N– rank Enemy… It was simple, but this…”

“In a simple dungeon, more than ten Enemies appear… At least R rank…”

Sawol Seeum and Lee Lena looked at the outline of the dungeon that arrived at their devices with dark faces.

Maeng Hyodon, who fought at least R+ rank Enemies 1 on 1 without any equipment, with his bare hands, tilted his head.

Is it that hard to even look at? Is it hard? He seemed to think that.

“There is no need to worry.”

Hwang Jiho looked at me with twinkling eyes.

I had an ominous premonition.

“We have Unknown Supernova Jo Uisin.”

At Hwang Jiho’s words, all gazes concentrated on me.

“Yeah! I heard Uisin was commanding even during the entrance exam incident.”

“Right, Unknown Supernova!”

“Oh, come to think of it, that’s true…!”

Kim Yuri, Lee Lena and Sawol Seeum looked in this direction with sparkling eyes.

I couldn’t be harsh to those three like Hwang Jiho, so I couldn’t even say anything.

“Good luck, Unknown Supernova.”

This 5 thousand year old geezer… I want to hit him just once.

Hwang Jiho was the current head of the Ho tribe and he led the Ho tribe to save the To tribe not so long ago.

If he put his mind to it, commanding a R+ rank dungeon conquest would be nothing.

‘Hwang-ho should have a lot of experience.’

Let’s give up. I cannot help it.

I couldn’t say anything because of the atmosphere. Besides, someone had to take the lead.

“Then let’s each share what skill we will use. And please say if you’re going to use a Gwangrim.”

Currently, there were six people in the 1st year class 0 if we exclude me.

Hwang Jiho and Han Yi were NPCs.

Kim Yuri, Lee Lena, Maeng Hyodon and Sawol Seeum were Playable Characters.

Excluding Hwang Jiho, I roughly figured out all of their skills and Gwangrims, but there was no way that this world Jo Uisin knew them, so I had to pretend I didn’t know.

‘Because there are some Players who don’t reveal their Gwangrims and skills or don’t use them for their entire life.’

Especially in Sawol Seeum’s case, the extremely rare skill ‘Messenger’ which he possessed would be difficult to disclose.

Because it was related to Sawol Seeum’s secret.

The results of each of them disclosing the details were like this:

Hwang Jiho: Gwangrim usage: X, Used Skills: Bō Martial Art, Taehokwon

Maeng Hyodon: Gwangrim usage: O, Used Skills: Fight

Sawol Seeum: Gwangrim usage: X, Used Skills: Flight, Wind Art

Kim Yuri: Gwangrim usage: X, Used Skills: Fencing, Danger Detection, Sprinter

Han Yi: Gwangrim usage: X, Used Skills: Taehokwon, Presence Detection, Leap

Lee Lena: Gwangrim usage: O, Used Skills: Whip Martial Art, Enemy Detection, Disable Trap

Me, Jo Uisin: Gwangrim usage: X, Used Skills: Use of Everything, Enemy Detection

I said Enemy Detection to hide the Exclusive Menu’s Enemy warning and ability to read status window information.

Maeng Hyodon had a confused expression.

“Why aren’t others using Gwangrim?”

“My body hurts when I use Gwangrim.”

“My Gwangrim isn’t helpful in a fight and has complex conditions of activation…”

Han Yi and Sawol Seeum replied.

Was that the reason why Han Yi didn’t use her Gwangrim throughout the game?

As for Sawol Seeum, as he had said, his Gwangrim didn’t have battle usage and activation was complex.

“Hahaha, I didn’t get used to my Gwangrim, so…”

Kim Yuri, who was afraid of her Gwangrim, dodged the question.

Hwang Jiho only smiled without saying anything.

Yeah, if the member of the Ho tribe, Hwang Jiho, uses his Gwangrim, the world will turn upside down, so I hope you restrain yourself.

“There are many Players who don’t use their Gwangrims. Even in ‘Red Lion’ or ‘Hydrangea Aroma’. Among overseas teams, there is even a Player like this in ‘Oath of Three Knights’.”

“Really?”

At my words, Maeng Hyodon seemed amazed, but he also quickly accepted it.

“Then let’s not use Gwangrims?”

“Why?”

“Usually, a Gwangrim can be used for a fixed time a day. If you can save it, you should save it.”

Even Player’s Trajectory had a different time usage depending on the character card.

Kim Yuri and Lee Lena gave an additional explanation for Maeng Hyodon who still couldn’t understand.

“I heard that if otherworld crack expansion speed isn’t fast, there is no particular need to use a Gwangrim.”

“Yeah. This is R+ rank dungeon. There doesn’t seem to be a need to use a Gwangrim if we can clear it within an hour. Because Enemies won’t be created outside within this time.”

When an otherworld crack occurs, dungeons, towers, mazes, etc. appear.

Around such a crack or in other words, in reality, Enemies are created.

So usually, the conquest of otherworlds is divided into the ‘attacker group’ which personally enters an otherworld with the goal of clearing it and the ‘defense group’ which remains in reality to block Enemies.

‘So it’s recommended for the otherworld conquest party to have five people. Because at least three people should join the attacker group and two people should remain as the defense group.’

Of course, as a basic, the key power is put in the attacker group.

Because as the time passes while it’s not cleared, an otherworldly crack will expand and following that, the number of Enemies it creates each time will increase.

‘However, this time the conquest target is a virtual R+ otherworld. There is no need to divide into an attacker group and a defense group. Everyone is in the attacker group.’

Seven people of the 1st year class 0.

A simple dungeon simulation.

Enemies around R rank.

Thinking about the standard of our class here, the conquest itself wouldn’t be difficult.

We were also equipped with R rank equipment items provided by school.

I, Maeng Hyodon and of course Hwang Jiho had an ability to clear it even when playing solo, and even Kim Yuri and Han Yi could do it if given enough time, though I would be a bit worried about them.

‘Ham Geun-hyeong wouldn’t choose a dungeon on such a level without knowing that.’

If I think about Ham Geun-hyeong’s intentions, what I had to do became simple.

I immediately came up with a move I should play.

I would become the center of this conquest, but if we aim for the shortest clear time with the currently given conditions, this would be the best action.

“If so, I will tell you my thoughts.”

The main character of the player team in otherworldly subjugations always changes depending on the otherworld’s specifics.

It seemed that this time, I would likely be a key character.

I felt a bit embarrassed when I was explaining this plan, but as my words continued, all the 1st year class 0’s kids nodded their heads.

They were all such foolishly nice guys.

Besides Hwang Jiho.

— 3 seconds, 2 seconds, 1 second.

0.

The hologram’s time went out.

Ham Geun-hyeong stood before us.

“Seems like all preparations are finished?”

“Yes!”

Ham Geun-hyeong activated the simulator.

Uuuung—.

Following Ham Geun-hyeong’s finger, the pitch-black supernatural metals started to glow with dozens of different colors.

“Whoaa—!”

“Amazing…”

While Kim Yuri and Sawol Seeum exclaimed in admiration, the screen opened before each of the seven of us.

[The simulation of otherworld conquest started. Are you ready? (Y/N)]

After each of them pressed the Y button, they were covered in particles of light.

When I pressed the Y button, I heard a voice of dimly visible Ham Geun-hyeong:

“Do your best, good luck.”

When the light dimmed…

We were standing in a dungeon.

‘It looks and feels like it’s completely real.’

As described in the dungeon outline, the damp granite cave unfolded before us.

There was no artificial illumination, but thanks to the otherworldly ore inside the cave, there was no need to secure light.

Our current location was around 10m high and 5m wide.

It was a dungeon which appeared as a pretty wide cave.

“Whoa, it’s so real…!”

Kim Yuri materialized a R rank ‘Lightsaber of a Beginner Knight’ provided by school as she admired.

The battle skill Kim Yuri was using was ‘Fencing’.

And a lightsabers was one of the items officially accepted by the France Fencing Association, the originators of the fencing sport.

‘In this world, even the lightsabers which appeared in Star Wars, became an item officially used in fencing games.’

The light sword that was generally used during Lightsaber Fencing Competitions was made out of polycarbonate and aluminum.

However, Kim Yuri’s light sword was made out of otherworldly metal.

Finished with supernatural powers, it possessed much more powerful killing power than the light sword usually used during competitions.

“If this is this high, I should be able to use the Flight skill.”

Sawol Seeum raised in the air after looking around.

Even though he didn’t have a detection type skill, Sawol Seeum planned to monitor the operation from the air and provide assistance with the Wind Art.

‘But what is that effect?’

Little by little, I noticed translucent feathers around the flying Sawol Seeum.

Is that the Gye tribe’s blessing’s[1] effect?

It wasn’t in the game, so I had no way of knowing what it meant.

“Oo, these protectors are fine? They don’t hinder movements.”

“Is it your first time wearing protectors? Did you fight without equipment this entire time?”

“Ugh.”

Maeng Hyodon, Hwang Jiho and Han Yi were wearing protectors, which increased the attack and defense power while assisting and strengthening movements of muscles.

Maeng Hyodon happily punched the air with the hand equipped with a protector.

Hwang Jiho looked at this sight with twinkling eyes while Han Yi’s eyes were complicated.

Han Yi lost to the bare-handed Hwang Jiho in Taehokwon during the first lesson, so her mood would be peculiar.

“There are many bare-hand fighting kids in our class.”

Lee Lena said as she took out a whip.

Hwang Jiho could use Bō Martial Art, but I guess using Taehokwon with Han Yi was more enjoyable, so he would do that.

I held a rod I materialized in my hand.

With this, all 1st year class 0 members finished equipping items.

‘Those seven people are more balanced than I thought.’

Vanguard.

Hwang Jiho, Kim Yuri, Han Yi, Maeng Hyodon.

Rear.

Me, Sawol Seeum, Lee Lena.

‘Though, me and Hwang Jiho are all-round types, so either way is possible.’

Because Hwang Jiho hid the majority of his skills, he was decided as a vanguard.

Both vanguards and rear possessed two kids with a detection type skill.

Whichever way the attack comes, it would be easy to respond.

⟨Warning, Enemy approaching.⟩

I heard a system notification.

‘The Enemy approaches warning rings even in the simulator.’

It seemed that the efficiency of my Exclusive Menu skill was better than the skills of other kids.

A few seconds later than me, Kim Yuri, Han Yi and Lee Lena also sensed Enemies approaching and took battle stances.

‘Even so, Kim Yuri and Han Yi skills can only inform them about an approach.’

Kim Yuri’s ‘Danger Detection’ foresees material and abstract dangers.

Han Yi’s ‘Presence Detection’ senses physical approaches and actions.

The two of them couldn’t figure out Enemies’ detailed information, so Lee Lena who possessed an Enemy Detection skill, shouted:

“Virtual Beast[2] Enemy approaches from the left and right side each! Just like in the outline, all of them possess R rank water type skills!”

“I think we will meet them in 10 seconds on the left, and 15 seconds on the right!”

At Sawol Seeum’s words, who checked from the air, Hwang Jiho raised his hand.

“We will take the right corridor.”

“Ok.”

Hwang Jiho followed behind Han Yi and swung his fist towards the Enemy.

The two people approached and attacked the Enemy with a fury of blows flowing like water. The fists wrapped in the protectors hit the Enemy’s main body.

Kieeeeek—.

I heard the Enemy’ screams when Hwang Jiho and Han Yi’ taehokwon combo exploded.

When Han Yi attacked earlier, Hwang Jiho seemed to assist with an elegant body movement and completely blocked the Enemy’s actions.

Hwang Jiho and Han Yi’s taehokwon combo play continued to harmonize better than I expected.

“… I, I’ll attack first, president!”

Bang–!

In the right corridor, Maeng Hyodon, who had a higher agility level, dealt an uppercut to the Enemy first.

Looking at how he spoke, he still didn’t seem used to talking with Kim Yuri.

‘He may talk like that, but he is accurately responding to the Enemy.’

Maeng Hyodon’s cheat battle skill: ‘Fight’.

His Fight allowed him to use every recognized bare hand-to-hand combat skill.

Additionally, almost all his stats were put into power and agility.

His mana, defense and magic defense were almost 0, but he was a Playable Character which was an ideal bet in power and bare-hand fights.

‘Maeng Hyodon’s Fight skill can be compared to the hand-to-hand combat Use of Everything.’

As if deeply impressed by Hwang Jiho’s and Han Yi’s combo play, Maeng Hyodon, who was thoughtlessly throwing punches, started to use Taehokwon.

It was a sloppier technique than Hwang Jiho’s and Han Yi’s, but every time the blow landed, the Enemy staggered.

His short stature was disadvantageous in various ways and there was a demerit of having to avoid injuries, because of the symptoms of addiction from the overuse of recovery items, but I still heard the sound of bangs, pops and cracks.

“Hyodon, I’ll be there soon!”

Kim Yuri used the skill ‘Sprinter’ which greatly increased the speed for a short moment and soon joined Maeng Hyodon, leaving a long cut on the Enemy’s back with a light sword.

Kieeeeek—!

The Enemy, whose energy was depleted by Maeng Hyodon, couldn’t resist Kim Yuri’s one blow.

⟨Warning, Enemy approaching.⟩

“They are coming from the back. I’ll go!”

Swish!

Lee Lena swung a leather whip and coiled it around an Enemy.

There were no unnecessary movements, but with her power and Whip Martial Art level, she couldn’t damage the Enemy and could at most only restrict their movements.

“Uugh…”

When Lee Lena’s power was no match and the Enemy was about to take a step.

“Lena, I’ll support you!”

Sawol Seeum, who was floating in the air, used Wind Art.

Swooosh—.

With Sawol Seeum’s gesture, wind blades poured at the Enemy.

With the addition of Wind Art, the Enemy could no longer resist Lee Lena’s Whip Martial Art.

And…

‘Casting done.’

Among the spells that can be casted within a minute with Use of Everything at level 3 and when equipped with a R rarity rod, I prepared the most powerful magic.

I raised high the basic R rank electro attribute basic magic weapon, the ‘Novice sorcerer’s lightning rod’, then Sawol Seeum shouted:

“Everyone, step back! Uisin finished casting!”

At Sawol Seeum’s words, the kids who were fighting, stepped far away.

After the distraction disappeared, the Enemies started to prepare to activate skills.

⟨Warning. The Enemy ‘Caveratus’ is about to use skill ‘Fresh Water Spray’.⟩

Same notifications repeated three times.

But there was no way that the three Enemies’ skill activations were quicker than a magic whose casting had already finished.

“Fulgureus Veru!”

Finishing my spell, enormous lightning javelins formed in the air above the rod raised high.

With the movement of the rod, I launched the javelins at the Caveratuses.

Baaang—!

The fired lightning javelins were more powerful than Caveratus Enemies and incinerated the scared Enemies.

I saw the Enemies turn into particles of light as the damage offsetted their HP and lowered the rod.

“So this is magic! It looks like the activation mechanism is completely different from Wind Art!”

“Strong…! This is the first time I saw magic…”

Seeing magic for the first time, Sawol Seeum and Lee Lena exclaimed in admiration.

Their gazes were burdensome.

Seeing me shutting my mouth with a shy expression, Hwang Jiho had a face as if he was about to immediately burst out laughing.

I had to change the mood.

“Hey, let’s go!”

At my words’ everyone nodded.

After that, we encountered Enemies three more times, but two times their rank was N or below and they were dealt with by the vanguards, so there was no need to use magic.

There were also traps two times, but thanks to Kim Yuri’s Danger Detection and Lee Lena’s Disable Trap, we could progress without problems.

And at the end of the dungeon.

We arrived before the Boss Room.

*~*~*

[1] Gye tribe – Gye for ‘chicken’.

[2] Virtual Beast – Category: Virtual, Species: Beast (/animal)

Translator’s note: Wait! Han Yi’s Gwangrim hurts?! … This will make so much sense 900 chapters later!

12. Team Play (2)

The dungeon boss Enemy approached us.

‘The air is heavy…!’

R++ rank virtual mutant Enemy, Octocaurpus.

The category ‘virtual’ meant that the origin of the Enemy was a simulation.

The species ‘mutant’ was because of its abnormal development due to the dungeon cave.

The mutation had already progressed to the point where it was difficult to recognize its original form, but if I had to compare, it closely resembled an enormous octopus.

It was an Enemy which had many arms to attack, faithfully covered its weakness and held advantage over many opponents.

“Get to your positions!”

At my shout, everyone scattered to their points.

Currently, among the six people, only Hwang Jiho possessed derivative skill.

But, Hwang Jiho was hiding his skills.

So there was a high possibility that the fight would be prolonged, because no one had a skill worthy of consideration as a one-punch-kill for R++ rank.

‘Even so, if I aim for a weakness, I could finish it in no time.’

The weakness of Enemies in this wet cave dungeon was electricity.

The one who could apply damage most effectively while aiming for this weakness was me.

‘But the boss Enemy won’t be so simple like the Enemies which appeared before.’

This time, I was thinking about piercing a vital spot with a magic one step higher than the electro javelins — The electro hammers.

However, worthy of the Boss Enemy, it was hiding a vital spot behind its arms, defending it as if its arms were armor with sealing effect.

‘There is a way for the kids from our class to break it…!’

The sealing armor which was protecting Boss Enemy Octocaurpus’s weakness had five layers.

“Hahahaha.”

“… Hwang Jiho, you’re creepy.[1]”

Hwang Jiho was openly fooling around, but with Han Yi’s assistance, their Taehokwon combo broke two armor layers anyway.

“Hyodon, let’s finish it!”

“Uh, ah. President, I’ll help!”

The two layers each respectively broke thanks to Maeng Hyodon and Kim Yuri.

Their cooperation was a bit stiff, but it was a skill worthy of Kim Yuri who was a Player keeping pace with balance-breakers like Maeng Hyodon and An Dain.

“Do–Done…!”

The last one remaining was destroyed by Lee Lena’s Whip Martial Arts with assistance of Sawol Seeum, who also kept monitoring.

After checking if every layer was destroyed, Sawol Seeum shouted:

“Armor destruction complete!”

Powerful magic demands high concentration and longer casting time.

I was casting and calculating mana operation formula while taking into account the distance between me and the Boss Enemy.

Seconds after the armor was completely destroyed, the casting was finished.

“Fulgureus Marcus!”

Paaa—

Above the rod, raised high, five electro hammers appeared.

“The scale of this magic is bigger than before! Everyone step back a little more!”

At Sawol Seeum’s words, all of the kids retreated further away from me.

The moment when the Boss Enemy was about to move towards the children.

Baang—!

Following the movement of my rod, the five hammers slammed into Octocaurpus’s weak spot.

It didn’t turn to ash immediately like the small mobs, but the Boss Enemy struggled at first and then gradually collapsed.

“It fell down!”

“Its HP fell to 0! It’ll dissipate soon.”

Paaa—

As Lee Lena said, the Boss Enemy, whose HP became zero, disappeared in particles of light.

The Enemies currently remaining in the simulated dungeon were 0.

We successfully cleared the dungeon with as little force as possible.

“Wow! Clear window!”

“Oh, it opens in a simulation like this?”

A hologram opened before each of us.

[Simulation cleared! Clear time: 7 minutes 45 seconds.]

Cheers rang out.

“Less than eight minutes…!”

“Cheers!”

“Clear!”

“Wow, whoa! We truly broke it fast!”

The seven people of the 1st year class 0 took turns to highfive each other amidst cheers.

By the time when all highfives were finished, the dungeon itself was torn down.

The floor and walls covered in otherworldly metal and simulator devices started to appear in our vision.

We were safely back in the gym.

“Great job.”

Ham Geun-hyeong, who had been watching us through the monitor, opened his mouth.

“It’s the first time I saw guys who cleared their first team-play lesson within 10 minutes. It’s the first time I see kids like you.”

It was a line that I heard during the first lesson.

However, unlike that time, his grim face was smiling slightly.

‘Seeing Ham Geun-hyeong’s face, my thoughts seemed to be correct.’

This team play lesson’s goal wasn’t a simple clear.

The goal was to clear it with the least power in the shortest time possible.

The number of consumable items used: 0.

The number of people who used a Gwangrim: 0.

The number of injuries: 0.

The goal was achieved.

“Everyone did well. It seems my intentions were read well. In fact, the difficulty of this dungeon wasn’t that high. However if everyone tried to divide their merits ‘equally’, the clear would take a very long time.”

Most Enemies have a weakness.

The team play was an ability to support a colleague who can deal the damage most effectively for the quickest conquest.

If Enemies’ weakness was the wind element, Sawol Seeum would be a center, if it was bludgeoning damage, Maeng Hyodon, Han Yi or Hwang Jiho.

If slashing damage was a weakness, Kim Yuri.

It was a small possibility, but if it was a dungeon heavily centered on traps, it would be most effective to design a strategy with Lee Lena as the center.

Thanks to Use of Everything, it was possible for me to take the main role every time, but there may be times when I would be pushed back if we calculate only by the special attributes attack’s level.

“You had made a plan with Jo Uisin, who possessed the most effective skill for the conquest, as center and played into each other’s strengths, and then you faithfully followed it. You cleared the dungeon in the way optimal for the shortest clear. The most important thing in otherworldly conquest is this type of team play. Keep it in mind for the future.”

Ham Geun-hyeong finished the general review and started an individual evaluation.

“First, Jo Uisin. You came up with the plan and calmly casted and destroyed your opponents even in front of Enemies. Excellent job.”

After me was Han Yi and Hwang Jiho.

“The two Taehokwon users, Han Yi and Hwang Jiho’s combo play. The combination seems to work well. However, Hwang Jiho, you’re fooling around too much. You know what I mean, right? And Han Yi needs to try to match Hwang Jiho’s movements. You will have more time to look around.”

I guess Hwang Jiho was caught playing.

Because he was more interested in observing how well Han Yi can use Taehokwon than knocking down Enemies.

After them was Kim Yuri and Maeng Hyodon’s turn.

“Kim Yuri and Maeng Hyodon’s combination isn’t bad either. You both possess great attack power, so keep it up in the future. And Kim Yuri, you still don’t seem very familiar with Enemies. Train in the simulator. Maeng Hyodon, you need to be a bit calmer. You know the state of your body, right? And make some eye contact with your classmates, you will be with them for the next year.”

It seemed that Maeng Hyodon still wasn’t accustomed to Kim Yuri.

And he still has symptoms of recovery item addiction, so I hope he minds his injuries a little.

“Sawol Seeum, Lee Lena. You two performed your monitoring role well. Are you short of Enemy capture practice? Sawol Seeum, your help should come a bit faster. Lee Lena, focus on improving your physical strength and power.”

The seven people’s individual evaluation ended.

But…

‘I was the only one he had no comments for.’

I waited because I was wondering if he could give me any more advice.

“That’s it for today’s lesson. Talk with each other for a remaining time and have an introspection and review time. That’s all. You worked hard.”

The lesson ended much earlier than usual.

And I received only praises in the end.

After Ham Geun-hyeong turned around and disappeared, all remaining six gazes gathered on me.

“As expected from Unknown Supernova. You received only praises.”

“Vice president, you’re pretty good.”

“Yes…! I’ll also work hard to be like Uisin during the next team play!”

It seemed that Ham Geun-hyeong turned a blind eye to me, because I was a strategist.

But it was as if I didn’t make any mistakes.

Those kind kids were busy painting my face gold without an ounce of envy or jealousy.

I hope they will stop.

“Hahahahaha!”

I was left embarrassed and Hwang Jiho was laughing so much I wondered what he was so happy about.

I hoped that damn guy would play and laugh a bit more properly in the future.

“Let’s eat lunch today together! And do reviews then!”

Everyone agreed with Kim Yuri’s suggestion.

The seven people of the 1st year class 0 moved together to the 1st year cafeteria and then spent an hour doing a review of today’s first team play lesson.

We didn’t finish talking while eating lunch, so we went on a walk, while continuing the conversation.

‘It’s more like flower viewing than a review meeting.’

It was the time when cherry blossoms started to fully bloom.

We watched cherry blossoms while continuing the conversation.

The topic didn’t end, but our eyes didn’t grow bored.

Following the road, not only were cherry blossoms blooming, but at the cultivated flower beds of the sidewalk, there were also blooming forsythias, moss phlox, daisies, daffodils, kerrias, etc.

The beauty of all other flowers didn’t lose to cherry blossoms.

“I think I can guess who Ham Geun-hyeong is going to recommend…”

As we were getting ready to go to our elected classes, I heard Hwang Jiho mumble something ominous with sparkling eyes.

Recommend?

There were a few things that came to mind, but I decided to ignore it.

In the meantime, the class bell rang.

“Today’s afternoon class bell was prepared by our club!”

The class bell was an election song as before.

The campaign song, which was used in the previous presidential election, was played as a string quartet composed of two violins, one viola and one cello.

How could an election song even sound so sentimental?

I guess a master performer cannot be hindered by a song.

“I will also participate in creating a class bell sound source some day! I’ll work hard.”

Everyone in the 1st year class 0 decided to support Lee Lena’s brilliant aspiration.

If a Player has talent, their ability to learn is a few times better than an ordinary person.

If Lee Lena, who held a violin for the first time, will work hard, her performance may be worth using as a class bell source next year or even faster, the next semester.

We finished our short flower viewing and then dispersed while listening to the class bell.

***

After classes.

I arrived at the Newspaper Clubroom with Hwang Jiho as usual.

“Praise me!”

Mun Saeron who lost to the culprit behind the clock tower, and then even lost to her fear of ghost stories, made a triumphant expression.

“I! Won an interview with Yeom Junyeol!”

“Hoh, congrats.”

“Aren’t you lying? Senior Red Dragon doesn’t usually accept interviews.”

Mun Saeron opened a hologram with a half-written interview article and a photo of Yeom Junyeol she had personally taken.

The 1st year Newspaper Club kids in the room let out shouts of admiration.

“I also thought I would just get rejected when I went to try, but he gave an ‘OK’? Instead, he said to tell him whenever something interesting happens! He wasn’t at school during March, so he is curious about news.”

Wasn’t an interview just a bait to catch an informant?

Yeom Junyeol is searching for Red Wall Thief.

He already talked with Lee Lena and Sawol Seeum, so he might had guessed that Red Wall Thief is at Eungwang School, maybe even related to the 1st year class 0.

Because it was a fact that I helped those two people at the Fantasy Auction.

‘Mun Saeron has wide feet and bright ears[2]. She would serve as an excellent informant. Yeom Junyeol chose well.’

Mun Saeron had a role of an informant even in the game.

But she is a scaredy-cat, so she won’t be of any help with the investigation of ghost stories.

Anyway, Mun Saeron was the last freshman member of the club to finish the writing task with her article about Yeom Junyeol’s interview.

To receive a confirmation from the Newspaper Club’s president, all 1st year members moved together to the space used jointly by the 1st, 2nd and 3rd years.

“Teacher Jegal Jaegeol-nim is a bit late today.”

“He isn’t busy with school affairs, right? Did the 2nd year class 0 cause an incident again?”

“He usually gives us information at those times…”

Club president and vice club president had worried expressions.

It was not a mood to give a report.

“As I thought, it seems that the School Magazine Editorial Club is causing troubles again.”

Mun Saeron cut in between me and Hwang Jiho and said in a low voice.

“School Magazine Editorial Club?”

“Hwang Jiho, is it also bothering you? Are you curious?”

“Yeah, tell me.”

Did Mun Sareon figure out this incident?

As expected from the Playable Character who dreams of receiving a Pulitzer Prize.

“The School Magazine Editorial Club wants the Newspaper Club to be combined with them or be abolished.”

“….. The Newspaper Club has been here since the Eungwang School was established. At best, barely 10 years have passed since the School Magazine Editorial Club was created.”

I guess Hwang Jiho investigated the record of the Newspaper Club after joining.

“Hwang Jiho, you’re right. Even so, the School Magazine Editorial Club… they are supported by a few directors and graduates, so they have quite a few outside sponsors. And the Newspaper is strangely barely breathing. If teacher Jegal Jaegeol-nim didn’t take on the role of an advisor, it would have already been abolished in the past.”

At Mun Saeron’s words, Hwang Jiho’s eyes shined a bit.

‘… The school was busy with Choe Pyeondeuk’s degenerated establishments case. Thanks to that, it’s a little later than in the game, but I guess things are finally moving.’

School Magazine Editorial Club and Newspaper Club scenario.

It was an event where Jegal Jaegeol was cursed and had to leave Eungwang School.

In the end, that day Jegal Jaegeol didn’t appear in the Newspaper Clubroom.

***

Saturday.

My device was full of new messages.

First, I checked the chatroom with Ju Su-hyeok and Maeng Hyodon.

[Ju Su-hyeok] Uisin, Yunseop was smoking again! Here is photo evidence.

I saw Ju Su-hyeok selfie with Bang Yuseop behind him holding a dead cigarette in his hand and crouching under a wall.

Bang Yunseop was put in one frame with the handsome Ju Su-hyeok, so he looked even more disgraceful than usual.

‘Today is probably the day when Bang Yunseop got into an argument with some thugs and was rescued by Ju Su-hyeok.’

[Ju Su-hyeok] Yunseop was caught in an argument with some weird people. I went to rescue him and then saw Yunseop holding a cigarette in his fingers heh

My Bread Shuttle Bang Yunseop had grown!

He didn’t start a fight first, but got caught in it!

But it seems that’s all the results we got.

As he was caught smoking all the same.

It’s good I got Bang Yunseop’s bank account number.

[Me] I deposited the bread fee on Bang Yunseop’s account. You can use it to order bread from him. From some far away bakery.

[Ju Su-hyeok] Will a 10km run be okay?

[Me] Yeah, it’s the weekend, so he can run more.

[Ju Su-hyeok] Ok!

[Maeng Hyodon] When will this idiot come to his senses? He got caught by me two times not so long ago.

[Ju Su-hyeok] Including this time, it’s three times for me… However, no matter how right it is, an idiot is a bit of a too extreme expression, Hyodon haha

[Maeng Hyodon] Ah, Ju Su-hyeok is such a nobleman[3]!

No, even the nobleman Ju Su-hyeok didn’t care at all and in the end admitted that Bang Yunseop is an idiot.

Then, there was a chatroom with Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun.

[Jang Namuk] Uisin, are you really not coming?

[Yu Sang-hun] it’s ok even late.

[Me] Sr busy.

[Yu Sang-hun] are you pretending to be busy? are you doing smt again?

[Jang Namuk] What doing something again? Uisin, what will you be doing again? Whether you’re a Player or not, you shouldn’t do anything dangerous.

I ignored Jang Namuk’s continuous nagging and closed the chatroom.

Today was the day when the Eungwang School and Military Academy’s 1st year Basketball Club members will gather.

They planned to borrow an entire basketball court and play basketball for the entire day.

‘It seems they are thinking of doing an official school exchange later.’

With Yu Sang-hun’s secret wide connections and recommendations of the Military Academy’s first place, Tao Sihu, even guys who weren’t in the Basketball Club came.

Even Jang Namuk, who wasn’t in the Basketball Club, was dragged in.

In the end, twenty people gathered, so they planned to divide into two teams and play at the same time.

‘How was Jang Namuk coaxed into this before mid-term exams? He is not a guy who plays basketball. Jang Namuk doesn’t even have an interest in basketball. Doesn’t he like baseball more?’

I had no idea how Yu Sang-hun and Tao Sihu caught Jang Namuk that he even sent me a message to play basketball a few times.

Jang Namuk was also a simple guy.

‘There is not much time remaining to the mid-term exams, but to make a basketball promise… They have a lot of time to spare, huh?’

Though I also wasn’t studying.

In reality, I was far away from the most prestigious highschool of the Korean Peninsula.

But I couldn’t say that I was going to the chairman Hwang Myeong-ho’s mansion.

‘I have to catch them today.’

Today the 12 Zodiac Alliance meeting was held.

*~*~*

[1] Hwang Jiho, you’re creepy — raws used a word which would simply mean: ‘bad’ normally. In those circumstances, Han Yi could also mean ‘offending’, ‘frustrating’, ‘the worst’… ‘disgusting’?

[2] have a wide feet and bright ears — have a wide feet means to have a lot of connections, bright ears means to be good at gathering information.

[3] noble-man — ‘seonbi’ in raws, in the simplest of concepts it would be a scholar, but these days it’s used as a word to describe someone who is very austere…

Translator’s note: I confess. I needed to check DnD damage types for this one.

13. 12 Zodiac Alliance Meeting (1)

The moment I descended from the air shuttle I used to move through the maze garden, Snare threw its entire body at me and presented its charms.

Woof! Woof!

Snare’s leg supporter was removed and it ran towards me with somewhat awkward steps.

As if it was very happy without a supporter, it spun in circles around me, rubbed its body against me, and made a fuss.

“Hi, Snare. Have you been well?”

With such a healthy look, it seemed it was growing faster than a usual puppy.

Now the name Snare matched it better than Cotton Ball.

I held Snare in my arms and carefully stroked it from its ears to the end of its tail.

“Jo Uisin-nim…! Hello!”

“Uisin-nim, hello!”

“Si… Hello!”

Eun-ho’s three descendants emerged.

As they started to fully live at the chairman mansion, they greeted me in comfortable clothes.

But what was that ‘Jo Uisin-nim’?

“Just use hyung.”

I spoke while holding Snare with one hand and stroking the heads of Eun-ho’s descendants with the other.

The very soft, silver hair moving between my fingers felt extremely good.

When I saw them for the first time, their hair was black, but there was no need to hide it in the mansion, so I guess they relaxed and appeared in this form.

“Yes, Jo Uisin hyung!”

“Uisin oppa!”

“Ui-uisin hyung.”

The three answered in union.

Seeing this made me think of my younger siblings.

They aren’t humans, but they’re still only teenage kids…

Wait, oppa?

It’s not only boys?

The three of them look very much the same and all have short hair, so I had no idea.

“Um, we can’t say our True Names, but those are our names we will be using in this world…”

Of course you must not say your True Names.

Jin people was the word which meant ‘people who possess true names’.

Both Jin people and their descendants learn their true name when they awaken their power and abilities.

Their True Name was the root of their existence and their power itself.

It was to the degree that Baek Ho-gun, who lost his true name formed with the power granted by Heavenly God, was treated like a criminal and ridiculed.

‘If anyone gets that lost True Name, Baek Ho-gun would become a puppet.’

Baek Ho-gun, who had lost his True Name, couldn’t leave the divine realm of Eungwang District and had his power sealed.

Perhaps Heavenly God tried to protect Baek Ho-gun from dangers inside the divine realm?

“I’m Eun Seoho…”

“I’m Eun Yiho.[1]”

“E-eun Jaeho.”

The two of them were middle school students, but it felt as if I was watching elementary school student’s introductions.

I don’t know what type of life they led before, but they didn’t look very familiar with interactions with other people.

“I’ll call you when it’s time for dinner. Until then, please wait in your rooms.[2]”

When we exchanged device codes.

Jeok-ho called for Eun-ho’s descendants.

“Yess!”

“Yes, Jeokho-nim!”

“Yes…”

At Jeok-ho’s words, the three descendants looked at the device hologram where my contact information was saved with wide smiles and then ran upstairs.

“Eun-ho’s descendants also follow Jo Uisin very well.”

“They’re very well-mannered kids. It seems they are thankful because of the April Fool’s incident.”

“No, it doesn’t seem to be only that.”

Not only that?

“It’s difficult to speak precisely, but… Jo Uisin inspires trust. Without that, there was no way that Baek-ho and even that Hwang-ho would’ve moved. I don’t know, but maybe the other Ho tribe members also feel the same.”

What was that supposed to mean?

I stared at him with doubts, asking for further detailed explanation.

Receiving my gaze, Jeok-ho closed his eyes for a second and fell into his thoughts, then he opened them.

This reaction was exactly the same as Ungnyeo of Grief.

“I made Jo Uisin confused, I’m sorry. It’s difficult to explain.”

I completely couldn’t guess what Jeok-ho wanted to say.

Was it something related to me experiencing this world through the game?

Or if not, were there some other hidden factors?

Jeok-ho didn’t say anything beyond that and changed the topic.

“My thanks are late. During infiltration, if you didn’t stop me when I lost my mind… I would have failed to catch those people who tarnished the divine realm.”

I tried to figure out what answer I should give…

Keeung.

I was worrying, so Snare rubbed its head against my chest asking to play with it.

Seeing Snare, Jeok-ho said with a little smile:

“Let’s go. There is a guest to introduce.”

While coming across an automatic maid serving tea, we entered the living room on the 1st floor.

The first to come into my eyes was Hwang Jiho sitting in the seat of honor and putting a rice cake into his mouth with a dissatisfied expression.

“….Rice cakes are delicious.”

Why are you eating with such an expression then?

Even though Hwang Jiho savored the bukkumi, wrapped in paper, and pumpkin-jujube tea, his expression gradually became more rotten.

“Hahaha, I personally served those rice cakes to Heng’e[3] in the Moon Palace. There is no way they are not delicious!”

Looks like the reason for his rotten expression was this guy.

‘Who is it?’

On the sofa opposite of Baek Ho-gun, an unknown woman was sitting cross-legged.

She adjusted the headrest of the leather sofa to 45 degrees and sat in a comfortable position as if it was her own house, while munching on rice cakes.

I recognized her face.

‘The Moon Rabbit Rice Cakes CEO, a To tribe member…!’

I remembered seeing her on the Moon Rabbit Rice Cake’s web page.

The name used in this world was: ‘Ok Toyeon’.

She had a strong mindset, used her identity as a Jin for business and she gained great success selling the highest quality goods.

“Is this the human kid that saved Eun-ho’s descendants?”

“Yes, Ok Toyeon.”

Hearing Jeok-ho’s answer, the To tribe member picked up kong chaltteoks with one hand as she surveyed me from the top to the bottom.

“Hmm…. He is really just a human.”

She put two kong chaltteoks in her mouth, ate both, and then continued speaking as she grabbed chapssaltteok.

I guess she really likes rice cakes.

“It’s a human trusted by other sacred tigers besides Eun-ho… Yeah, if it’s the human who saved Eun-ho’s descendants, I can trust him.”

Ok Toyeon swallowed the chapssaltteok with two bites, wiped the corners of her mouth with a napkin, and then stood up.

“The name I use in the human world is Ok Toyeon. I’m the Ho tribe’s sworn friend and the head of the To Tribe! Today, I came to participate with the Ho tribe during the 12 Zodiac Alliance Meeting.”

“She is an excellent sworn friend in terms of hiding Eun-ho’s descendants.”

I guess Hwang Jiho is still deeply angry about it.

But Ok Toyeon didn’t seem bothered by it.

Rather she suddenly cupped her face in her hands and acted cute to provoke Hwang-ho.

That was strong aggro.

“…but we’re closer to Eun-ho than Hwang-ho!”

The word ‘but’, a call for violence, came out…!

“I hope that Eun-ho will be the Ho tribe’s head again.”

“Go die.”

Are they really sworn friends?

‘She said they’re closer to Eun-ho than Hwang-ho, and the To tribe decided to secretly hide Eun-ho’s descendants. It may be related to a past I don’t know about.’

The look in Hwang Jiho’s eyes emitted such a bloodthirst as if he was about to slice some meat.

Ok Toyeon received even this murderous look upfront with a cheerful smile.

She has such guts, so she would be able to protect Eun-ho’s descendants and keep them in secret from the Ho tribe, huh?

“Haha, if Hwang-ho comes to kill me, I guess I will have to just trust that Śakra-nim will help me again. He came to kill me a few times in the past, but in the end he couldn’t do it.”

So was it kill, or not to kill, even in the past?

Even if Ok Toyeon said that, I came to understand very little.

“… I was surprised that Śakra helped the To tribe.”

Jeok-ho had a subtle expression.

One of the higher beings in this world was the Buddhist god, Śakra.

Even Eun-ho’s descendant said that the To tribe was helped by Śakra, who strengthened the barrier.

“The To tribe and He have a connection. Śakra is the best of Eight Legion’s Protection Gods and a higher being without whose interference, our To tribe would be annihilated.”

The mischievousness disappeared from Ok Toyeon’s expression for a second.

“But Heavenly God is also like that and how much a higher being can interfere into this world is limited. If you didn’t come to rescue us, almost all of us would have died or fallen into a deep sleep.”

Hwang Jiho talked about that situation like it wasn’t a big deal, but I guess it was a fierce battle.

“The unidentified Jin people and Enemies which received higher being protection. They were really ignorantly strong. Our To tribe also isn’t even a type which specializes in fighting. It was a close call.”

In the game, the To tribe almost didn’t appear.

It was only mentioned ‘They were greatly weakened at some point.’

‘In the game, there was no Ho tribe support, so the To tribe would be drawn towards destruction. And all of Eun-ho’s descendants would end up dead.’

Ok Toyeon’s words continued to the end.

“We ARE sworn friends, but until now we weren’t particularly friendly with the Ho tribe, beside Eun-ho. Even so, didn’t we receive kindness? We will pay it back. By all means. It also includes the human who protected Eun-ho’s descendants.”

Ok Toyeon’s eyes were resolute when she said that, but she added unnecessary words:

“Um, we’ll repay the kindness, but being too friendly with the Ho tribe members other than Eun-ho is a bit…”

“Get out as soon as the 12 Zodiac Alliance Meeting ends.”

It seems that Hwang Jiho will continue to be deeply pissed for the time being.

***

Inside the elevator.

In this 5-story mansion there was also an elevator installed.

That elevator also seemed to have a gimmick of moving to the unmarked floors.

After Hwang Jiho put his hand somewhere on the wall, the elevator started moving to the floor without a number.

“Soo… Why is the human who rescued Eun-ho’s descendants here?”

“This meeting was suggested by Jo Uisin.”

“You’re saying that the Ho tribe moved at the words of a human?”

Ok Toyeon stared at me with her red eyes.

“He was the first to realize the traitor in the 12 Zodiac Alliance and He offered the clues. Even during this meeting, Jo Uisin will be able to find something.”

“Um-um. I heard that there are many outstanding talents among the human Players, but to see one in reality… I also heard there are quite a few guys who gave a blessing to a human, even among 12 Zodiac Alliance bastards.”

At Ok Toyeon’s words, Hwang Jiho suddenly cut in.

“Jo Uisin, do you need a blessing?”

“No.”

I firmly refused without thinking.

Why would I accept it if I don’t know what they will request for giving a blessing or what blessing I would receive?

Depending on the scale of the blessing buff effect, the one giving a blessing would share some part of the target receiving a blessing’s mind.

‘I don’t want to receive a blessing if possible.’

And looking at my status window, the blessing section is marked with (Some loading failed.)….

There is no way it’s somebody’s blessing, right?

Even if it was a blessing, besides the Transcendent Universe there is no existence that would be able to give me a blessing. [4]

“Oh! There is no one who ever refused the offer of a blessing from a freaking Myth category Ho tribe member! But if it was me, I would also refuse.”

“I’m not giving you a blessing.”

“I didn’t even think of accepting it?”

Hwang Jiho and Ok Toyeon started a glaring contest.

Caught in the middle, I decided to just stay quiet.

‘It’s amazing.’

There were many money-eating facilities at the Eungwang School, but I thought they still had a long way to go to match chairman Hwang Myeong-ho’s mansion.

The enormous golden fence barrier and the maze garden.

The costs to make it and maintain it would be obviously huge.

However, even they couldn’t match the madness of the basement facilities.

‘The entire room is full of ancient spells and divine blessings. It’s even entirely made out of the highest rank otherworldly metal…!’

The detailed inscriptions in ancient language fused with dense mana between the golden, otherworldly metal.

It was an enormous magic formation, incorporating the wisdom of the ancient scholars.

The things I saw only in the setting book were here in reality.

“The 12 Zodiac Alliance Meeting cannot be held with devices which leave records in the human world. So, as the one who hosts the meeting, I have to show this degree of power.”

Hwang Jiho said, as if showing off, when he saw me, who couldn’t suppress his shock at the installations in this room.

If it was this quality, it was worth showing off.

“Hey, before we start the meeting, let me ask one more time. Jo Uisin, you wanted for the 12 Zodiacs to gather to check something, right? By what means you are gonna find the traitor?”

Gazes of everyone in the room gathered on me.

‘That guy is a Jin tribe head like Hwang-ho or Ok Toyeon. The being which killed Jeok-ho in the game will appear at today’s meeting.’

PMH’s concrete collapse incident event.

In the game Kim Sinrok died, Choe Pyeondeuk slipped the punishment and so on. The main character party lost numerous cooperative chances and clues with Jeok-ho.

During the 2nd semester, Jeok-ho became close with Ju Su-hyeok by chance at some point, and they started investigating together.

He realized a traitor in the 12 Zodiac Alliance at the end of 1st year.

Even though Jeok-ho was in a bad condition, with his unique information gathering abilities and a bit of luck, he succeeded in getting a little closer to the dark mastermind’s identity.

‘Because he was made a fool by Ungnyeo of Grief and committed a deadly sin, his relationship with Hwang Jiho and Baek Ho-gun in the game was very awkward. So he also didn’t receive any help. But for some reason, those three seem to live together now.’

It was too dangerous of information to tell the main character’s party, who were still students.

In the end, Jeok-ho fought and died alone.

‘I cannot let Jeok-ho’s devotion, which I saw in the game, in the other world, be in vain.’

After I organized my thoughts, I opened my mouth.

“Make every participant say at least two words. That will be enough.”

At my words, Hwang Jiho smiled for the first time today.

The smile of the guy who usually laughs in the classroom everyday, was a bit salty today.

“Hahaha! Let’s observe what move Jo Uisin will make this time. Moon Rabbit, get inside the magic formation.”

“Umm, I hate standing beside Hwang-ho.”

“Get lost if you hate it.”

“Hahaha, I was joking.”

Hwang Jiho’s smile immediately stopped Ok Toyeon’s aggro.

After Ok Toyeon entered the magic formation, Hwang Jiho snapped his fingers once.

Paaaa—.

The shape of magic formation started to change.

Following Hwang Jiho’s will, the power and patterns moved.

The magic formation’s original shape started to split into 12 parts and above each domain writings appeared.

子(Rat), 丑(Cow), 寅(Tiger), 卯(Rabbit), 辰(Dragon), 巳(Snake), 午(Horse), 未(Sheep), 申(Monkey), 酉(Chicken), 戌(Dog), 亥(Pig). [5]

Hwang Jiho was in the 寅(Tiger) domain.

Ok Toyeon stood beside Hwang Jiho, in the 卯(Rabbit) domain.

“Preparations are complete. I’m activating the magic circuit exclusively for 12 Zodiac Alliance meetings.”

Hwang Jiho’s hair and eyes changed to a golden color.

“Whoaa, even if I saw it a few times already, it’s really a power worthy of your taste. Power.”

I couldn’t tell if the words of Ok Toyeon I heard were a compliment or a curse.

I saw veins raise on Hwang Jiho’s forehead.

Paaaat—!

Hwang Jiho’s pupils turned into those of a beast and at the same time lights appeared in all 12 domains.

In 10 unoccupied places, silhouettes showed up.

Before the silhouettes, Hwang Jiho and Ok Toyeon words materialized with superpowers.

Seo Tribe(Rat), 子[Cunning Rat]

Woo Tribe(Cow), 丑[Diligent Cow]

Ho Tribe(Tiger), 寅[Tiger-nim]

To Tribe(Rabbit), 卯[Fucking Moon Rabbit]

Yong Tribe(Dragon), 辰[Max Level Cheongryong]

Sa Tribe(Snake), 巳[Getting out] [6]

Ma Tribe(Horse), 午[Sensitive Black Horse]

Yang Tribe(Sheep), 未[SheepZzz]

Won Tribe(Monkey), 申[Strongest in the Universe Heaven’s Equal Great Sage]

Gye Tribe(Chicken), 酉[Mt. Gyeryong’s Rarity Rooster]

Gyeon Tribe(Dog), 戌[The guy who says dogshit is most dogshit]

Don Tribe(Pig), 亥[IAmZhuBajie]

Why are your nicknames like this!

The Korean Peninsula, where the first Clash of Different Worlds occurred, possessed the most powerful Power of Earth.

The heads of the oldest Jin tribes on this Korean Peninsula almost all possessed nicknames like elementary students.

“Wait, why is my nickname like this! Ah, come on! Hwang-ho is in charge of this magic formation, so I can’t change it! Did others each make their own nickname? Then why are they like this? I didn’t see others in the meantime, but did they all go rotten? Is it senility? Anyway, Hwang-ho, change mine to something a bit more cute, please!”

Hwang Jiho completely ignored the whining Ok Toyeon.

The moment he started speaking, the light raised in the 寅 domain where he stood.

寅[Tiger-nim] “I confirm every 12 Zodiac Alliance head’s in attendance. Let’s proceed with a meeting.”

Hwang Jiho’s words were perfectly subtitled and appeared above the magic formation.

Soon, voices and subtitles raised from the other domains.

子[Cunning Rat] “That unmotivated Hwang-ho called us? What happened?”

巳[Getting out] “Aren’t there a lot of incidents at Eungwang School these days? Is it because of that? The fool I gave a blessing and the priest cherished by the daughter of the higher being I serve are at Eungwang School. If something happens to them, Hwang-ho is going to answer to me first.”

辰[Max Level Cheongryong] “My precious tribe member and descendant are at Eungwang School. There is no way Eungwang School is in danger.”

I seemed to know all the subjects the Sa and Yong were talking about.

I don’t think it was just my imagination.

午[Sensitive Black Horse] “I’m busy, finish it quickly. Demons bastards are attacking again.”

酉[Mt. Gyeryong’s Rarity Rooster] “They’re at it again? The Ma tribe is homophones with those disgusting things in Korean[7], so if you go out from Korean Peninsula for a bit;;”

申[Strongest in the Universe Heaven’s Equal Great Sage] “Talking horse, just change the name or leave Korean Peninsula”

午[Sensitive Black Horse] “I don’t like both options.”

子[Cunning Rat] “After the Clash of Different Worlds, the Korean Peninsula was the most overflowing with the Power of Earth[8]. There is the opinion that, in Korea, even the lowest rank Jin people can show off their power, so of course they would hate to leave.”

卯[Fucking Moon Rabbit] “Does anyone know how to change a nickname? I’ll give you different Moon Rabbit rice cakes sets for a year.”

Utter nonsense.

What meeting? This is complete chaos.

How did this holding by the straws alliance not crumble down for 100 years?

丑[Dilligent Cow] “Fucking Moon Rabbit suits you well so I’ll just pretend I don’t know. ^_^”

巳[Getting out] “Same as the cow.”

戌[The guy who says dogshit is most dogshit] “Same 2.”

子[Cunning Rat] “One vote on that three Jin people above don’t know a way to change a nickname anyway. Moon Rabbit is currently in the magic formation domain of the sacred tiger.”

丑[Diligent Cow] “I’ve been caught ^_^”

卯[Fucking Moon Rabbit] “ㅗㅠㅠㅗ”

They even use emoticons.

Though the emoticons are not sounded.

Each voice and writing was a manifestation of dignity and magic of the Jin tribe’s head.

The ancient magic communication formation with a perfect supplementation which transcends physical and spiritual boundaries, worthy to be boasted about, is used for such conversations…!

Complete waste of talent. Waste of supernatural powers. Waste of money.

亥[IAmZhuBajie] “Ehem, let’s do a bit of progress. I’m telling you, I’m a bit of a busy person. That’s it.”

辰[Max Level Cheongryong] “This one is also busy.”

戌[The guy who says dogshit is most dogshit] “I third the words of the pig and the dragon.”

未[SheepZzz] “Um… Then, you know. Can I say a word?”

丑[Diligent Cow] “Please ^_^”

午[Sensitive Black Horse] “Make it short.”

申[Strongest in the Universe Heaven’s Equal Great Sage] “Short k”

With this everyone in 12 Zodiac made at least one comment.

Anyway, it seemed that my guess was correct.

‘I caught the tail of the traitor who murdered Jeok-ho in the game…!’

While I had such thoughts…

The words of the Yang tribe’s head suddenly changed the meeting atmosphere.

未[SheepZzz] “There is a person who carries[9] the Nightmare and came. I feel Nightmare’s energy beyond the magic circuit connecting the meeting.”

The end of the Yang tribe member’s words sank into terrible silence.

The faces of Hwang Jiho, Ok Toyeon and Jeok-ho, who were watching the situation, hardened.

申[Strongest in the Universe Heaven’s Equal Great Sage] “??? Nightmare?? I give up, let’s search for light.”

酉[Mt. Gyeryong’s Rarity Rooster] “Ha, Nightmare? Are we perhaps talking about the god of nightmares, Insomnium? When did they do something in the present world?”

子[Cunning Rat] “…That great higher being that has the highest authority to interfere into human world? 20 years ago? It seemed they had been quiet for 15 years at least.”

丑[Diligent Cow] “Yes? Nightmare? ^_^;”

辰[Max Level Cheongryong] “You’re saying that Nightmare came to the Korean Peninsula?”

午[Sensitive Black Horse] “Quickly, say it’s a lie.”

Nightmare?

What is that, to make those Jin people so agitated?

未[SheepZzz] “As an embodiment of the symbol of sleep and dreams, I would never say a lie about Nightmare.”

The Yang’s words continued.

未[SheepZzz] “We only have to uphold a ‘nonaggression promise’. However, we have been in this 12 Zodiac alliance together for 100 years, so let me warn you. Currently, a person attending this 12 Zodiac meeting, or a person around the magic formation, is the ‘Nightmare’ itself. So don’t be swallowed by the Nightmare.”

The Yang left words of serious warning and didn’t speak for a while.

The Jin tribe’s heads were silent.

The Yang then added:

未[SheepZzz] “In any case, Nightmare isn’t around me, so I don’t have to worry. It’s fine as long as it’s not me!”

That seriousness didn’t last 10 seconds.

*~*~*

[1] Eun Yiho — it would be ‘Iho’ according to official romanization, but it doesn’t look very good does it?

[2] ..Until then, please wait in your rooms. — Jeok-ho is speaking to the descendants using a formal, polite tone.

[3] Heng’e – popularly known as Chang’e. Heng’e was her original name, but was changed to Chang’e as ‘Heng’ has similar pronunciation to the taboo character of the Emperor Wen of Han’s name.

[4] ..besides Transcendent Universe there is no existence that would be able to give me a blessing — from the context I believe that Jo Uisin means here no one else would be able to give him a blessing, but in fact it could also mean ‘besides Transcendent Universe there is no existence worthy giving me a blessing’…

[5] Zodiacs — So in English the most popular translations of 丑 and 未 is ox and goat respectively. But in Korean it’s cow and sheep, so they’re like this in the story. The word for rat and mouse is the same in Korean, so you may see me use them interchangeably.

[6] Getting out — Literally ‘shedding skin’ or ‘molting’. (I have also a have a suspicion it could be read as ‘talking’.)

[7] Ma tribe homophones with demons — both ‘Ma tribe’ and ‘Demon (tribe)’ would be spelled the same in Korean. They only differ in hanja.

[8] Power of Earth (mentioned by the rat) — That’s curious. Hanja appeared here. Now this is curious because, Jo Uisin used the same word, but without hanja, a few sentences above. Now, the most reasonable reason I can think of why hanja suddenly popped out here is because they speak about two different things… But I have a few other guesses (language related, not story related).

[9] carries — could also mean leads the Nightmare

Translator’s Note: I wanted to translate [Cunning Rat] as [Mickey Mouse] and [Diligent Cow] as [Donkey Cow] (I have my reasons and they were good reasons I swear), but apparently not ‘all’ of their nicknames supposed to sound like elementary students, so they were left as this.

13. 12 Zodiac Alliance Meeting (2)

With the Yang’s last comment, the 12 Zodiac Meeting turned upside down again.

戌[The guy who says dogshit is most dogshit] “I’m ashamed. For a moment, I thought that sheep bastard was cool.”

申[Strongest in the Universe Heaven’s Equal Great Sage] “You weren’t cool even for a moment, sir.”

戌[The guy who says dogshit is most dogshit] “Go clean the stables Heavenly Horse Keeper.[1]”

午[Sensitive Black Horse] “Are you coming to clean?”

申[Strongest in the Universe Heaven’s Equal Great Sage] “I saw enough of them. I said I saw enough of them!”

戌[The guy who says dogshit is most dogshit] “Why is the guy who started the fight first getting angry? You saw, so what are you doing now? See to your heart’s content and then get out to the stables.”

Monkey-dog[2] comedy continued.

Hwang Jiho still had a grave face after the word ‘Nightmare’ came out.

After looking at the chaos of a meeting, he asked me:

“Jo Uisin, is this much enough?”

“Yep.”

“Looks like you figured it out. I’ll think about Nightmare later. It’s time for me and the damn Moon Rabbit to get started.”

Ok Toyeon red eyes were looking downwards while she mumbled to herself:

“Aauu. And Nightmare isn’t even something random. They can’t really be here, right? For the time being, I should stay away from the other 12 Zodiacs.”

“You’re most welcome. On the condition of not approaching the Eungwang District for half a year, deliver Moon Rabbit Rice Cakes for a month to the Eungwang School cafeteria.”

“Deal!”

“We have a contract then. Even a pretext like coming to see Eun-ho’s descendants won’t work.”

Hwang Jiho laughed triumphantly, and Ok Toyeon lost her composure for the first time.

“Ack! That’s a bit… Ah, cancel it! Cancel! I want to meet them often!”

“You know that this verbal contract was already sealed, right?”

“… Eun-ho, please come back.”

I guess Hwang Jiho came out on top in this push-and-pull quarrel.

In the end, Ok Toyeon formed an awfully unfair contract as a price for thoughtlessly running her mouth.

On the condition of not approaching the Eungwang District for two months, they decided the Moon Rabbit Rice Cakes will be sold for 1/3 of the price in the Eungwang School’s cafeteria.

‘It’s a sweet deal from the students’ standpoint. Moon Rabbit Rice Cakes with free meals…!’

Hwang Jiho’s golden eyes sparkled as he smiled in a much better mood.

“Toyun unnie will kill me… The more I sell, the more I lose, ack!”

“If you die, I’ll give you grand condolence money.”

Hwang Jiho took on the brightest and most brilliant smile among those I saw today and then roared towards the pandemonium meeting.

寅[Tiger-nim] “As the host of the 12 Zodiac Meeting I order. Silence!”

Paat—!

Hwang Jiho’s roar pierced through the chaos and the cascade of letters and voices stopped.

The lively exchange of messages and shouts completely halted as if someone pushed a pause button for a moment.

I felt an enormous pressure of magic even outside.

The people participating in the conversation would certainly feel it more.

酉[Mt. Gyeryong’s Rarity Rooster] “Even when I see it, this mana makes my heart go faint.”

辰[Max Level Cheongryong] “If it wasn’t this much, I wouldn’t entrust my brethren and descendant to him.”

巳[Getting out] “Worthy of trusting and entrusting, Myth category Ho tribe member.”

亥[IAmZhuBajie] “My ears are pricking. That’s it, I’m telling you, yeah? Warn and then use it, I’m telling you. That’s it. A warning among us Jin people.”

未[SheepZzz] “Ah, I woke up.”

I guess, the head of the Yang tribe fell asleep in the meantime.

After the mood calmed down, Hwang Jiho infused his voice with magic and said gravely:

寅[Tiger-nim] “Let’s get to the point. A traitor emerged in the 12 Zodiac Alliance. They broke the nonaggression pact and attacked the Eungwang School’s barrier and a Ho tribe’s descendant.”

A silence fell for a short moment.

卯[Fucking Moon Rabbit] “We were also hit and… were almost completely destroyed? 12 Zodiac Alliance protection barrier was neutralized. It was certainly touched by someone among us, only the hand of a head would be worthy of that. But the culprit behind the attack would know that.”

寅[Tiger-nim] “I couldn’t accurately figure out what their aim is. All of you keep it in mind. The 12 Zodiac Alliance protection barrier isn’t absolute now.”

The one to break the silence was the Yong.

辰[Max Level Cheongryong] “… As the Yong tribe’s head, I proclaim. The Yong tribe will fully cooperate with the Ho tribe to catch the culprit. Aiming at the Eungwang School is the same as aiming at my brethren and descendant.”

The Yong tribe didn’t try to hide his anger.

From the blue flames that flickered in the 辰(Dragon) domain, I guess he was emitting a powerful supernatural wave.

辰[Max Level Cheongryong] “Know that if our descendants, especially Junyeol, gets hurt, then I’ll turn this so called alliance and your entire divine realms into a sea of flames.”

申[Strongest in the Universe Heaven’s Equal Great Sage] “Ah, I know, I know. And the Jin tribes without descendants will die from sorrow.”

辰[Max Level Cheongryong] “I would just die.”

戌[The guy who says dogshit is most dogshit] “If that monkey searches a bit…”

It seemed impossible for this pandemonium of a meeting to be serious for even a bit longer.

子[Cunning Rat] “The very first Clash of Different Worlds happened in Korean Peninsula. And the oldest myth in this Korean Peninsula records the Ho tribe’s divine realm. What is worth aiming for to even cause the rage of the Ho tribe and Yong tribe… and the To tribe as a bonus.”

酉[Mt. Gyeryong’s Rarity Rooster] “If not for Heavenly God-nim, I would want to invade to lay down right now.”

午[Sensitive Black Horse] “Now I have to worry about a traitor in addition to the demons? Agh…”

丑[Diligent Cow] “Our Jin people, fight, go! ^_^!”

巳[Getting out] “Next time, when the higher being-nim sends down a divine revelation, I should ask for a little consultation.”

未[SheepZzz] “Nightmare, traitor… if not for the Power of Earth, I would get out from Korean Peninsula straight away.”

The mood of the meeting slowly settled down.

Traitor or not, the Jin tribes would have to start moving in response to this, so it naturally affected the atmosphere.

寅[Tiger-nim] “Of course, we don’t plan on enduring this quietly. The moment the traitor is revealed, they will be immediately expelled from the 12 Zodiac Alliance and punished according to the pact.”

卯[Fucking Moon Rabbit] “Me too! I’ll turn everything upside down when I catch you!”

Hwang Jiho said some cool words, but Ok Toyeon’s foolishness completely didn’t live up to it.

Hwang Jiho finished firmly.

寅[Tiger-nim] “There is no need for something like courtesies between us… The next meeting will be the venue for the traitor punishment. That’s all.”

After Hwang Jiho’s words ended, the magic formation lost its light little by little.

At that moment.

⟨Dimension understanding of the Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification had raised.⟩

The system message I didn’t hear and see for a very long time.

⟨The skill level of ’Exclusive Menu of the Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification’ had raised from level 2 to level 3.⟩

Was it because I came into contact with the Korean Peninsula’s 12 Zodiac Alliance’s heads?

If not, was it because I successfully guessed the culprit behind key incidents?

In any case, I was always grateful for the level up.

‘Then let’s check it.’

With the level raise of the Exclusive Menu, the ‘Read logs again’ option opened up.

In the game, it was possible to read the conversation records again after entering a special map.

‘It seems that logs are erased after a certain number of conversations or time passes, but… It will be useful for double checking the information or to pinpoint data.”

The 12 Zodiac Meeting was also faithfully recorded.

While I was checking Exclusive Menu, the magic formation’s operation completely stopped and Hwang Jiho’s eyes and hair returned to their usual color.

“Hey, Jo Uisin. Then let’s hear what you have to say. But let’s change the place first. The magic power, supernatural power and divine power density is too high here, so we can’t stay here for long.”

***

1st floor, living room.

The tea served by the automatic maid was Songhwamirsu. It was a traditional honey tea made out of pine tree pollen with floating grass and pine nuts.

Songhwamirsu was put into a celadon produced with an inlay technique.

It was accompanied by refreshments, probably from the Moon Rabbit Rice Cakes set brought by Ok Toyeon.

“Mm… It seems that those guys didn’t say anything suspicious! Though everyone’s head seems to be weird.”

“There is no problem with the content. In this case, something outside of the content would be a clue to the problem.”

The two rice cake lovers, Ok Toyeon and Hwang Jiho ate azalea hwajeon as they spoke.

I guess they weren’t on good terms, but their tastes matched.

“Hwang Jiho, you’re right. I learned who one of the culprits is.”

“One of the culprits…? Does the traitor Jo Uisin found have a short tail, perhaps?”

Both Hwang Jiho and Jeok-ho were sharp.

I answered Jeok-ho’s question.

“Correct. I don’t know who the long tail traitor is.”

In the game. At the end of Ju Su-hyeok’s 1st year.

Jeok-ho gradually turned desperate in the worsening situation.

He started to suspect there may be a traitor in 12 Zodiac Alliance, but he couldn’t find evidence.

Only the Ung tribe was a genuine opponent. Besides that, nothing could be confirmed.

‘Jeok-ho had a bit of luck.’

One day, Jeok-ho by chance witnessed the teacher disciplining An Dain.

He was worried about An Dain, so he hid out of anxiety and listened to something pretending to be a discipline for a long time.

After he listened to the dog barking for almost an hour.

Jeok-ho realized that this teacher had a similar way of speaking like one of the 12 Zodiac Alliance heads.

The words, tone, intonation he used, the speed of talking, etc.

He copied so much that he seemed to be doing his impersonation.

‘It wasn’t completely confirmed, but Jeok-ho thoroughly investigated that teacher with a feeling of catching the last straws.’

And as a result…

Jeok-ho learned that this teacher is operating five illegal entertainment establishments in the Eungwang School protection zone.

And that he took over the deceased Kim Sinrok as the 1st year class 1 homeroom teacher and Wings Council advisor.

The teacher’s name was Choe Pyeondeuk.

‘Jeok-ho caught Choe Pyeondeuk by recognizing the way of speaking similar to one of the 12 Zodiacs heads. On the flipside, if you analyze Choe Pyeondeuk’s manner of speaking, then you will be able to catch the head.’

They say that a manner of speaking is infectious and tends to move from one person to the next.

Among the ‘high-ranking people’ which Choe Pyeondeuk encountered, the highest ranking person was the Jin tribe’s head.

I don’t know whether Choe Pyeondeuk did it intentionally or subconsciously, but he had a seriously similar way of speaking like that head.

But as Choe Pyeondeuk lived and died for high-ranking people, there was a big chance it was intentional.

‘It was worth enduring Choe Pyeondeuk’s disgusting lecture and listening to it.’

The fact that I wanted to hear Gong Cheong-hwon lectures was also a reason.

But if it was the only reason, I would use an earplug item or skip school.

However, I endured to the end and sat there, so I could hear that dog-sound.

‘During that time, I throughly analyzed Choe Pyeondeuk’s speech pattern.’

Words, tone, intonation, speed of talking.

I mobilized every Player’s sense and memorized it.

And with a help of that, I could search for the origin of Choe Pyeondeuk’s mimicked speech manner.

“The words Choe Pyeondeuk used. Among the people he had a chance to come into contact with, he would mimic the words of the highest ranking person.”

Adding a sentence ending like ‘I’m telling you’.

Making an ‘Ehem’ coughing sound.

Occasional breaks like ‘Yeah? And ‘That’s it’.

In addition, there was his tone and speed.

Among all the Jin tribe’s heads, there was only one being which possessed those characteristics.

“The Jin which possesses a very similar speech pattern to Choe Pyeondeuk is the Don tribe head.”

But judging from what he said during interrogation, Choe Pyeondeuk seemed to be only aware the other was one of the Jin people, but not that he was from the Don tribe.

In the situation where you are going to backstab the Ho tribe, there is no way the Don would reveal his identity to a guy like Choe Pyeondeuk.

Kim Sinrok and Jeok-ho retraced their memory and then nodded.

“… I wasn’t familiar with the Don tribe’s head’s way of speaking, so I didn’t recognize it. Now that I think back, he is indeed mimicking him.”
