I unfolded a hologram from the wearable device with a screenshot of an article.

The picture showing Jang Namuk and an unknown face was attached to the article.

“I saw it by chance when I opened an interview with the first and second place at the Player Military Highschool Academy. Jang Namuk’s pictures don’t make him look any better.”

“Exactly the same. He is ugly as usual.”

Yu Sang-hun compared the real Jang Namuk sitting before him and the picture, giggling.

I compared Jang Namuk, who froze because of the nervousness, and the top student sitting beside him, overflowing with an easygoing and relaxed attitude.

“Anyway, congrats. What’s that first place guy like?”

Yu Sang-hun also gave his late congratulations after teasing Jang Namuk with a picture and took a screenshot of the article with him with his own device.

Jang Namuk watched this sight with embarrassment.

“Thank you for congratulations. First place and I share the same room in the dormitory, but…. He is special.”

When the story about the first place came out, Jang Namuk made a complicated expression.

Special?

I was a bit curious.

However, asking very detailed questions about the person who wasn’t here didn’t seem proper, so I held back my words.

Just in time, the first dishes on the menu came out and because of that, it wasn’t difficult to change the topic.

“Did training at the dormitory start?”

“Yes. The military highschool’s program starts a little faster than at other places. It’s a bit difficult, but it will be worthwhile one day.”

Yu Sang-hun also seemed more interested in the dormitory than the first place.

“How is the dormitory?”

“…Even after ventilating and cleaning, it feels musty.”

I knew that.

It may be a little different for a military academy dormitory, but it was the air of a public living facility.

You may clean and ventilate so there is no particle of dust in sight day after day, but mustiness doesn’t disappear.

You could just get used to it.

“If you don’t like it, come to Eungwang School.”

Yu Sang-hun still seemed to have some regrets.

“…It’s ok. Because I choose it myself. Even if we go different paths afterwards, I’ll be responsible for my choice, until the time when we graduate highschool.”

At Jang Namuk’s answer, Yu Sang-hun stabbed his spoon into amuse-bouche[2] with an unhappy expression.

Jang Namuk started to nag to watch out for table manners.

Talking to those guys made events on January 1 seem like a dream.

But I don’t dream.

We talked while trying to foresee everything about our future highschool life.

With that, the hottest potato in the players’ world, the Fantasy controversy, came out.

Naturally, the topic of the Red Wall Thief also arose and because of that, I had to struggle to straighten my curling up hands for a while.

‘Why the hell did that journalist come up with ‘Red Wall Phantom Thief’?’

Just a mysterious or strange person, that would be more than enough.

When entrée[3] came, Yu Sang-hun asked me:

“Jo Uisin, what class are you? I’m class 1.”

We were notified in advance about our class assignment.

My and Yu Sang-hun’s classes were close.

“I’m class 0.”

I looked at the notice, which unexpectedly arrived at my wearable device. As it was decided according to my deal with the chairman, I was joining class 0.

Ching.

Tuk.

I heard the sounds of falling tableware.

Yu Sang-hun and Jang Namuk, who loudly pestered Yu Sang-hun about keeping the table manners, dropped their utensils.

Why are you like that?

I titled my head, but Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun just opened their mouths wide in shock.

“Are you a criminal?”

“Repent, Jo Uisin.”

What?

It seemed the notoriety of class zero is worse than I thought.

I tactfully avoided the topic and enjoyed the remaining course dishes.

Even when we disbanded, the two worried about the decision to send me to class 0.

***

I skipped the remaining middle school classes, graduation ceremony and all similar events.

My middle school homeroom teacher called a few times, but when I lied that ‘It’s still difficult because of Son Mingi’s case’, it worked straight away.

There was not much time left until the first day of Eungwang School.

I didn’t have time to invest in middle school classes.

Before school started, I needed to prepare all the necessary pieces.

I researched this world, bought necessary items and trained my physical strength while preparing for the start of the new term at Eungwang School.

And in March.

The entrance ceremony came.

~*~*~

[1] dinner course – for some, incomprehensible to me, reasons I translated it as a culinary program in chapter 9. I fixed it already, but if you have this dark memory, please erase it immediately. It has never happened.

[2] amuse-bouche – I think someone will kill me if I say it’s just like a fancy appetizer, so pretend I never said that.

[3] entrée – (it’s like main dishes but just before the main dishes…)

Translator’s note: What do you mean half of this chapter’s footnotes are me fixing stupid mistakes and the second half is me whispering about french cuisine?

5. 1st year class 0 (1)

The games usually have a character that acts like their face. Those were the title heroes and heroines.

Even the multi POV’s game like PMH, with the three digit number of playable characters, had the title hero and heroine.

Title hero Ju Su-hyeok.

Title heroine An Dain.

The poster showing the two people holding twin swords and a rifle, touching each other’s backs and looking up into the night sky, was one of the most popular and well-known PMH posters.

The two were the typical main character munchkins.

They were two monster geniuses who at the entrance exam to Eungwang School, which boasted the highest entry level and difficulty in Korea, got perfect scores in all three parts: paper examination, writing exam, and practical exam.

They acted together as the freshmen representative at the entrance ceremony and from their first meeting, they continued good-hearted competition and polished each other’s abilities.

The two who fell in love at first sight regarded each other as rivals, while also empathizing with the other, and gradually liking each other even more.

However, in the hopeless scenario, there was no time to cultivate such feelings.

And in the second half of the last chapter…

All the playable characters died, and only three remained. Ju Su-hyeok, An Dain and Baek Ho-gun.

A day before the final decisive battle…

Ju Su-hyeok wanted to confess to An Dain.

[Are you trying to die? Don’t create weird cliche!]

An Dain drew a line.

And added:

[Never say anything before I confess.]

The two didn’t speak any further, but made up their minds.

‘I’ll return alive.’

But Ju Su-hyeok died protecting An Dain. She brought down the opponent but was fatally injured.

An Dain released the Gwangrim and told Ju Su-hyeok who collapsed among far away Enemy corpses.

[Su-hyeok…I like you. From the entrance ceremony… From the moment you stood beside me…. I’ve liked you. I like you….]

An Dain squeezed out the last of her energy a few times and continued to repeat her confession over and over.

Naturally, Ju Su-hyeok didn’t reply, and An Dain died.

Baek Ho-gun, who joined them too late, stared at the two who had already stopped breathing. It was the last appearance of the two main characters.

And now.

The two main characters, Ju Su-hyeok and An Dain, stood as representatives of first years at the entrance ceremony.

“Oath. We, the freshmen who were permitted to enter Eungwang Player Meister High School, solemnly swear to work hard to learn and develop our abilities, and to respect and live by the school tradition and rules during our school days.”

“Freshmen representative Ju Su-hyeok.”

“Freshmen representative An Dain.”

The energy radiating from the two geniuses overwhelmed people.

At the same time, when they recited the freshman entrance oath, they left a beautiful echo that spread through the speakers.

It was only a trivial freshman oath, but it felt like watching an opera.

‘They said they fell in love at first sight, but I wouldn’t have any idea when watching from the outside.’

They finished the oath, and the two people looked at each other for a moment. The look in their eyes showed wariness and tension, as if when facing an old foe.

Even so, the mood wasn’t even a bit close to being bad.

On the contrary, it looked like aloof air surrounded them, almost as if the two were knights before a holy war.

Rather than calling Eungwang School’s Central Great Auditorium, the Exalted Tiger Hall[1] a school auditorium, it would be more right to say it was an enormous banquet hall.

This place was filled with two thousand of Eungwang School’s students and teachers.

In the second floor seats were hundreds of visitors.

All of them were awestruck by the charm and spirit the two possessed.

“Ju Su-hyeok and An Dain seem to live in a different world.”

“The battle between the two proudest geniuses…!”

“Do you mean that in a bad sense? It does seem to be a battle of geniuses.”

“When I was in middle school, I heard I was good at studying, but… those kids are for real.”

“There are no kids at Eungwang School who didn’t study in middle school. It’s embarrassing, so don’t talk about those days.”

“Isn’t ‘Unknown Supernova’ also among the freshmen? This 1st year is crazy.”

The best of two million Korean highschoolers.

The nation’s talents and geniuses gathered in Eungwang School.

Even in that Eungwang the interest gathered by the two people standing on a stage was great.

‘My story also came out, tsk.’

The names of four people who belonged to group 13 during the entrance exam seemed to spread, so the whole school knew my name and nickname.

But this world was centered around the main characters, and my presence was buried by them.

‘Even so, I don’t feel bad about it.’

Rather, I seemed to be an irrefutable game junkie, excited by the fact I saw the game’s main characters with my own eyes.

After finishing the oath, Ju Su-hyeok and An Dain each descended to the bottom platform using stairs in opposite directions.

The two didn’t look back at each other even once and returned to their own seats.

After that, began the teacher introductions, but people at the entrance ceremony were still lost in the afterglow of the two geniuses a moment ago, so nearly no one listened.

‘I should search for our class kids.’

I also roughly listened to the teacher’s introductions and tried to search for class 0 kids, but there wasn’t even one face I saw in the game.

Since participation in the entrance ceremony was voluntary, the 1st years weren’t divided by classes, but lined up starting from the front seats on a first-come, first-served basis, so it was completely impossible to say who was in which class.

Currently, all the first years around me were unknown to me.

‘But I can’t be sure I’ll recognize them even if they’re here.’

The game progressed with Ju Su-hyeok and An Dain as the center.

At times, the point of view changed to teachers or forces outside of school, but usually the main story was led by the two main characters.

The characters from class zero also appeared only after the two came into contact with them.

‘I prepared in advance, but not all class zero members were listed in the ‘Game Library’… as the class total number didn’t come out.’

December last year, after communicating with the Transcendent Universe, the level of my ‘Exclusive menu of the Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification’ raised from 1 to 2.

As a result, the ‘Game Library’ was unlocked within the menu.

The reward for collapsing for 3 days was the game’s setting book.

‘I cursed it because they sold it as a paper book and then in the game again.’

The Game Library was free of cost.

Of course, I was PMH’s hogu[2] addict, so I paid.

I didn’t scream or regret it, but I also condemned myself for falling to my hogu power.

‘But because I was this level of an addict, even the Transcendent Universe called me to come here.’

In the end, I couldn’t find even one student of 1 year class 0 until the entrance ceremony ended.

‘In any case, I’ll meet them in class.’

I left the entrance ceremony.

***

The Eungwang Highschool’s campus was about 500,000 pyeong[3].

The morning classes took place in your own class, but afternoon classes were free choice, so a means of transportation for students was essential.

The Eungwang School provided students with bicycles and air boards free of charge and air shuttles and ground buses regularly run around the school.

The majority of students used air boards, which automatically moved when you designated the building you wanted, as their means of transportation.

In addition, in accordance with air traffic laws, it was impossible to operate the air boards manually to prevent air collision incidents.

For operating air vehicles on your own, you had to obtain a license through a strict exam.

But even with a license, you could only use them at your private possession and below a certain altitude.

‘I really wanted to ride it.’

I grabbed the airboard’s handle and flew up into the sky.

After I selected the building where the classroom of 1 year class 0 was located in an opened hologram map, the automatic driving system beeped and adjusted the attitude and air route to avoid colliding with other air boards and air shuttles.

‘It’s truly exactly like the game CG.’

The deep blue sky.

The air board and air shuttles cutting across that sky.

The buildings unfolding below.

Everything was charming and beautiful like the game CG.

‘Like a game CG’ was the highest praise a gamer could give to nice scenery.

‘Watching from above, the buildings look even more stylish.’

The central zone centered around the Exalted Tiger Hall’s great auditorium, where the entrance ceremony took place, and the students’ facilities grouping together like Student Council hall, Guideline Club[4] hall, General Club Council hall, Alumni hall, etc. and the connected teacher facilities gradually became smaller.

In exchange, the snow-white clock tower standing before the main gate and the Eungwang School protection barrier, which starts at the main entrance and covers the entire school grounds, come into sight.

The buildings and sculptures of various designs harmonized and twinkled like an enormous jewelry box adorned with many types of jewels inside.

‘Silver Light Building…!’

As I left behind the central district and moved to the 1 year district, I could see the faraway heart and main building of Eungwang School, the Silver Light Building, shining brightly.

I visited it once to have a one-to-one talk with chairman Hwang Myeong-ho, so I thought the feelings of melancholy would subside, but they didn’t.

Silver Light Building was the most elegant and beautiful among the Eungwang School’s buildings.

So why did Hwang-ho let the Silver Light Building be stained by blood?

‘I heard that Hwang-ho designed the Silver Light Building himself.’

Would you not care if the building you had put such effort into was stained and crumbled, because you got tired of it?

As I had such thoughts, the air board gradually moved away from the Silver Light Building.

***

Besides airboards, the Eungwang School also provided an earring-like wearable device.

It was because a lot of problems appeared when conducting a lesson using wearable devices, or when sending a notice to the students who had outdated devices or didn’t have a smart device at all.

I knew of course I’d receive an earring, but I still bought a personal one in advance.

‘I had to be careful because there is a possibility of the school’s side reading the GPS record or received message log.’

Reading the device record was basically impossible if you respected the information protection law.

However, in the agreement you signed when you received an earring from the school, there was a clause stating that information can be read at a ‘time of emergency’.

That time of emergency could be interpreted by a guy like the teacher who sold Sawol Seeum at the Fantasy Auction, as ‘whenever I want’.

‘When my standard of an emergency comes, I’ll throw away the earring the school gave me.’

I wore the earring I bought in one ear and the earring supplied by the school in the other.

After I put an apricot-colored earring inside the ear, it turned invisible.

As I finished putting on the earring, I miniaturized the airboard to put it inside the inventory and then headed towards the classroom of 1st year class 0.

For reference, the title hero Ju Su-hyeok belonged to the 1st year class 2, and the title heroine An Dain belonged to the 1st year class 1.

Unlike 2nd year and 3rd year which students were divided into special groups by grades, the freshmen weren’t divided, so the average score was similar from class 1 to 10.

The opinions were divided about which one, Ju Su-hyeok or An Dain, who both have the same score, should go to class 1. Finally, as a result of discussion between the two, they decided to follow alphabetical order.

Therefore, An Dain went to class 1 and Ju Su-hyeok went to class 2.

‘Looking at the people gathered over there, half of them came for class 1 and half of them for class 2.’

The 1st years who wanted to talk to the two main characters had gathered.

The class 0 classroom was beside class 1, so if I pierced through the group I’d see my class.

As expected, after I pushed through the crowd, I saw class 0’s classroom.

***

1st year class 0 classroom.

I didn’t belong to those who were a bit late in general, but the homeroom teacher of 1st year class 0 came in just after me.

The teacher looked around the classroom before he wrote the three characters of his name[5] on the electric board with electric chalk.

‘Ham Geun-hyeong’

He was one of the playable characters and the head of the student department.

In the Eungwang School with tradition valuing freedom, the teachers who were extremely strict or proper didn’t rise to the position of the student department head, who oversaw the student department and guidance department.

Ham Geun-hyeong was flexible and understood highschooler’s nature very well, and even during incidents, he behaved calmly with full knowledge of the rules.

Even when I recalled the game, he was like a fox wearing a bear mask.

“I’m Ham Geun-hyeong and I’ll be this 1st year class’s homeroom teacher. I was assigned as head of the student department, so it’s likely there will be times when I’ll be absent.”

In the past, the head of the student department was called the student head or dean.

Generally in highschool, it was rare for the busy department head to be a homeroom teacher.

However, in Eungwang School, it was a custom to assign ‘class zero’ a teacher with considerably high power, considering their specialness.

As a reference, the homeroom teacher of 2nd year class 0 was the head of school affairs[6], Jegal Jaegeol, and the homeroom teacher of 3rd year class 0 was the head of the research department.

“No one applied for the position of assistant teacher, so it’s still vacant. I’ll notify you immediately when it’s decided. Though…”

Small wrinkles formed on Ham Geun-hyeong’s forehead.

“It’s the first time I’ve seen kids like you.”

Ham Geun-hyeong’s words were a fair fact.

Every year about 500 freshmen enter the Eungwang School. There is no way to be acquainted with all of them.

“This is way too much.”

I agreed.

In my entire experience of elementary school, middle school, highschool, and university, it was my first time seeing such a case.

“It’s not half the attendance rate, it’s half of the half attendance rate. Even if 0% attendance doesn’t reflect on your school records…”

4 people.

Excluding me, there were 3 highschoolers of 1st year class 0 here.

The total number of people in 1st year class 0 was 16.

The attendance rate on the first day of school was nothing but half of the half, 25%.

“Today, you need to select a class president and vice class president and then be dismissed. The class motto is decided by me.”

The class motto of the 1st year class 0 was…

‘Go to school on time.’

The big hologram panel with 5 words printed in thick Gungseo font[7] raised above the electric board.

It looked like a class motto made by some strange person, but Ham Geun-hyeong was very serious.

“Class president, raise your hand.”

There were 3 people besides me who came to school.

Two females, and one guy.

‘Let’s take a look first…’

One female student was a playable character, Kim Yuri.

The other was a non-playable character, Han Yi[8].

I remembered seeing them both in the game.

And the male student.

The moment I saw his face, I unconsciously mumbled out of shock.

“…Chairman?”

It was an extremely quiet voice, but the male student immediately glared in my direction.

‘Ah, ruined.’

I guess I was swept by the atmosphere at the entrance ceremony and got excited and relaxed without my knowledge.

Currently, that one absurd word may be one of the worst moves I’ve played in this world.

I tried to organize my thoughts to deal with this blunder.

However, no thoughts came.

Because no thoughts came…

Without an answer, my mind was filled with contradictory thoughts, confusion, disorder, and chaos.

At that moment, the announcement rang from the classroom speakers.

Ding-dong-ding-dong—.

— Two students from 1st year class 0, Jo Uisin and Hwang Jiho, please come immediately to the chairman’s office in the Silver Light Building. I repeat. Two students from 1st year class 0, Jo Uisin and Hwang Jiho, please come immediately to the chairman’s office in the Silver Light Building. That’s all.

“I’ll go to the chairman’s office, teacher Ham Geun-hyeong-nim.”

Chairman Hwang Myeong-ho… no, student Hwang Jiho grabbed me by the arm and quickly dragged me out of the classroom.

It said that my height and weight decreased from when I was an adult, but his movements were as light as if he was holding a balloon.

Before the classroom door closed.

I heard Ham Geun-hyeong’s voice mixed with a sigh.

“…The first day attendance rate is half of half of the half.”

The door closed and the attendance rate of 1st year class 0 fell from 25% to 12.5%.”

~*~*~

[1] Exalted Tiger Hall – or Hall of Third Sacred Terrestrial Branch – third terrestrial branch refers to the Chinese zodiac. And the third zodiac is a tiger.

[2] hogu – It’s slang for a person who is naive, easy to manipulate and use. The person who can’t say no. Usually it will be translated as pushover or sucker, though it can be different depending on the situation.

[3] 500,000 pyeong – 1652892 m³

[4] Guideline Club – The 선도부 is a self-governing student body responsible for discipline at school. They are those people who stand at the school gate and check if you’re on time and in uniform and clean etc.

[5] three characters of his name – Ham Geun-hyeong name is ‘함근형’ so it has three ‘characters’ or ‘blocks’.

[6] head of school affairs – So, while researching all teacher positions for this chapter, I realized that ‘head teacher’ doesn’t exactly mean what I thought it meant… But it also doesn’t seem to be that far off, so I may consider still using it in the future??

[7] Gungseo font – it looks a bit like it was written with a brush. It is supposed to look elegant and serious, but these days it’s treated as too tacky or a joke…For example, in the Korean translation of Undertale Papyrus is using this font, apparently.

[8] Han Yi – It would be Han I according to revised romanization.

Translator’s note: I always found this slip of a tongue a bit weird for Jo Uisin. And also his lack of thoughts… Did he suddenly lose intelligence for some reason? Or did he unconsciously play a move which would lead him to his goals…

5. 1st year class 0 (2)

In the early parts of the game, there was an extra character who messed up with Ju Su-hyeok and got a good beating before leaving the stage.

It was rare to see such an extra in a prestigious highschool.

He was a guy who only studied when he was in middle school, but when he became a highschooler, he pretended to be a thug, bluffing about his strength.

However, because this guy’s accomplishments were too shabby, he couldn’t be neither this nor that.

On the subject of bad upbringing, he was smoking cigarettes even though he was choking until finally he couldn’t burn even one more cigarette, he picked up fights on the streets, but in reverse he ended up receiving help from Ju Su-hyeok, etc…

The extra’s few appearances in the game were very pathetic.

At the end of the 1st year, the extra was influenced by Ju Su-hyeok righteous ideas.

After reflecting on his trivial misdeeds, he and Ju Su-hyeok became friends. It seemed he was elevated to the supporting character[1].

However, a demon, who was aiming for Ju Su-hyeok, turned that extra into an Enemy.

That demon exquisitely dug into the extra’s weak heart and faint remains of jealousy.

In the end, the family member of a higher being and one of the 7 deadly sins, Invidius of Envy, possessed the extra through a medium.

When the extra became a half-Enemy through the possessing devil[2]…

In the place of the fierce battle with the demon, the teachers were already completely annihilated and dozens of students died after them.

The only one who could still move was Ju Su-hyeok.

It was a situation where if Ju Su-hyeok didn’t kill the extra, even the injured people who were still alive would die.

Ju Su-hyeok couldn’t bring himself to kill the extra he became friends with.

While Ju Su-hyeok hesitated to strike down with his sword, the extra regained his mind for a moment through the desperate effort to resist.

[Ju Su-hyeok, you dog-like bastard! If you don’t kill me now, it’ll be you who will end up dying! Please…]

That line became the extra’s will.

Ju Su-hyeok swung his twin swords, with a feeling of cutting his own flesh, for the extra who gathered the last of his courage.

After killing his friend, Ju Su-hyeok’s mentality and reputation shattered.

The Player’s Association and Ju Su-hyeok’s family diligently defended him.

However, because of the chaos created by the demons’ interference, no voice recording remained.

Ju Su-hyeok became a cold-hearted guy who didn’t hesitate to kill his classmate who resisted possession and came back to his senses.

Luckily, thanks to survivors’ testimonies, Ju Su-hyeok wasn’t punished, but Hwang Myeong Foundation regarded him as dangerous.

After Ju Su-hyeok became a second year, he was assigned to class 0.

He picked the curiosity of the chairman, Hwang Myeong-ho, who sent his alter-ego to the 2nd year class 0, to observe him.

That alter-ego, Hwang Jiho, was now in the 1st year class 0.

“Uisin, how did you recognize me?”

“Student Uisin, how did you recognize me?”

We rode the air shuttle waiting before the 1st year building’s door and arrived in Silver Light Building’s chairman’s office.

Immediately after arriving they… no, he spoke without a thought of hiding it with his eyes sparkling.

⟨Reading ‘Hwang Jiho’ character data.⟩

[Name] Hwang Jiho

[Titles] Eungwang School’s first year, Member of mythical Ho tribe, Gaecheon myth’s Hwang-ho (Yellow tiger), Guardian of Divine Realm

[Blessing] ‘The Heavenly God gladly granted my wish’

[Gwangrim] (Inactive)

[Status] Normal

[Overall statistics] Lv. ??

[Skills]

Leap Lv. ??

Brilliant gaze Lv. ??

Roar Lv. ??

(Some loading failed)

[Description]

Hwang-ho appearing in Gaecheon Myth.

Received a power to ‘exist everywhere’ from Heavenly God.

His self can exist anywhere he wishes as long as it’s a ground with Heavenly God’s blessing.

He volunteered to guard the divine realm, which imprisoned Baekho, and Heavenly God agreed to it.

(Some loading failed)

Taking out the name and title, the status window was the same as the chairman’s.

In Gaecheon Myth, Hwang-ho made a wish to Heavenly God to ‘let him exist everywhere’.

Heavenly God granted this wish and Hwang-ho could exist everywhere as he asked.

Simply speaking, he could create an alter-ego.

As every Jin could manipulate their outer age appearance, Hwang-ho could create as many alter-egos of any age as he wanted.

“…Can you speak with just one, please?”

Seeing Hwang-ho in his teens and 60s speak at the same time made my brain hurt.

The majority of Jin people, who weren’t hostile to mankind, made deals with the government and have several reserved family registers.

It seemed Hwang-ho left an empty spot for when he wanted to enter Eungwang School as a student.

Hwang-ho in his teens, Hwang Jiho answered:

“Then talking with me should be more comfortable?”

“Both of you are uncomfortable.”

“Haha, that’s much better than the last time when you were pretending to be polite. But why won’t you tell me how you knew?”

The tone openly mixed with threat.

However, it didn’t seem like I was gonna die right now, because he was approaching me with Hwang Jiho’s appearance.

I was relieved a bit.

Hwang Myeong-ho.

Hwang Jiho.

Hwang-ho.

Thinking about Hwang-ho’s personality, I didn’t have to use my head much.

I immediately came up with an excuse.

“It wouldn’t be interesting if I said it with my own lips, would it?”

Hiding a secret before Hwang-ho, that was the best attitude.

As expected, Hwang Jiho’s eyes sparkled, and then he nodded.

“Then I’ll find it out myself.”

From such thoughts, Hwang-ho was a simple guy.

“By the way, just speak casually when I’m in this form. If I look suspicious because of you… I don’t want to kill you, what should I do?” [3]

Hwang-ho was a simple guy, but he was also a scary guy.

“Okay, got it.”

I immediately spoke casually.

Hwang Jiho smiled as if he was telling a joke, but I knew very well that he said the truth.

‘Maybe it’s a good thing.’

If I could easily contact Hwang-ho it would rather make things easier in the future.

It would also be annoying if I had to visit Silver Light Building every time I had business.

And it would look strange if a freshman often contacted the chairman.

“That’s great, because I just have a request.”

“You want to make another deal?”

As expected, I guess he was thinking about our previous conversation as a ‘deal’.

His words weren’t wrong, so I affirmed.

“Yes. The ‘Entrance exam’s demonic beast intrusion case’ and ‘Sawol Seeum disappearance case’. The Ung tribe is involved directly and indirectly in both of them, but at the same time one of the Eungwang School’s teachers is related to all of it.”

I thought he would also be swept up in the Fantasy Controversy, but he seemed to be lucky and slipped the investigation as his name was still on the class schedule.

That teacher wasn’t even put on the Fantasy List.

The luck and ability to stay afloat was fantastic in the game, but it seemed he displayed it also this time.

“So what?”

The chairman did nothing.

Hwang-ho’s attitude said ‘I don’t care, even if the school faces disaster’.

‘I don’t know why you are sitting in the chairman’s seat if you’re like that.’

His title was the ‘Guardian of Divine Realm’.

The new name of it was Seoul Eungwang District.

Because the Eungwang District was the Divine Realm mentioned in the Gaecheon Myth, where Heavenly God descended from the open sky and granted wishes of the sacred tigers.

‘Yet, why aren’t you doing anything?’

Even when the Ung tribe made a mess at the Eungwang School, his reaction was ‘So what?’.

If he acts like that, there is a question of why Hwang-ho volunteered to be the Guardian of Divine Realm.

It seemed to be difficult to expect Hwang-ho to carry out his duty as a chairman.

I had to say what I wanted first.

“I need that teacher’s list of assets and the list of students he was in charge of during the Eungwang School’s special character screening interview.”

“Got it. Then what you will pay…”

I shook my head.

“It’s not you who I want to make a deal with.”

“Yes?”

“The one I want to make a deal with is Jeok-ho. I want to receive the assets’ details and the list from Jeok-ho on the condition that I’ll tell him the name of that teacher.”

Hwang Jiho didn’t answer immediately.

The mischievous eyes of teenage Hwang Jiho with a pretty appearance sunk low for an extremely brief moment.

Surely, it was the appearance of the same age as me, up to wearing even a school uniform, but Hwang Jiho made an expression which made it hard to estimate his age.

“You know ‘us’ well, huh.”

Of course I did. Because I observed you for 10 years from behind the screen.

I knew you well.

‘But I still cannot understand you.’

The eyes of Hwang Jiho, who was lost in thought for a moment, twinkled again as if he had never said anything.

I guess he expected something fun to happen.

He probably will pass Jeok-ho my words as they were.

“Got it. I’ll inform Jeok-ho. He is currently in a place without signal on a personal matter. It may take a while.”

It was more than enough.

I was a bit worried about a chance to talk to Jeok-ho about the deal.

A mistake I made in the classroom seemed to be a blessing in disguise.

***

After finishing my talk with Hwang Jiho, and before I returned to the dormitory.

I went off the road for a moment.

The Eungwang School’s campus included a gentle low mountain 156m above sea level.

The mountain’s name was Heavenly Wings[4].

If looked from above, the mountain range looked like wings flapping towards the sky, therefore the name.

The residential area was located straight at the bottom of the Heavenly Wings. For that reason, the wild animals sometimes came down to the dormitory’s entrance.

The Eungwang School’s barrier defended against Enemies, Jin people and humans who weren’t registered in the school’s database, but couldn’t stop wild animal invasions.

‘There was an event, among free quests, to eradicate the wild boars invading the dormitory…’

But because the wild boars weren’t otherworldly Enemies, the rewards were poor, so no one did that free quest.

‘Let’s search.’

I ran around the Heavenly Wings Mountain, residential area’s boundary and the walking trail while searching my surroundings.

I was searching for the title heroine An Dain’s pet, ‘Cotton Ball’.

“Where are you, Cotton Ball?”

Early in the PMH’s story.

An Dain raised an abandoned crippled puppy.

An Dain named this extremely cute, with cotton-like fur puppy ‘Cotton Ball’ and raised it in Heavenly Wings Mountain with the permission of the residential area’s management staff.

‘Because bringing pets to the dormitory is forbidden, she could only raise it in the mountains.’

But during the 1st year’s mid 1st semester…

The guys, who were jealous of An Dain, fed Cotton Ball bread mixed with pesticides and killed it.

An Dain buried Cotton Ball while crying loudly, covered in dirt.

‘The process of searching for the perpetrators was a part of the game. It was Ju Su-hyeok’s individual quest. The scene when he threw the caught criminals before An Dain was really good.’

At first, the criminals jumped in anger while denying it.

But when they were confronted with evidence, they said it was a joke. They talked a lot of nonsense like that they fed it pesticides, but they had no idea it would die.

In addition, they claimed it was An Dain who harassed them over one dead puppy, which was a joke at best. They said they were the victims.

‘They couldn’t touch a top-ranking student like Ju Su-hyeok, who was the son of a chaebol house[5], so the cowardly guys aimed for An Dain.’

This case was taken over by a teacher who rebuked An Dain with ‘Don’t harass your friends for a little prank.’ and wanted to punish her.

The punishment didn’t happen because Ju Su-hyeok actively interfered, but the criminals also received no punishment whatsoever.

Angry Ju Su-hyeok wanted to mobilize his house’s power and crush the criminals, but he was stopped by An Dain who was worried he would get involved in a cumbersome affair.

‘It was a typical narrative with case resolution which clearly expressed the hell of social inequality at school.’

It was gutter like reality. Since the school’s reality was a gutter, when an incident blew up, it would usually end up being resolved like that.

‘An Dain has no luck.’

The Eungwang School had many good teachers and students.

Those criminals and that teacher were the worst trash at the Eungwang School.

The criminals were illegally enrolled at Eungwang School, and the teacher received bribes from those guys’ parents.

Ju Su-hyeok and An Dain’s weakness was that they believed every teacher at Eungwang School would be fair to students.

It couldn’t be helped since, though the two were geniuses, they were still innocent highschoolers who couldn’t taste the bitterness of the world yet.

‘Keeping Cotton Ball alive won’t particularly influence the story’s ending, but…’

I hated seeing Cotton Ball die.

And seeing the title heroine An Dain cry.

***

After wandering around Heavenly Wings Mountain, when I looked at the time it was already 6 pm.

The sunset in March is around 6:30 pm.

When it turns dark, even Cotton Ball won’t move.

I uttered to myself the last words while ending the search.

“Cotton Ball, come out a little tomorrow.”

After I return to the residential area, I’ll have to eat dinner in the Earthly Wings[6] dormitory cafeteria, organize the baggage, clean, skip the dormitory orientation…

As I climbed down the mountain while thinking about future plans…

‘What.’

I suddenly felt a gaze from the sky and raised my head.

At the end of the gaze, a pure-white tiger was staring down at me.

‘Baek Ho-gun…!’

At the top of one of the worn-out and outdated vending machines, which were placed everywhere around Heavenly Wings Mountain…

Baek Ho-gun was standing.

The light of the setting sun dyed his white hair red.

I stared fixedly at Baek Ho-gun’s hair in the backlight.

When Baek Ho-gun appeared before people, he usually disguised himself as an ordinary Korean, so I almost never saw his white hair in the game.

Crack.

My eyes met with Baek Ho-gun’s, who jumped down from the vending machine.

The landing felt completely weightless as if a feather fell to the ground.

When he stood up, Baek Ho-gun’s hair was dyed black.

It was the appearance of Baek Ho-gun which I often used as a playable character.

‘Why?’

Baek Ho-gun was staring at me.

Like the time we met after I cleared ‘Tutorial of unnamed supporting character’[7].

‘Why are you behaving differently?’

Even in my previous world, there was a saying that the eyes of the tiger have the power to freeze a person.

Even more, a gaze of Baek-ho of the Ho tribe.

It was difficult to breathe or move.

I needed a solution.

I tried to speak.

“What are you looking at?”

Ah, not that.

Ruined.

Why do such things keep coming out at random today?

And before the tigers.

I had to stop acting like that, but what about repenting after it came out?

It seemed too late already.

I don’t think I can do that.

I tried to stop my mind from going crazy and say as politely as possible, ‘Can you please stop looking at me’.

But…

‘Are you smiling…?’

Baek Ho-gun’s lips were slightly curled up.

Are you smiling? No, are you angry at me?

In the moment I was confused, Baek Ho-gun erased that smile-something from his lips.

Swish.

And in an instant, Baek Ho-gun vanished with the sound of the wind.

I guess he used the Leap skill to fly somewhere.

‘I feel as if the storm shook my brain.’

The Baek Ho-gun of this world was somewhat different.

Like he appeared in the ‘Tutorial of the unnamed supporting character’.

And like now he appeared before me, the 1st year of the Eungwang School, Jo Uisin.

‘It bothers me.’

He was a playable character I used the longest and the one who stayed with me until the last battle.

I was naturally worried.

‘Anyway, there is no need to think about it right now.’

Baek Ho-gun wasn’t a character who harmed others.

There were also no events which would cause him to die besides the last chapter.

I decided to leave considering worries about Baek Ho-gun to future me.

Future me, please do your best.

***

There were five big buildings in the residential area.

The three dormitory buildings of 3 current years, had 20 floors and every floor could be used by up to 30 people.

Fourth was a school staff’s private residence building.

Intuitively, the fifth building, the dormitory’s main building was nicknamed the Wings Hall.

The dormitory Wings Hall contained the Wings[8] meeting room, cafeteria for students living in the dormitory, snack bar, self-study room, seminar room, study room, simulator room, gym and etc…

The dormitory was designed to be used by the entire school, so because the Eungwang ratio of day students was 50%, it was quite comfortable.

Therefore, the usable living space per person had doubled.

The dormitory had double rooms, but unless you applied in advance, one person was assigned per room.

In conclusion, I was using a double room on the 17th floor of the 1st year dormitory building alone.

‘It’s a few times bigger than the room at the hillside slums.’

The dormitory rooms were like small apartments.

It had two bedrooms and a shared living room, kitchen, bathroom and balcony.

After looking around the dormitory room, I unpacked the baggage and activated a 3-dimensional cleaning robot and air purifier, and ended cleaning.

‘Should I wash early and go to sleep?’

There was nothing to do.

Just when I thought so, I recalled that Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun were interested in Eungwang School’s dormitory interior.

I took a few pictures of the dormitory with a wearable device and sent them on the group chat.

[Jang Namuk] The dormitory is nice. Two bedrooms, a living room and a kitchen. Is that over there a bathroom? Do you use a double room alone?

[Yu Sang-hun] Can I come play?

[Me] Right, that’s the bathroom. I use it alone. Visits are possible before 8 pm.

[Jang Namuk] Can students from outside also come? I could visit on weekends.

[Me] no. Violates dormitory rules

[Jang Namuk] Pity ㅠㅠ

[Yu Sang-hun] Go transfer

Right now, I couldn’t tell if Yu Sang-hun ‘bringing Jang Namuk to Eungwang School’ was out of remaining regrets or was he just messing with him.

And Jang Namuk it doesn’t look cute if a guy bigger than me is using ‘ㅠㅠ’.

Just when I was thinking about how to tease Jang Namuk…

⟨Skill ‘Power of Fate’ activated.⟩

I sprang to my feet when the system notification rang without a warning.

I turned off all the wearable device’s deployed holograms and immediately used the Gwangrim.

⟨Using the Gwangrim ‘Player’s Trajectory’.⟩

Thousands of character cards spined around me, emitting light.

With Player’s Trajectory active, it was possible to deal with the majority of any events that may happen.

‘Power of Fate skill is extremely abstract. I can’t predict the situation at all.’

The most useful for short battles would be the ‘100 seconds of Grace’ of ‘Hundred Seconds Gwak Gyeong-gu’.

If we talk about the movement speed, the best was ‘Wei Tuo Tian Under the Moon’ of ‘Flash in the darkness Oh Hyeji’.

Then I looked into the sky and changed my mind.

‘No, the moon isn’t very well visible today because of clouds. Then the best alternative is Meadow Prince Ma Jinseung’s Gwangrim…’

In my head I was preparing the character and moves I could use for the events from the game which happened in the dormitory or cases that could happen in the current situation, when…

One of the character cards circling around me got out of my control.

Against my will, the card escaped outside the closed window.

I immediately opened the balcony’s window and stretched my hand out to catch that card.

‘The playable character on this card is…’

However, before I looked at the card, all my senses told me to look up.

A person was falling from the rooftop of the dormitory building.

*~*~*

[1] Supporting character – okay, so here, raws used the word ‘조연’ which is the same word which is used in the title (that’s why the title is usually translated as ‘Replay of the EX-rank supporting actor in prestigious highschool). 조연 refers to supporting actors whose role is more important than a minor role, but less important than the main one.

If you know that, that’s good, because this translator apparently doesn’t see the difference between a supporting character and an extra.

[2] Possessing devil – category: possession, species: devil.

[3] By the way, just speak casually when I’m in this form – Uisin up to now was using a polite tone.

[4] Heavenly Wings – The Wings can refer to the stars of the 27th mansion in Chinese Constellations.

[5] Chaebol house – chaebol are the families who own a conglomerate under their name and hold enormous political power in Korea.

[6] Earthly Wings – this translator still has no idea about Chinese, but they believe that this name could be also interpreted as ‘located in Wings’ in reference to the dormitory being located in Heavenly Wings Mountain.

[7] Tutorial of unnamed supporting character – Ah… After explaining ‘조연’ in footnote no. 1, I realized that this name also should be Tutorial of unnamed supporting actor… I seem to really hate ‘supporting actor/character’…. I’ll change it after publishing this chapter, probably…

[8] Wings meeting room – Those reading mtl may know them as Jiik club or any alteration of that that mtl likes to create.

Translator’s note: Baek-ho is having fun in this chapter behaving like a cat.

5. 1st year class 0 (3)

Players’ physical and intellectual capabilities are far superior to ordinary people.

The thinking speed is much faster.

The moment I saw a person falling from the rooftop, my mind spun extremely quickly.

My room was on the 17th floor.

A person was falling from the rooftop of a 20-story building.

Considering the building’s height, they will fall about 10-15m before they reach me.

Their weight cannot be determined, so the accurate potential energy cannot be calculated.

However, it’ll be high.

If they collided with an ordinary person, that person would immediately die from sheer impact shock.

I doubted I could stop them with my present physical strength and overall ability level.

Even if I didn’t die and just got hurt, there was a possibility I would drop that falling person.

‘I have to use the Gwangrim.’

The CCTV cameras were installed on the outside walls of the dormitory.

If my Gwangrim, which freely changes my appearance and ability, is revealed to the world, my movements would be restricted.

‘Then I need to use my Gwangrim without changing my outer appearance.’

The very first character that came to mind was my main playable character, who I met a few hours ago, Baek Ho-gun.

The physical strength of Baek Ho-gun, who belonged to the Ho tribe and moreover was a sword user, was enough to withstand the shock.

Baek Ho-gun’s best final version had too short of a usage time to be used.

However, the average version, bearing the Heavenly God’s wrath debuff, could be used without problems.

‘Let Baek Ho-gun’s power descend to my body. If I manifest it with the image of the power being completely tied inside me, rather than that power enveloping my entire body, then…!’

I didn’t know whether it would work, but I could do nothing but try.

It was my first try, but I had to succeed.

I poured my entire concentration into manifesting the Player’s Trajectory with that image.

Paaat—

Baek Ho-gun’s card turned into light and enveloped my body. At the same time, I reached out my hand towards the falling person.

I felt heaviness pressing on my arm, but Baek Ho-gun’s overall statistics were applied and I stably received that person.

And I was still in my 17 years old Jo Uisin appearance.

‘Success. I didn’t change!’

I pulled the body behind me before my hand slipped and safely settled on the balcony.

“Ah…..Aaack!”

“Falling! Someone is falling!”

Seemed like I wasn’t the only one who saw someone falling outside the window.

Then screams raised above, and everything turned noisy.

I looked down at the unconscious person I was holding.

It was a playable character.

It was also a person I met not so long ago.

⟨Reading ‘Lee Lena’ character’s data.⟩

[Name] Lee Lena

[Title] Eungwang’s first year

[Blessing] Watched over by Hariti ‘I’ll keep an eye on her until she opens her eyes’

[Gwangrim] Inactive

[Status] Overall weakness — slight drop in all statistics and skill levels, oath of silence 2, fainted

[Overall statistics] Lv. 8

[Skills]

Disable Trap Lv. 3

Enemy Detection Lv. 2

Whip Martial Art Lv. 1

[Description]

(Some loading failed.)

The person who fell from the sky was Lee Lena, whom I met at the Fantasy Auction.

The child who desperately advised me in the form of Yeom Junyeol to leave that place.

‘Lee Lena…’

I released the Player’s Trajectory and the cards, one after another, lost their light and came back inside me.

The card which flew outside of the window with the stimulation of the Power of Fate, Lee Lena’s character card, disappeared last.

***

In case the incident happened in the dormitory, the first who had to be informed was the Earthly Wings Council, a self-governing organization of students living in the dormitories.

The Eungwang School didn’t have a dormitory manager.

The residential area management team undertook the management of school facilities, but the Wings Council was in charge of managing students in the dormitory, mediating conflicts, enforcing the rules, and managing the system of penalties and merits etc.

The Eungwang School did have a dormitory manager in the past.

However, a problem arose because some directors monopolized their authority over the managers and the shady recruitment process.

They were incompetent people with connections, without even player’s qualifications.

And they harbored feelings of inferiority and envy towards the players of Korea’s most prestigious highschool.

The managers delighted in hurting the excellent students of Eungwang School by using their insignificant status and authority, and proving their superiority to themselves.

‘A few incidents were even mentioned in the game.’

‘Disciplinary punishment of the group of 3rd year students, a day before SAT’

‘Sexual assault in the Wings’ study hall’

‘Public corporal punishment in the Wings’ student cafeteria’

The list goes on.

After numerous reports and accusations, the managers were judged by law, received the penalties’ fees and were sent on probation, but they narrowly dodged the prison and weren’t even fired.

The directors and managers cooperated, and every year they embezzled the budget in the name of dormitory management and operation. As a result, the directors, who couldn’t let go of this money, gave the managers perfect protection.

With directors’ backing, the managers took their shameless and obscene harassment of students even further.

‘The situation improved 15 years ago, after the student council president was inaugurated and came forward.’

15 years ago, the student council president led Eungwang School students with intention to fire the dormitory managers and corrupted directors.

Student council began ‘Eungwang School’s students’ signature campaign’, demanding their dismissal, stepping down and retirement.

Even absent, hospitalized or students who were studying abroad for a short term, sent their signatures by mail.

The signature campaign received explosive support and gathered signatures of the entire school in the process, breaking the records. But the majority of directors continued their shameless behavior.

‘The students who will graduate within 3 years at best have nothing to do with the school management. The directors’ board has a duty to teach pretentious students of the elite highschool some manners.’ the geezers[1] defended their positions like that.

‘Therefore, the matter continued to grow bigger.’

When the signature campaign ended in failure, even teachers joined the students’ side.

The Eungwang School’s students and teachers refused to hold classes and held a silent protest before the Silver Light Building.

The Student Council made a video of the entire case records, evidence and process.

They released the video with subtitles in 38 languages on various video sites and actively took parts in interviews with media, revealing the details of the situation.

When attention of the entire country and foreign media concentrated on the first scandal which happened at the Korea’s most prestigious Player special highschool, the directors were backed into a corner.

Finally, chairman Hwang Myeong-ho, who was absent for a long time, returned and accepted the students’ proposal, ending the controversy.

The five directors, whose acts of embezzlement and breach of trust were exposed to the public in the process, were removed. All managers lost their jobs and after their crimes were revealed, they were put behind prison bars.

What was created in this process was ‘Earthly Wings Council’, an autonomous dormitory organization.

The Wings Council joined the Student Council, Guideline Club and General Club Council as student representative organization in Eungwang School.

And now, a person flew up to my dormitory room’s balcony, riding a manually operated airboard. He was the Wings Council president and third year of Eungwang School, Seong Siwan.

‘I guess someone immediately informed the Wings Council.’

It is possible to find this room if you saw a video recording from the CCTV surveillance outside the dormitory.

The representative of the student organization was issued a license and had permission to use a manually operated airboard on the school grounds in case of emergencies, so Seong Siwan could fly straight here.

Even so, coming within 2 minutes was too fast.

“I saw CCTV and came. Are you okay?”

I guess Seong Siwan came in an extreme hurry.

As if he jumped out of the shower, his hair dripped with water and his T-shirt was turned inside out.

The ends of his hair were a bit frozen because of the blowing night breeze of early March.

“I’m okay. The child who fell, fainted.”

“Okay… Can I come in?”

“Yes, please.”

Seong Siwan stepped down from the airboard onto the balcony, took off his shoes and then entered the room. He examined Lee Lena who lay on the sofa.

It was still noisy outside and in the neighboring rooms.

The first years’ building had 20 floors.

The floors 1 to 10 were female dorms.

The floors 11 to 20 were male dorms.

And I was on the 17th floor.

If Lee Lena was here, it would be immediately noticed.

“It seems she is not injured. The recovery item won’t be needed.”

Seong Siwan sighed deeply as if relieved and put the recovery item card in his hand into a pocket.

“Uisin, I’m sorry…. Can we say class 0 was joking for now?”

“Yes?”

“Uisin and Lena are both class 0. It will be me who will say it was a joke, so when it doesn’t add up and there will be a problem, I’ll take responsibility and explain. But you’re the one who saved Lena…. I’m really sorry.”

Seong Siwan bowed his head to me.

I was surprised that Seong Siwan didn’t hesitate to bow his head before a 1st year student. I was also surprised that he knew my name.

‘No way. Did you memorize the names of all dormitory students?’

However, the biggest surprise was that Lee Lena belonged to class 0.

Because in the game, Lee Lena wasn’t in class 0.

‘It’s not bad to treat it as a joke for now.’

Being caught in a suicide commotion.

Being caught in a joke.

I didn’t have to think which would be more of a problem.

At least until I hear a detailed situation from Lee Lena, this matter had to be kept under wraps.

Once I nodded, Seong Siwan made half relived, half apologetic expression and then stuck out his head through the balcony window and shouted in a loud voice:

“Go back! The class 0 kids were joking!”

For a while, noises stopped, and then I heard voices from everywhere.

“Wings president hyung came. Hey, go back!”

“Class 0 acknowledgment. You’re a real story from the first day.”

“Class 0 guys, run crazy a bit quieter. It’s the first day!”

“Was that skill training?”

“I guess they’re preparing for April Fool’s Day in the future. I thought they were really falling.”

“It’s the same as I heard at orientation! Amazing.”

All the opened windows around the 1st year dormitory closed, and in an instant it became quiet.

It was a bit too ridiculous speed of quieting down.

“It’s probably because during the dormitory orientation, when I explained what to do when faced with a mysterious event… 4 out of 5 examples were cases caused by previous generations of class 0.”

Previous class 0 generations are too strong.

What the hell did they do?

No, I guess if you think about class 0’s achievements in the game, that reaction was completely natural.

Filling all of the school’s water tanks with coffee milk.

Creating an enormous ice castle in the school’s lake.

Causing dozens of explosion incidents on the old school site which was scheduled to be demolished.

There was even more than that.

I was very concerned what those 5 incidents, which they heard about, were.

I should have gone to the dormitory orientation.

In the time I had such thoughts, Seong Siwan was making a call through the wearable device.

“Teacher Ham Geun-hyeong-nim. It’s Seong Siwan. Yes…Did you even hear from the staff dormitory? That’s right, she was rescued in the middle. No one was injured…Yes, class 0….Yes? Both of them are class 0. Lee Lena and Jo Uisin. Yes. We’ll go immediately.”

Seems like Seong Siwan informed class 0’s homeroom teacher, Ham Geun-hyeong.

I could only hear Seong Siwan’s voice, but I could imagine what Ham Geun-hyeong said.

“I think you have to go see teacher Ham Geun-hyeong-nim. Let’s go straight from the balcony. The airboard can take 4 people if you apply the passenger extension mode.”

While Seong Siwan went out on the balcony to prepare the airboard, I wrapped Lee Lena with a blanket item he handed to me.

‘…She is much thinner.’

She was paler than Lee Lena I saw at the Fantasy Auction.

I felt sorry for this small, white like sheet face.

I meticulously wrapped Lee Lena in the blanket so she couldn’t be seen from outside or exposed to the cold.

“We can depart.”

Seong Siwan confirmed that me and Lee Lena were aboard and started the airboard.

In consideration of Lee Lena, he drove very slowly.

“Does it happen often?”

“Uh?”

“You seem used to it.”

When Seong Siwan just came to my room, he looked embarrassed.

However, he prepared a recovery item and a blanket, and immediately contacted the homeroom teacher. His action figure was impressive.

It was the foresight and swiftness likely seen in the person who experienced this situation a lot.

“…Every year, there are suicide incidents in prestigious highschools and prestigious universities. Especially in schools where only players attend. Before we always belonged to the 15% of special people, wherever we went.”

Seong Siwan didn’t answer my question directly and spoke vaguely.

“Some kids cannot bear it, because when only players gather together, that specialness disappears.”

Seong Siwan words stopped for a while, and he glanced sideways at Lee Lena who I was holding in my arms.

“But for Lena there may be another reason on the first day of school.”

While I was listening to Seong Siwan’s words, the airboard landed before the school employees’ residence building.

Before we arrived at the teachers’ dormitory where Ham Geun-hyeong was waiting.

Lee Lena opened her eyes.

*~*~*

[1] geezers – 꼰대 – a hateful slang referring to an old person with an authoritarian mindset and who is using their status to harass others. It can be used for younger people too. It is also sometimes translated as Boomer in English as they are from the same ‘generation’, but this translator doesn’t think it conveys the meaning very well.

Translator’s note: Let’s not think about the terrible reality described in the last conversation, does anyone want coffee milk? I want coffee milk so badly now.

5. 1st year class 0 (4)

Lee Lena blinked her unusually round eyes and struggled a little.

I said to Lee Lena who opened her eyes.

“Are you okay?”

I, who held Lee Lena in my arms, and Seong Siwan, who was opening the door to the teacher’s lounge before me, quietly observed Lee Lena.

“Ah…”

Suddenly, Lee Lena’s face turned pure white.

I had a feeling when I saw this face…

It seemed Lee Lena had truly made up her mind to die.

“Come in.”

Ham Geun-hyeong took the towel off his head and put it on the table and then gestured toward us.

He would have been entirely dry in 3 minutes if he used the whole-body drier in the bathroom.

It seemed Ham Geun-hyeong didn’t want us to wait, so he waited here in advance with only a towel.

Cush.

I put down Lee Lena, who was wrapped in a blanket, on the sofa opposite Ham Geun-hyeong.

Ham Geun-hyeong looked between me and Lee Lena, then turned towards Seong Siwan.

“I told the dormitory students that class 0 was playing a joke… Wouldn’t it be best to tell them the details later?”

“Okay. Dry your head a little before you catch a cold.”

“It’s okay… Ah, thank you.”

Ham Geun-hyeong threw a towel at Seong Siwan, whose hair was a bit frozen here and there.

Even if I was worried about Lee Lena it would be best if I leave.

I bowed towards Ham Geun-hyeong and said:

“Then I’ll go. Goodbye.”

“Goodbye, Jo Uisin. Let’s talk tomorrow.”

When I and Seong Siwan were about to leave the room…

Lee Lena suddenly stretched her hand through the blanket and grabbed me.

“Uh?”

I looked at the protruding bone of her arm, which weakly squeezed the hem of my uniform’s sleeve.

“…Ah, sorry.”

Lee Lena hesitated and took away her hand.

She seemed to be afraid of something.

‘Perhaps…’

Lee Lena’s situation.

Lee Lena’s parents.[1]

Fantasy Auction.

Looking back one by one, I guessed what Lee Lena was afraid of.

‘…Are you afraid of adults?’

Ham Geun-hyeong was a rough-looking adult in his late 30s.

Seong Siwan was a third year highschooler, but he had dignity worthy of the Wings Council’s president.

On the other hand, I was her first year highschool peer, had an average build and was even still wearing a school uniform.

It seemed that from those three people, Lee Lena was most comfortable with me.

It would be best if I remain here.

“Teacher Ham Geun-hyeong-nim. Can I go a little later?”

“…Okay.”

Seong Siwan observed me and Lee Lena, then leaned against the wall and started to dry his hair.

I guess he didn’t want to leave two dormitory students here.

I sat beside Lee Lena.

After I sat down, Lee Lena grabbed the hem of my sleeve again.

Was it an unconscious action?

‘It would be better for me to speak than Ham Geun-hyeong.’

I conveyed it to Ham Geun-hyeong through my eyes, and Ham Geun-hyeong, who read my intentions, nodded.

“May I ask what happened?… If not, do you want to go and rest today?”

Forcing her to speak about what happened would have an adverse effect.

I had to leave Lee Lena room to escape and ask carefully..

‘Let’s wait.’

Lee Lena didn’t speak for a long time.

However, neither Ham Geun-hyeong, nor Seong Siwan, nor me urged her.

To not put useless pressure on her, we tactfully turned our gazes away and waited patiently.

“Today, my parents were permanently expelled from the Players’ Association, so…”

So Lee Lena’s parents were connected to this.

Ham Geun-hyeong covered his mouth to hide his hardened expression, as if he knew what had happened.

“But they said it’s all my fault. Because I had to be born like that.”

Lee Lena’s eyes started to fill with tears.

“It’s all because of me, and… I guess if I wasn’t alive…”

Lee Lena’s words gradually turned into sobs.

Nothing was heard but increasing muffled sounds of crying.

She collapsed from exhaustion after crying.

After that we left Lee Lena to the teacher in charge of life guidance for 1st year female students and left the staff residence.

Breaking the grip of the thin hand which clenched at the hem of my clothes felt much more difficult than smashing the Fantasy Auction.

***

Seong Siwan went earlier to report this matter to Wings Council.

Ham Geun-hyeong replaced Seong Siwan and came out to see me off to the 1st year dormitory building.

“It’s the Fantasy Controversy, right?”

Ham Geun-hyeong halted in his footsteps and stared at me.

“Recently, the Player’s Association only permanently expelled the Players involved in the Fantasy Controversy.”

Lee Lena wasn’t in class 0 in the game.

Then the reason for her suddenly entering class 0 was for sure the Fantasy Controversy.

Ham Geun-hyeong answered in a bit of a firm voice.

“Lee Lena doesn’t have Sillentium’s coin brand that the Red Wall Thief left on the hands of participants. She cooperated with the police and the Association and gave her testimony. But because her parents were a bit more involved, it was decided she would be sent to class 0.”

The Fantasy Controversy was one of the biggest scandals in the current Player’s world.

If this became known, Lee Lena would have to bear her parent’s crimes even though she was completely innocent.

I was able to guess what Ham Geun-hyeong was worried about.

“I know Lee Lena is completely innocent.”

“…Okay.”

Hearing my words, Ham Geun-hyeong’s expression relaxed and then he smiled for the first time today.

“Today you saved Lee Lena’s life, Jo Uisin.”

Ham Geun-hyeong had a harsh and fierce atmosphere, but when he was smiling, he looked like an ordinary teacher encouraging his student.

“If Lena fell all the way down to the first floor, even if she survived, she would’ve been in enough pain to kill an ordinary person… And the current Lena would think it was her paying for a life she didn’t deserve.”

Ham Geun-hyeong softly patted me on the back.

“Good job, Jo Uisin.”

When we arrived at my dormitory room and Ham Geun-hyeong said his goodbyes, it was quite late.

When I was about to take a shower and prepare to go to bed…

I noticed something sparkling in the corner of the living room.

‘This…’

It was the golden ribbon Lee Lena tied her hair with.

When did it fall off?

I tried to carefully pick it up so it wouldn’t wrinkle.

The ribbon, which had been laying abandoned on the floor for so long, was cold like a piece of thin ice.

‘Lee Lena’s parents[2]…’

There was one more thing I had to do.

I immediately recalled which move I should play.

***

During today’s morning’s training, I lightly ran around Heavenly Wings Mountain while searching for Cotton Ball.

With said ‘light run’, which was several times faster than the fastest sprint of an ordinary person, I finished the trail around Heavenly Wings Mountain.

Was everyone training inside because the day was cold?

‘There is no one besides me on the trail.’

When I climbed a bit higher, far away, I saw dormitory students who chose the ‘Eungwang School Training Course’ lining up.

The Eungwang School also had a training curriculum.

However, it was left to a student to choose whether they wanted to follow that curriculum or not.

The students who preferred to train alone and freely adjust their leisure time.

The student who needed regular activity management and colleagues following the same program.

The Eungwang School, which gathered those two types of students, gave them a choice and even let them join or quit in the middle.

Because it would be hard to move if I had some time tied, I chose self-learning.

‘It’ll be more comfortable to continue personal body training.’

When I first came to this world, my overall statistics were Lv. 10.

Three months later, I was Lv. 13.

Usually, the level of the 1st year student was between level 10 and 20. Considering it was the beginning of the first semester, the physical ability of the first years will be moderate.

With ‘Player’s Trajectory’ characteristics, the priority of body training was low.

Because when using the Gwangrim, the overall statistics matched those of character.

From the start, I didn’t need to depend on my level because I could actually feel the damage limit increase as my overall statistics raised.

‘However, it would be better to increase the number of usable pieces to prepare for unexpected situations.’

My Gwangrim was different compared to other people.

Yesterday I succeeded in finding a way to use a character’s powers without changing my appearance.

Even so, if possible, I didn’t want to be seen using the Player’s Trajectory by other people.

‘If it got out that I’m the Red Wall Thief, Yu Sang-hun would make fun of me for the next 10 years.’

The title Red Wall Thief made my hands, feet, space and time shrink.

I have to make sure I’m not revealed.

This is the biggest reason.

‘I’m curious about the face of the reporter who gave me the title of Red Wall Thief.’

If possible, I wanted to give them an embarrassing title just like mine.

“Cotton Ball, where in the world are you?”

This morning’s search for Cotton Ball was fruitless.

The alarm in the wearable device rang after the training time ended.

I headed back to the dormitory to prepare for school.

***

The classes started at 9 am and the morning day-start meeting started at 8.30 am.

Currently, it is 8.00 am.

I was only one in the 1st year class 0 classroom.

“Hi!”

One of the playable characters, Kim Yuri, greeted me first.

“Ah, hi.”

After I replied to her greetings, Kim Yuri stood up from her seat and came my way.

Kim Yuri, who was much taller than most students her age, looked resolute as she walked.

In the game’s illustrations, she was usually drawn with magnolias. It seemed they were well matched.

⟨Reading ‘Kim Yuri’s character data.⟩

[Name] Kim Yuri

[Title] Eungwang School’s 1st year class 0

[Blessing] Advice of the Jin which hides their name: ‘Be a little more courageous’

[Gwangrim] (Sealed)

[Status] Normal

[Overall statistics] Lv. 15

[Skills]

Fencing Lv. 4

Danger Detection Lv. 2

Sprinter Lv. 2

…

…

…

When I checked her status, her Gwangrim was sealed.

‘Nothing changed from the game.’

After Kim Yuri turned 17 years old and experienced her Gwangrim for the first time, she fell into a state of panic.

She was terrified of her own Gwangrim.

It was so bad she voluntarily joined class 0 and personally requested from the Player’s Association to keep a seal on her Gwangrim.

‘She hid it from her close friend An Dain until she died.’

In the end, Kim Yuri couldn’t overcome her fear of her Gwangrim and died.

“I’m Kim Yuri. Nice to meet you.”

“Jo Uisin. Also nice to meet you.”

We both were wearing name tags and already knew each other’s names, but we exchanged typical greetings.

“Uisin, do you remember when we had to choose class president and vice class president yesterday? I became a class president, but Han Yi said she doesn’t like being a class official. Do you or Hwang Jiho want to take this role? Ah, I can step down if you would want to be class president.”

‘Other kids don’t come to school, so I couldn’t ask them.’

…She added with a friendly attitude, even towards me, who she saw for the first time.

Seeing how naturally she led the conversation, it seemed she was a class president or a vice president when she was in middle school.

‘Considering the future, I certainly wish to be a class president or vice class president.’

It was even better if a proper class official partner like Kim Yuri was added.

“Hwang Jiho would be bothered by a class official position. I’ll be vice class president.”

It wasn’t a lie.

Hwang Jiho, no, should I say Hwang Myeong-ho?

Anyway, Hwang-ho looked annoyed with his current position as chairman.

“Wow, thank goodness. Let’s work hard during the 1st year.”

Kim Yuri said brightly.

It seemed she was worrying there would be no one to take the position of vice class president, because class 0 was famous for having numerous extreme oddballs.

“Uisin, give me your device code.”

“Okay. Please send me yours.”

From now on we would be class president and vice class president.

It would be handy to know each other’s contact information.

We deployed holograms and exchanged wearable devices codes. Then we chatted while waiting for the day-start meeting.

“Uisin, you’re that ‘Unknown Supernova’, right? I didn’t expect you to come to class 0.”

“It just sort of happened.”

I also didn’t know I would come here.

Because I was half forced to come as a result of the deal with Hwang-ho.

‘It didn’t turn out to be a bad choice.’

I was physically close to the key characters in class 1 and class 2.

There were also many characters in class 0 that I wanted to help.

Also, when I do something not suited for an Eungwang School student, it will probably be treated as ‘Class 0 did it again’ and I’ll pass by smoothly without any particular doubt.

“I think class 0 is quite good. Other classes have fifty people, but class 0 has less than twenty. It’ll be easier to get help from the homeroom teacher, and the classroom we use is spacious.”

Kim Yuri really seemed to like class 0.

“Did you see the general schedule? This morning class ‘Player’s combat practice 1’ is a joint lesson.

Player’s combat practice 1.

First lesson.

In the game, it was an event with little importance.

Kim Yuri’s words continued.

“Our class is small, so we will be together with class 1 and class 2.”

The 1st year class 1 and 1st year class 2 were classes of the main characters in this world, Ju Su-hyeok and An Dain.

The first lesson will be with the two main characters.

*~*~*

[1] Lee Lena’s parents – Is it parents-nim again?

[2] Lee Lena’s parents (nr. 2) – No honorifics again. Just parents.

Translator’s note: Every time Jo Uisin mention that someone is tall, I imagine he needs to look up when he talks to them, because he is so small…

6. First lesson (1)

The black history.

It was slang for a past you were ashamed of and wanted to dispose of.

Even a perfect and extraordinary genius who didn’t lack anything: abilities, character, popularity, wealth, wits and appearance, the title hero of PMH, Ju Su-hyeok had a black history.

On the day of Ju Su-hyeok and An Dain’s first lesson…

During the lesson ‘Player’s combat practice 1’, An Dain met her close friend Kim Yuri and smiled brightly for the first time since entering the school.

Seeing this smile in front of him, Ju Su-hyeok took a great tumble.

It was bad enough that if not for the player’s body, he would have suffered a concussion or his body would have broken somewhere.

Even Ju Su-hyeok, who was second to none, was just a highschool student with a trembling heart before the smile of the woman who he fell in love with at first sight.

‘An Dain doesn’t smile often, so Ju Su-hyeok was caught off guard. Because even the polite smile on her cold face was only the subtly raised corners of her mouth.’

Ju Su-hyeok’s wretched slapstick comedy show attracted the gazes of a hundred people, including the woman he fell in love with.

In a state of shattered spirit, he had a 1 on 1 spar with An Dain.

The spar ended with Ju Su-hyeok’s crushing defeat.

An Dain was a bit suspicious of Ju Su-hyeok’s poor appearance and Ju Su-hyeok who was aware of it, suffered even more.

It was the key event during the first lesson, which was about to take place now.

5 minutes before the start of the lesson.

Everyone from class 0 arrived at the gym 1 used by 1st years.

Following Kim Yuri’s words, who said that maybe other class 0 kids will come to school, we waited in the classroom until the last moment.

However, just like before, today only four students from 1st year class 0 came to school. Me, Hwang Jiho, Kim Yuri and Han Yi.

The four of us moved together, but the moment we arrived, I pretended to look around the gym and positioned myself behind Ju Su-hyeok.

“Yuri!”

An Dain discovered Kim Yuri and greeted her.

An Dain waved her hand with an expression as if hundreds of flowers bloomed all at once.

Her beautiful face, which was usually criticized as looking as if it was sculpted in ice, showed a sunlight-like smile.

The students looking at An Dain made surprised expressions.

But it was the fact that An Dain and Kim Yuri remained completely oblivious as they started to chat.

Thud.

At the side, I caught Ju Su-hyeok who was about to trip over.

I had no idea how he fell, but Ju Su-hyeok’s feet were instantly dangling in the air. [1]

Thanks to me being prepared, the disaster where we both fell didn’t happen.

“Are you okay?”

“….Ah, sorry. I’m ok.”

Ju Su-hyeok leaned against my shoulder with a stunned expression like before.

Though, even a blank look was an art piece on Ju Su-hyeok’s handsome face.

There were even a few people behind us who stared at Ju Su-hyeok’s face with even more stunned expressions than him.

“Are you really okay? It seems you’re going to spar with An Dain during today’s lesson. Your grades are the same.”

“What? Ah, that. Yes, okay.”

He looked completely not okay.

The moment Ju Su-hyeok heard the words ‘An Dain’, his cheeks were dyed deep red.

But soon he took a deep breath and started to calm down.

His heart trembled before his first love, but Ju Su-hyeok was also one of the main characters in this world.

Now he won’t show such an ugly appearance like in the game.

‘It should be okay now.’

When I was about to leave Ju Su-hyeok alone and step aside, Ju Su-hyeok spoke to me:

“Thanks, Jo Uisin.”

Ju Su-hyeok knew my name.

I felt strange because the main character from the game called my name before me.

“…You know my name?”

“During the practical exam, my exam’s ground was just beside yours. I saw your faces and name tags when you were taken to hospital after the incident. You also know my name.”

There was no indication of blanking out from a moment ago on Ju Su-hyeok’s face who spoke with a refreshing smile.

‘What a good memory.’

Did he say that he remembered the faces and name tags of the people who brushed past him in that confusing and chaotic mess?

If that’s right, then he may remember Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun.

“There is no one among first years who doesn’t know the names Ju Su-hyeok and An Dain.”

“Haha. If you come out like that, the same is for Unknown Supernova.”

Ju Su-hyeok continued the conversation extremely naturally.

He had an ability to easily make another person smile and be comfortable.

‘When I saw him in the game, I thought he was just a sociable guy.’

Actually seeing him now, he had attractiveness that pulled a person towards him and an eloquence that seized that person.

‘That’s why even Jin people must have reached out to Ju Su-hyeok‘

The class bell rang and we stopped talking.

“This class bell…”

The feast of string and wind instruments spread through the air, leaving a magnificent echo.

The magic created by brass, woodwinds and strings evoked a melody full of liveliness.

I heard occasional conversations in lowered voices in order not to disturb the students who were appreciating the music.

“Are they performing in person? What is the title of it? I think I heard it somewhere.”

“It’s the Pomp and Circumstance March no.1 in D, composed by Elgar…. Wow, they even organized the 2 pipe section.”

“This is the first bell, so I guess they gathered the entire orchestra for the string and wind part.”

“I like this music. I should download it.”

As the music continued, the sound of conversation gradually diminished.

Here and there, students opened the holograms to download the music.

In the Eungwang School, the class bell’s music changed every day and every hour.

The one in charge of the class bells was the Music Club.

String instruments, wind instruments, orchestra, piano, samul nori[2], rock, traditional, vocals, choir, self-composed, etc. music was used to make a class bell.

Any song was possible if they played it themselves.

From today’s classical music to hit songs, to even self-composed works.

Even trot or pansori[3].

Every song played by students was put on the homepage of the Eungwang School’s Broadcast Club.

The class bell rang for 1 minute, but on the homepage you could download the full version.

‘I should make a donation and download it today.’

You could get the full version of the class bell for free, but if you wished, you could also make a donation.

The one minute given to the class bell passed, but the music still didn’t fade after teachers appeared.

After the conversation stopped and we appreciated the music, me and Ju Su-hyeok returned to our seats.

“See you next time, Uisin.”

“Okay.”

Ju Su-hyeok went to meet with the students of his own class, 1st year class 2. I turned towards class 0 kids.

***

Three teachers introduced themselves before 104 students standing in 2 columns specific for each class.

The homeroom teacher of the 1st year class 0, Ham Geun-hyeong.

The homeroom teacher of the 1st year class 1, Kim Sinrok.

The homeroom teacher of the 1st year class 2, No Yeong-mi.

Ham Geun-hyeong was a playable character and No Yeong-mi was a non-playable character.

However, Kim Sinrok was someone I saw for the first time.

In the game, the homeroom teacher of class 1 was a trash called Choe Pyeondeuk.

⟨Character not registered in the database. Character data cannot be read.⟩

I couldn’t read the character information with the Exclusive Menu.

The homeroom teacher of the 1st year class 1, where title heroine An Dain belonged, ought to be an important role.

But he was a character unregistered in the database.

‘Choe Pyeondeuk is still perfectly alive, so why would you change the homeroom teacher?’

After I stared at Kim Sinrok and examined him closely, I found his face familiar somehow.

‘He is the supervisor who appeared dying during the unnamed supporting character’s tutorial…!’

He was the supervisor who, during the entrance practical exam, appeared almost dead and shouted to us to run.

‘According to the setting, he was critically injured in the Ung tribe’s surprise attack and then thrown into the gym with the Enemy and died with the students taking the exam…’

I guess Kim Sinrok was originally the homeroom teacher of class 1.

Then in the game, Choe Pyeondeuk took over Kim Sinrok’s place after he died.
