1. The last chapter update of the national game wreck

An amazing game which is known by the entire nation is called a national gem game and the ruined[2] game is called a national game wreck.

The Republic of Korea didn’t have a national gem game, but there existed a national game wreck.

Up until now, this game had been released for about 10 years.

Mobile RPG ‘Player Meister Highschool’, or ‘PMH’ for short.

In the modern era of rapid changes caused by the Clash of Different Worlds.

Meister high school trained Players possessing superpowers.

That school was a background for the mobile role-playing game, where you progress the story or clear quests by controlling numerous characters.

The start of PMH, which became a hot topic even before the opening[3], looked great.

The highest development and marketing costs in the history of the gaming community.

The opening song sang by a famous and talented singer who topped the music charts.

The CMs were broadcast on airwaves, cable TV and general broadcasting stations during the golden hours.

The posters filled every bus, bus stop, subway wall and screen door.

The banners and video ads were plastered all over the portal sites.

It wasn’t an exaggeration to say that in the whole country, there was no one who didn’t see PMH’s ad.

‘I found the game of a lifetime!’

I was one of the three million pre-registered users who thought like this.

The day of PMH’s service launch was a day after university exams[4].

I, who was free as the exams just ended, dived in from the first day of service together with three million users.

But for numerous gamers, PMH became a game wreck of a lifetime.

Characters, skills and items messed up the game balance all alike.

The number of bugs just increased day by day without any being fixed.

Difficult controls, which one didn’t know if they were made to work this way or to made one feel like dog-shit.

Small rewards for extremely repetitive grindy elements, without auto function.

If you excluded the ‘Request another Player’s[5] help’ command, it was only single Player mode and the multi-element was missing.

The zero stars terror continued at the store, and the reviews were overflowing with declarations of quitting and curses.

However, the fans who were solid like concrete endured.

It was overflowing with weaknesses, but this game also had strengths.

Beautiful high-quality illustrations.

The character rendering and in-game graphics which are on par with those illustrations.

Detailed and attractive character settings.

The concrete fandom couldn’t let go of this game.

But even that didn’t last.

The development of the story without dreams or hope broke the concrete’s mentality.

[thanks to the story of water that started to rot from the day of opening, refund run goes]

[I run now because of all raised characters, family, good teachers and friends[6] died. Anyone who succeeded in the refund run, I ask for information. Thank You[7].]

[Because Dragon Teach-nim Jeokho hyung fu*ked-up deaths, devs lost all screws. You guys flee quickly. I understand your hearts, but look up the refund page a bit.]

[The military recruitment notice came when I was trying to forget about it. Isn’t that lucky?]

[I’m so suffocated because of the nuclear sweet potato[8] story development I think I’m going to fall back now. Getting off!]

[I won’t speak long. Quit. Let your brain live without playing this game.]

[I’m transferring cafe management staff positions. If there is no application comments within 3 days, I plan to randomly transfer it and drop out.]

After the story where the majority of characters ended up being slaughtered were unfolded.

The PHM unofficial info-sharing community was ruined and the remains of the concrete broke off.

Later this event came to be called the ‘PMH concrete collapse incident’ in the gaming community.

And such words started to circulate in the gaming community.

‘Don’t associate with the Player Meister Highschool stagnant waters[9]’

PMH was a rare game wreck engraved in the gaming history.

They said that no one but game developers[10] or freaks played it, but as both of them were dangerous types, don’t associate with them.

On the other side, I repeatedly took breaks and returned, while listening to the word ‘freak’.

Each time a story update came, the Playable Character and people around them died miserably.

The mindset of the surviving characters crumbled.

Even so, I kept enduring to read the next story.

‘If even one more person dies, I’ll really quit!’

I truly thought so at those moments.

However, while I thought that, more than a double digits of characters died, but I didn’t quit.

At some point, I didn’t even take a break, which I used to do sometimes.

Even after joining the army, I used the 3 hours of available smartphone time to keep playing.

“Youngest.”

“Yes, private Jo Uisin at your service, sir!”

“What game are you playing?”

“… Player Meister Highschool.”

The atmosphere in the barracks instantly became heavy.

The mouth of sergeant Choe who held a smartphone in one hand and the TV controller in the other hung wide open.

Sergeant Choe’s eyes were saying he was looking at an idiot who was diving head-first into the ground, and he said to me:

“Huh, this pitiful bastard.’”

Until I was discharged I was treated as a pitiful bastard.

Until sergeant Choe was discharged, thanks to ‘don’t touch pitiful bastard’ policy, my army life was comparatively comfortable.

But after corporal dog, no, corporal Gye[11] became sergeant Gye, I was constantly bullied until my discharge.

A few years later, I really became a pitiful bastard.

“4th stage of lung cancer.”

I didn’t know what kind of sound[12] I was hearing right now.

It was not a sound that a gamer, who couldn’t even afford the costs of cigarettes should hear.

“It’s rare, but there are cases where lung cancer can develop to the 4th stage without any symptoms.”

Words of ‘There are many People[13] even among the non-smokers who suffer from lung cancer’ were added.

After that, the doctor spoke some more.

Half of what the doctor said came in one ear and came out the other.

I barely understood what follows:

If early, I would die within six months.

If I received treatment and the prognosis was good, I could expect to live three more years.

Even if I apply for health insurance, without work, I wouldn’t be able to bear the hospitalization cost long term.

After saying that I’ll think about it, I didn’t visit the hospital again.

I lost my parents-nim as a middle school student and living on scraps in the relative house, graduated from high school.

I graduated from 4-year university, while repeatedly taking leaves of absence to earn living expenses and tuition fees, and returning to study.

The arranged job opportunity thanks to the professor’s recommendation, was given to a parachute[14] instead and for a year I lived as a jobseeker.

I survived on part-time work and at last succeeded in getting a job last month.

When I got a health check for the necessary recruitment health check-up documents, I received a clear terminal patient diagnosis.

This life which was worth living even though there were many difficult things was coming to an end like this.

I became a game junkie.

Up till now, I was a common gamer, with some social life.

However now I shut myself in a gosiwon[15], stopped all productive activities and socializing, and only stared at the smartphone with sunken eyes.

I ended up as a recessed game junkie with no excuses.

‘One of the reasons for my cancer must be this game.’

I lamented thinking about having cancer a few times when playing PHM.

But even now, when I had cancer and was going to die, I couldn’t let go of this game.

Recently, the coughing became worse.

I spat out cough mixed with blood two or three times a day.

Sometimes, because my whole body hurt so much I thought I was going to die, I couldn’t sleep.

The painkillers sold at the pharmacy didn’t help even a bit.

‘Is it time to die?’

I was okay when playing the game, but during game maintenance, I couldn’t come up with anything but thoughts about death.

When I refreshed the game news tab of the portal site to distract myself.

The main article changed.

[Masterpiece mobile RPG Player Meister Highschool’s final chapter update expected today!]

Dying or whatever, curses came out automatically.

I clicked the article straight away and commented:

[jo2god111: Why is an article about such game wreck’s update on the main news? What a great masterpiece. If you have money to throw at reporters, do a balance patch or fix bugs.]

Within a few minutes, comments were posted under mine.

[kye777ing: So real. PMH parents left, but that dogshiiiiiiiiiitgamewreck is still not shut down? I can’t sit at the same table as the bastards who play this game.]

It was correct to say that PMH was a game wreck.

But as I endured even XXX nonsense, my mood became foul.

Even if you’re going to roast, shouldn’t at least a person, who played this game, do the roasting?

I roasted it, but even then it was in a rotten spirit as the fan who played this gamewreck myself.

I impulsively made a reply.

[jo2god111: That’s a bit harsh. Did try to play it in person before roasting?]

After that, an explosive reaction under my comment continued.

[zxYJ0008xz: jo2god111 what is it, seems like you’re sick?]

[kye777ing: Are you crazy? Look again at the comment you wrote and then come back.]

[dudtn90: Please don’t feed trolls.[16]]

[rkrehrl12: Protect Yourself from lawsuit, (excessive curses) mhmhmhm with no subject.]

It was a comment I wrote, but looking at it up and down, what was it really?

Soon the comment section was half filled with curses at the game, half at me.

As I completely couldn’t refute it and was beaten up in the comments, the moment PHM maintenance ended, I closed the news page.

‘… I’ll see the ending and die, huh?’

As I laid down on a small bed and opened the PMH app, the update was in progress.

While the update file was downloaded, I took out a file folder and a setting book.

The file folder was holding my organized tactics printed on A4 paper.

The eight volumes of the setting book with over 500 pages per volume were widely regarded with the negative ‘Who read this?’ review.

I threw them under the bed, so I could find them and read them straight away.

As I picked up and read the setting book that was written all over with conquest memos I left, the update completed.

‘Does it end now?’

The six months the doctor spoke about ended a long time ago.

In the situation when I didn’t know when I would die, time and strength were more valuable than gold.

But I used it all up for such a game.

* * *

The life-and-death struggle, spanning for over dozens of hours, ended.

‘It ended.’

In no way have I expected it would be such a bad ending without dreams, hopes or mercy.

In the end, nothing could be protected and no one could be rescued.

‘Baek Ho-gun’, my best and main character, who was with me until the last boss battle.

Even he, lost everything in the wicked hands of the story writer[17] and met a gruesome end.

‘Story writers, you dog fuckers.’

I thought I would be fine no matter what kind of bad ending I face.

Rather, if I faced a happy ending when I who was soon to die was left behind, I might be irritated.

However, my thoughts were wrong.

I guess I was awaiting a happy ending.

Even while I paused playing a few times, because of the painful stories I read, in the end I returned, but it wasn’t because I was a freak enjoying the pain.

If not, there is no way I would feel such a wretched feeling.

‘Because I was awaiting a happy ending, I couldn’t let go of this game, huh?’

I barely realized after becoming a terminally ill patient and clearing up this entire game.

However, the game ended.

All Playable Characters died miserably.

And I’ll also die soon.

I forcibly closed the game and threw the smartphone into the corner of the bed.

Ding!

Then as if in some kind of protest, I heard an alarm.

It was a notification from the PMH game app.

‹You can obtain the Last Chapter Clear Compensation. Please check the gift box.›

‘… Last Chapter Clear Compensation?’

PMH, the game in which operation was reviled as feeling like playing with feet.

Let alone advertisement push notification, it didn’t send even an update notification, so why suddenly?

‘No matter how I look, it will be a lousy compensation.’

I didn’t hope for anything, but I was curious.

I had to check.

It was a thinking circuit worthy of a game addict, playing right into the hands of the game company.

Even while thinking that, I opened the game app with dead eyes.

However after opening the gift box in the game’s main screen, the screen paused.

No matter how long I waited, the screen didn’t move.

Even forced closing didn’t work.

Even when I tried to turn off the entire smartphone, it didn’t turn off.

As it was a type with an integrated battery, I couldn’t take out the battery straight away.

“Aah, a bug here?! Cough, uugh.”

The moment I opened my mouth, I burst into coughing.

The end of a game I played for over 10 years.

The feeling of futility resulting from this.

The released tension.

The long time playing and strength shaved by the fight with disease.

My body started to quickly crumble.

Cough, ough, cougeek, cough…

Gradually, rather than the sound of coughing, it became closer to screams.

They were like the last screams in deathly agony.

I thought I spat out saliva and wiped my mouth, but my hand was dyed crimson.

‹Connection with Transcendent Universe completed. Examining the connected Player’s suitability.›

Co… What?

I started to have auditory hallucinations.

This is dangerous.

I guess it’s really time to die.

‹Examination completed. Player ‘Jo Uisin’ is selected as Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification.›

“Uisin hyung, this is Seong-heon. Are You okay?”

I heard the sound of the gosiwon manager Cheon Seong-heon knocking at the door.

Other tenants might have made a complaint because of the sound of coughing.

A place at the hospice would only be available next week, perhaps because there were many people like me.

If I didn’t die today, I should go there, even if it meant lying in front of the ward.

As it was a nuisance for Cheon Seong-heon and the tenants around me.

‹Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification ‘Jo Uisin’s’ information modification, dimension synchronization and transfer is in progress. Completion in the next 10 seconds.›

Department junior Cheon Seong-heon followed me well since my university days.

Even after we met as a gosiwon manager and a tenant, Cheon Seong-heon’s attitude didn’t change.

He brought me snacks and cough medicine, saying it was in exchange for the meals I bought him before.

He was a precious junior to a soon-dead bastard.

I made preparations for in case when I suddenly die in the gosiwon room.

A will and a bit of remaining cash to hold a funeral.

The envelope had Cheon Seong-heon’s name written on it.

‹8… 7…›

At first, I tried to say that I’m okay, but I couldn’t reply.

Hearing auditory hallucinations in my ears and vomiting blood, it was a mess.

At least I blocked my mouth to try to quieten the sound of coughing.

However, because the coughing grew even more severe, the sound only grew louder.

Cough, cough, heugh, euhg, cough!

Cheon Seong-heon started to bang on the thin door.

“Hyung, open the door!”

As if Cheon Seong-heon found a key, I heard the sound of scrapping metal a few times, and then soon a click and the lock opened.

‹2… 1… 0.›

Almost at the same time as the door opened, my vision was wrapped in pure white light.

*~*~*

[1] The last chapter update of the national game wreck — the homonyms of ‘chapter’ can also mean the leader of a military force, the generals in janggi (‘Korean Chess’ colloquially named, a game derived from xiangqi), the place where some event takes place. (Yes, I know there is no number marker besides the title, but as it’s the only title without a number at the moment, I want to make sure it stays this way.)

[2] national game gem and ruined — ‘Ruined’ it’s equivalent to saying ‘fucked up’ in English, but in consideration of this novel’s notorious wordplays I’ll translate this literally. So please keep in mind when you see it in the future, it’s a curse. And raws just use the name ‘national game’, I’m using ‘national gem game’ so it makes more sense for you, the English readers.

[3] opening — lunch would be a better word here, but that word is suspicious so I’m translating it literally.

[4] university exams — university scholastic ability tests (or SAT) are on the third Thursday of November.

[5] Player — this particular word will be capitalized. If you see player not capitalized, it refers to something else.

[6] good teachers and friends — there is no comma or ‘and’ between them, so it could be also mean teacher friends. Also, the ‘good teachers’ here is ‘은사 (eun-sa)’.

[7] Thank You — when polite tone is used, I’ll capitalize You to show it. If there is some specific situation where polite tone is used, but the speaker is specifically using impolite you, or non-polite tone is used, but polite You is used, I’ll specify. That said, I started using this method late in the translation so you might start seeing this only much later.

[8] sweet potato — a slang for something that makes you feel stuffed and suffocated.

[9] stagnant water — a slang for someone who played the same game for a very long time.

[10] developer — 제작자 (jejakja) a person who produces an item or work of art.

[11] corporal dog, no, corporal Gye — 개 (gae dog) and 계 (gye) sounds extremely similar in Korean. Also, a dog is type of curse in Korean.

[12] sound — it doesn’t sound natural (pun not intended) in English, but as ‘sound’ is very important in this novel, you may see me use it in some unnatural ways to accommodate the usage of the word.

[13] People — similarly like with capitalized You in polite tone, when an honorific word to refer to someone is used, I’ll capitalize it.

[14] parachute — a slang for someone who gets a job through connections, without skills.

[15] gosiwon — a student accommodation, with cheap rent and very small rooms.

[16] Please don’t feed trolls. — this person sounds as if they’re using an old-fashioned polite tone.

[17] writer — because it’s a word borrowed from English it also sounds like ‘lighter’ in Korean.

Translator’s note: New readers, welcome to a masterpiece! Re-reader, hello again! I wish you the best of luck in keeping your sanity.

A few things of note:

1. What you just read is a re-translated chapter. About the first 50 chapters are scheduled to be completely re-translate, because the quality between them and my current translation quality is a chasm so deep I’m afraid an abyss will look back at me if I try to look at them. The re-translated chapters will have *revised* at the top.

2. As this translator isn’t an English or Korean native speaker they refuse to attempt of trying to come up with how the Korean names should be romanized to preserve their spelling. I’ll be just using Revised Romanization for most of the characters’ names (there are a few exceptions which I’ll note and explain why when they come up) and for location names.

3. Don’t be scared of the notes. They’re here to help and drive some people crazy! If you’re still confused about something, just ask!

2. Tutorial of unnamed supporting character (1) [1]

I don’t dream.

At one point, I couldn’t even understand the concept of the word ‘dream’.

My parents-nim said that when I was very young I talked about my dreams.

Did I became unable to dream around the time when my ego developed?

I have no memory of seeing a dream.

However, I couldn’t be certain if this situation is a dream or reality.

‘The school uniform…!’

I was wearing a school uniform right now.

A nametag, with a bright yellow background and sewed to my chest on the left .

A jacket with an uncomfortable width and a red necktie.

That school uniform with a tacky design was the uniform of the middle school I graduated from.

‘A moment ago I was in my gosiwon[2] room, wearing training clothes and vomiting blood….. Why am I wearing school uniform?’

After graduation, I donated that uniform on the sharing event.

There is no way that school uniform would be in my gosiwon room.

‘My arms and legs seem to be shorter.’

After examining the school uniform, I stretch out my arms and legs to look at them.

I lost my balance and almost fell.

It felt somehow awkward as if it wasn’t my body.

However, the biggest feeling of incongruity was somewhere else.

‘I’m not coughing.’

I wasn’t coughing and the pain heavily pressing on my chest disappeared.

It felt as if I returned to a healthy body, where lung cancer or whatnot, couldn’t be perceived.

“Jo Uisin?”

“Ack.”

I was startled.

Beside me, there were three more here.

“Yu Sang-hun.”

“I-I’m Son Mingi. I’ll be in your care.”

The punks, who spoke to me, each pointed at their nametags.

Each of them was wearing a school uniform of a different design, so it was unknown if those three kids were middle schoolers or highschoolers.

It was strange that those kids were speaking to me with casual tone.

Did they mistake me as their peer, because I was wearing a school uniform?

No way…..

“Are you perhaps sleepy? Wake up, the practical exam is going to start now.”

“Practical?”

“Cooperation abilities are included in the review, so let’s work hard. I’m Jang Namuk.”

The next to speak among the three bastards, was the tallest punk, the only one wearing glasses.

The three finished their introductions, and it was my turn.

Following Yu Sang-hun, I only said my name without anything else.

“Jo Uisin.”

All self-introductions were finished.

An awkward atmosphere and silence, which often occurs when strangers gather, descended.

The one to break it was Jang Namuk.

“Let’s warm up. We can’t get cramps during the exam.”

At Jang Namuk’s suggestion, the three, including him, began to stretch.

The three, who easily moved their bodies, seemed to have very good motor senses.

The flexibility was like that of a gymnastic athlete, during stretching exercises.

The hanging time, while jumping in place.

The sound of cutting… no, splitting wind heard when throwing fist into air.

I couldn’t contain amazement at the sight of those simple warm-up exercises.

‘Are those three professional athletes?’

I don’t know what it was, but I was ruined.

After getting terminally ill[3] diagnosis, I didn’t exercise even once.

I didn’t even go out.

Because I solved meals with the rice, ramen and water from purifier provided at the gosiwon.

‘There is no way I can suddenly move my body.’

However, it seemed that I had to take the practical exam with these punks.

Even if it was a dream, there is no way I would like to see bastards screw their exams because of me.

First of all, I followed the three and started stretching.

‘Strange…!’

I had the feeling of incongruity again.

My body was much too light.

I felt as if the weight hanging on my whole body was taken off.

The body decreased in size, but its performance seemed to be a few times better than when I was very healthy.

‘Is it really a dream?’

The three left me, who fell into thoughts, alone and started chatting.

“The practical seemed hard… will it be okay?”

“Just don’t make noticeable mistakes when the simulator is running. I heard that the practicals here and at the Military Academy are similar, and it wasn’t particularly hard there.”

Son Mingi, who seemed anxious.

Jang Namuk, who seemed nervous, but worked hard to speak calmly.

Yu Sang-hun, who seemed calm in comparison.

The three left me out and continued the conversation I couldn’t understand.

“Right. Eungwang School[4] also uses a simulator.”

Hearing Yu Sang-hun’s words, I almost tripped.

“Eungwang School?”

“… Do you feel unwell?”

“No.”

I was a terminally ill lung cancer patient, but I didn’t feel even a bit unwell.

My mind also gradually cleared.

Eungwang School.

There is no way I didn’t know it.

Because it was the name of a school I heard for over ten years.

Eungwang Highschool was the school that was the stage for ‘Player Meister Highschool’.

⟨Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification ‘Jo Uisin’ recognized the dimension of his present location. Using ‘Jo Uisin’s’ skill Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification Exclusive Menu.⟩

Ping.

I heard a guide voice from somewhere.

At the same time as I thought that it was a familiar notification sound, a window of a familiar design floated up.

This gradient, this design.

There is no way I wouldn’t recognize it as I was looking at it for 10 years.

‘This is PMH’s system guide window!’

Instinctively I looked at the top item in the menu.

⟨Reading ‘Jo Uisin’ character data[5].⟩

Ping.

A shining blue[6] window unfolded in front of my eyes.

Even though it was quite eye-grabbing, because of the gym was dark, it seemed it wasn’t visible to the punks, excluding me.

I looked at the ‘ Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification Exclusive Menu’ skill that was probably I alone was seeing the window and using it.

[Name] Jo Uisin

[Titles] Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification, 3rd year middle school examine

[Blessing] (Some loading failed.)

[Gwangrim[7]] (sealed)

[Status] Normal

[Overall stats] Lv. 10

It was very similar to the game.

The window design and organization were exactly the same.

When choosing the overall stats, the detailed numbers for HP and MP gauges, power, magic power, defense, agility, etc, which floated up, were exactly the same.

Even the ‘Some loading failed’, or ‘SML[8]’ bug for shot was exactly the same.

It was common for some part of words or just that sentence to appear and the screen itself showed nothing.

As expected, worthy of the game wreck, even in the situation one didn’t know if it was a dream or reality, the bug remained.

‘What about skills?’

I descended to the menu and then to the skill column to look at it.

[Skills]

Use of Everything[9] Lv. 1

Suitable Other Dimension Modification Exclusive Menu Lv. 1

Communication with Transcendent Universe Lv. 1

Power of Fate Lv. 3

(Some loading failed.)

Words and skills which didn’t exist in the game.

A few of them were things I had memories of hearing on the brink when I was engulfed in light.

‘No way, is it related to the last chapter’s clear compensation?’

Didn’t I have auditory hallucinations after I opened the last chapter clear compensation gift box?

I traced back my memories.

‘Connecting with Transcendent Universe completed.’

‘Examining the connected Player’s suitability.’

‘Jo Uisin is selected as Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification.’

‘Information modification, dimension synchronization and transfer is in progress.’

If I were to guess, the origin of those auditory hallucinations was something called Transcendent Universe.

Perhaps I became Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification and came to the world of PMH.

‘It doesn’t seem to be perfectly correct.’

It seemed that I missed something, but I had no idea what.

I decided to put considerations off and read everything starting with the skill’s detailed descriptions.

Because if we excluded ‘Use of Everything’, all my skills were unknown to me.

⟨Reading skill data.⟩

[Skill name] Use of Everything

[Rarity] SSR

[Skill level] 1

[Effect] Skillful usage of all weapons and defense equipment.

[Description]

Skill, which is closer to a kind of talent rather than a technique.

[Skill name] Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification Exclusive Menu

[Rarity] EX (measurement impossible)

[Skill level] 1

[Effect] Enables transcendent interference and data reading on the objects existing in the identical dimension.

[Description]

Exclusive skill of Suitable One[10], who passed the Transcendent Universe’s suitability examination.

The usage scope increases based on the Suitable One’s dimension understanding and dimension adaptability.

[Skill name] Communication with the Transcendent Universe

[Rarity] UR

[Skill level] 1

[Effect] Communication with the Transcendent Universe.

[Description]

Communication with the existence of all dimensions, all space-time, and all universe causes an enormous load on the body and soul of skill user.

In case the result of communication exceeds the skill user’s possible information acceptance capacity, the skill is canceled.

[Skill name] Power of Fate

[Rarity] EX (measurement impossible)

[Skill level] 3

[Effect] Causes transcendental interference.

[Description]

Guides skill user’s fate based on experiences, expectations, thoughts, goals, convictions, etc.

Power of Fate drops or raises based on the life skill user walked and will walk.

Occurs randomly.

2 out of standard, impossible to measure, unknown rank EX.

1 UR rank and 1 SSR rank.

If calculated only based on the rarity of skills, it would be the highest grade among all Playable Characters I raised up untill now.

‘If you look just at skills, it’s an EX rank character.’

But besides Menu I didn’t see any skill that I could use right now.

‘How am I going to pass the exam?’

When I was worrying, I felt a faint sense of incongruity about the current situation.

If I was right that I entered through the game, it was strange.

I entered PMH world, but why I’m wearing a middle school uniform and not Eungwang School uniform?

‘Thinking about it, they said it’s a practical exam, but if we’re talking about Eungwang School practical exam…’

I looked back to my ten years worthy of gaming.

Middle school uniform.

Four children including me.

Eungwang School’s practical entrance exam.

Dark gym.

When my thoughts reached this point, I abruptly recalled something.

“Which group[11] are we?”

I ignored the suddenly chilling atmosphere and cut into the conversation.

Even if I’ll hear the sound ‘it’s tactless to cut off the conversation’, I had to confirm it right now.

I was late to recall an extremely old event.

Don’t be group 13.

If wasn’t group 13, I could easily solve the situation.

Jang Namuk pushed up his horn-rimmed glasses and said:

“Group 13.”

Ruined.

I tried to run out.

However, the moment I grabbed the gym’s door, a spark bounce off, and I heard a warning sound with a ‘ping’.

⟨Warning, You made contact with N+ rank barrier ‘Off exam ground barrier’. More than 2 times of contact will result in status effect duplicating. Current number of times of contact is 1.⟩

I felt my blood ran cold at the sight of the system window.

‘It already started…!’

N+ rank barrier meant that it was only possible to lift by the weapon, skill, or someone having overall stats level at the same or higher than the rank N+.

Moreover, because this barrier was a bit special, it couldn’t be breached even by the weapon of higher rarity.

The four of us were trapped here.

“What? The barrier is already active.”

“’Even if you touch it, it won’t damage you, but because it gives you a penalty, it’s the best to avoid it’. I heard that from a private teacher-nim.”

The three didn’t feel any sense of incongruity and chatted.

Anyhow, it became impossible to escape.

I opened the item window.

⟨Reading possessed item list.⟩

[Possessed items]

Student ID 1

Exam ID 1

Copy of examinee written oath 1

…

…

…

Luckily, in the last row of the item window list was the item I wanted.

When I found the item I wanted.

I heard the system warning message.

⟨Warning, Enemy[12] approaching.⟩

“You guys, take out what you received before coming here.”

My abrupt words were naturally ignored.

“We can’t just open them without supervisor permission, right…?”

“Even in school uniform, a dowdy dog bastard won’t be cool after trying to cheat[13].”

The system notification sound gradually grew louder.

That punk will soon come.

“Enemy is coming. There is no time. Take out item boxes!”

Players were beings who fought back against ‘Enemies’, who appeared around 100 years ago, with the Clash of Different Worlds.

And in the otherworlds that divided into dungeons, towers, castles, gardens, mazes, etc, items with special effects appeared.

Items obtained in those otherworlds.

Or items produced with superpowers.

Players had an ability to cardify those items and to materialize them from cards.

To confirm if the students possessed that ability, Eungwang School provided boxes holding item cards to the examinees during the practical exam.

‘There is nothing else I can try here.’

It was the ‘Exam Random Item Box’, provided before entering the practical exam grounds.

I examined the black box lying in my palm.

Among the random boxes, the black ones were the lowest rarity.

It was the box that if it was a freak Player like me, who because they rot worse than stagnant water, turned into oil, they wouldn’t even put it in the item window and either throw it away or disassemble.

‘This is the only method to fight against the Enemy right now.’

Even if a no-answer trash item comes out, I couldn’t use the technique of reinstalling the game after deletion and playing from the beginning.

Or in other words, the reset marathon, commonly called resetmare was impossible.

I had to pick up a good item in a single shot.

⟨Using Exam Random Item Box.⟩

The box opened, and an item card started to spin in front of my eyes.

*~*~*

[1] Tutorial of unnamed supporting character — starting with ‘supporting character’ which is also part of this novel title, it refers to the role in the story which helps protagonists and advances the plot, or the actor playing such role, so it could be also translated as ‘supporting actor’. The homonyms of ‘supporting character’ are: ‘smoke/fog rising to the sky in the morning’, ‘banquet held in the court’, ‘a disease where phlegm blocks the throat when breathing’, it’s also a root for the verb ‘to be loud and noisy’. Now ‘unnamed’ is a bit hard to explain, and I’m not even sure if it would be in any way grammatically correct, but ‘name’ can also be the noun of ‘early’ (earliness?), so you could also understand this chapter title as ‘Tutorial of supporting character, who is not early’.

[2] gosiwon — a student accommodation, with cheap rent and very small rooms.

[3] terminally ill — literally ‘time limited’.

[4] Eungwang School — ‘Eungwang’ means ‘Silver Light’, ‘Eun 은’ for silver, ‘gwang 관’ for light. Also, a more proper translation would be Eungwang High, but please spare this translator for choosing School over it.

[5] character data — or ‘personal data’, it doesn’t use the word ‘character’.

[6] blue — the word used here could also mean green.

[7] Gwangrim — Leaving it untranslated, but the word Gwangrim (광림) itself is an honorific word meaning ‘Someone coming to visit’ ‘collecting something, which was taken, borrowed’, or ‘arriving’. The word is made out of two hanja, ‘Gwang 광 光’ meaning light and ‘rim 림 臨’ to face/to look down/to illuminate/ to rule/ to guard/ to be temporary/ a chariot (there is a lot of different meanings)’ Also, it should be romanized as ‘Gwang-nim’ according to the Revised Romanization.

[8] SLF — I personally don’t see anything, but in case it has some secrets like anagram or something I’ll note it down, it’s ‘일로실’ in Korean.

[9] Use of Everything — ‘Versatility’ may be the best translation, but without author-nim’s confirmation, I don’t dare to not translate it very literally.

[10] Suitable One — I should mention it in the previous chapter, but I tried to limit notes as not to scare new readers (hahaha). Suitable Other Dimension Future Modification is a bit hard to figure out and translate, so please bear in mind it’s not a certain translation. ‘Suitable/Suitable One’ means that a body or a substance of ‘of such state or shape (to quote dictionary)’ is suitable. It doesn’t exactly refer to the person.

[11] group — it’s a bit funny because ‘group’ is ‘조 (jo)’ the same as Jo Uisin’s surname.

[12] Enemy — The word is borrowed from English, so if you see me capitalizing ‘Enemy’ it refers specifically to the creatures from otherworlds.

[13] Even in school uniform, a dowdy dog bastard won’t be cool after trying to cheat — This translator is guessing here because frankly speaking I have no idea what they’re talking about. It’s either a proverb or a language joke, and I’m very lost. To literally translate ‘trying to cheat (which I’m very much guessing the meaning of)’, it’s ‘try out eating a meal’ but ‘meal’ is an honorific word, and ‘진지 (jinja, an honorific word for a meal)’ also means sincerity. So eat up sincerity?

Translator’s note: Oh boy, here we go again.

2. Tutorial of an unnamed supporting character (2)

The Enemies and items which appeared in the Player Meister School had ‘rarity’ ranks determined by their stats and how uncommon they were.

It meant that rarity rank reflected their stats and the rarity of their existence.

The ranks were divided into UR(Ultra Rare), SSR(Super Super Rare), SR(Super Rare), R(Rare) and N(Normal), with + and – added as necessary.

But, the impossible to measure and unknown rarity were expressed as EX(Extra).

And the item I pulled out in that disastrous situation was one of the lowest rarity items.

⟨Obtained ‘Assassin apprentice’s folding knife’. The weapon data can be read.⟩

‘It’s junk!’

At the system notification, my vision turned pitch-black.

The item card’s border color was close to black.

‘It may be not the junk I know!’

I started to spin a thinking circuit, trying to escape into delusional happiness.

Holding vain hopes, I chose to read the item data.

⟨Reading item data.⟩

[Item name] Assassin apprentice’s folding knife

[Type] Weapon

[Rarity] N-

[Proficiency] 0%

[Effect] Proficiency experience acquisition rate bonus 20%, Agility +2, Power +0.5

[Description]

A crude weapon one can buy even in a common market.

Contains the grudges of a revenger[1] and assassin apprentice, who was its previous user.

To pierce the neck of the archenemy, the revenger hones their skill without rest.

The hope and happiness circuit was shattered.

It was the junk I knew.

It was a junk of junks, which if it was the game it would make me immediately reinstall the game after forcing the shutdown by pressing the home button and starting a reset marathon.

I was left stupefied and the situation continued to flow.

I saw something wiggle on the other side which couldn’t be properly illuminated by the dim lights of the gym.

“Ru… Run…”

I heard the voice, which sounded like it was going to go out.

The punks, who were about to say something to me about opening the item box, looked in that direction.

“Uh? Isn’t that the supervisor? Hey, blood, there is blood…”

“That’s the hat[2] the supervisor was wearing.”

“Jo Uisin, you said the Enemy is coming a moment ago…”

Jang Namuk’s words to me were buried in the sound of sirens.

Weeeeeeeeei!

Kieeeeeeeeek!

Together with the siren, an eardrum-piercing high pitch sound rang out.

After the noise ended, a voice with a strange tone was heard.

— Ah, ah, mic test. Do you hear me, examiner lads[3]!

That was the real voice?!

Because PMH didn’t have voice-over[4] or anything like that, worthy of a game wreck, it was the first time I heard that voice.

I wished it was dubbed someday, but I didn’t want to hear that voice in such a manner.

— I set my pet loose in one of the practical exam grounds! I gave it the ‘Catch and play, and then kill’ command[5]… No, I bestowed a blessing!

The Player Meister Highschool’s opening was as follows:

A supporting character, without face or name, takes Eungwang Highschool’s entrance exam.

Before entering the examination ground.

They were informed that the school have absolutely no responsibility for the possible injuries occurred during the practical exam and signed an exam oath.

And the unnamed supporting character is allocated to exam group 13.

— Currently, Eungwang School’s communication functions are completely cut off, in addition, a special power was used on the Off-exam-ground barrier in the exam ground where I released my pet which makes it impossible to release for 15 minutes!

And then a bloodied supervisor appeared in the dark gym.

— Korean Republic’s prestigious school[6] superpower users, elite Players sprouts-ah, life is always a ridiculous thing!

To teach you that thing… I’m not,

For my endlessly personal and extremely private reasons!

After a broadcast with chaotic and insane content ended…

— I chose a few among the lads I plan to kill. If you want to save them, good luck searching. Over!

The legendary event that evaporated half of the over 3 million pre-registered users of Player Meister Highschool.

‘Tutorial of unnamed supporting character’ started.

⟨Warning, Enemy approaching.⟩

Weooooo!

Strangely shaped Enemy that looked to be a combination of a rhino’s head and the body of a lion, stomped on the bloodied supervisor with one foot and roared.

A shriek more powerful than the high pitch sound from the speakers had the power to pierce eardrums.

The tension suffocating my lungs.

The murderous aura pressing on my whole body.

The scent of blood stabbing my nose.

The odour of rotting animal corpse.

I clearly recognized that this situation was a reality I was in.

My survival instincts were screaming at me that it was reality right now and if I don’t handle it, I’m going to die.

I could do nothing but recognize it.

“Wh-what is that….!?”

“Demonic Beast? Hey, wait, it also has a bounty. Ah…. Ahhh…. It’s the Ung tribe[7]’s familiar!”

Jang Namuk, who seemed to possess Insight category skill, shouted.

‘Let’s start with confirming the Enemy’s information again.’

I knew it because I read the setting book, but it was necessary to be much more careful before moving.

⟨Reading ‘Rinoseron’ Enemy data.⟩

[Enemy name] Rinoseron no. 13

[Rarity] R+

[Titles] Pet category Demonic Beast species, Ung tribe’s familiar

[Blessing] Your owner commands you this ‘Catch and play, and then kill’

[Status] Complete obedience (impossible to release), cognitive abilities lowered, sensory abilities lowered, instincts strengthened

[Overall stats] Lv. 38

[Skill]

Heavy Rush Lv. 5

[Description]

A product of a certain Ung’s hobby.

Completed after 13 rounds of synthesis and remodelling.

A demonic beast that is nether a rhinoceros demonic animal or lion demonic animal.

Faithfully follows its remaining instincts and owner’s commands.

While accompanying its owner on a walk in the past, it alone destroyed a town.

Currently, under a bounty.

Because of ‘Clash of Different Worlds’ the invisible beings became visible and fiction became reality.

The things from myths and legends, natural phenomena, religious beliefs, and fictional stories became reality.

One of the beings that appeared anew at that time were the Jin people[8].

Jin people was a name for a different kind of people, who were neither humans nor Enemies.

They, who existed in this world for a long time but their interference was limited, descended to the present world in their complete forms with the Clash of Different Worlds as the trigger.

Demons, angles, dragons[9], etc, which were believed to exist only in fiction existed in reality.

Because those Jin people had various individual tendencies, they were either humanity’s allies or adversaries.

‘The Ung, who sent that bastard, is an adversary.’

The Ung had noticeably aggressive and hedonistic inclination.

Pet category Demonic Beast species R+ Rinoseron was an Enemy remodelled and trained as that Ung’s pet.

‘I was slaughtered by that bastard.’

Almost 10 years had passed, but I still remembered.

Starting from the tutorial, I was gruesomely slaughtered by powerful Enemies, for ridiculous reasons, it was a game structure truly worthy of a national game wreck.

‘Even so, I wanted to clear it.’

In the end, I couldn’t clear it.

No matter what the unnamed supporting character I operated and the NPCs did, they were broken into pieces and died.

After the barrier was lifted, the school staff and high-ranking Players at school rushed into the gym.

However, the only thing they found were bloodstains and pieces of flesh too pitiful to even call them bodies.

The faces filled with despair, expressed with intricate graphics were still vivid.

‘At that time, the longest I endured was 9 minutes.’

5 minutes using the Rinoseron’s traits.

4 minutes endured using items.

Combining, it was barely 9 minutes.

However, the barrier was only released after 15 minutes.

“Don’t move!”

At my words, Son Mingi, who was about to flee, halted.

“Rinoseron is sensitive to big movements but it has poor[10] ears and eyes! If we don’t make big movements, we will be fine for a while!”

Then I could do nothing but find another conquest way.

Survive 15 minutes.

It didn’t seem to be a long time.

However, it was enduring for 15 minutes against Demonic Beast with a clear level gap.

‘It’s a similar level of difficulty to enduring 15 minutes inside a collapsing high-rise building.’

The things I could currently use were those three middle school brats and the lowest rarity junk I pulled out.

I had to increase the number of pieces I could use.

“Open your item boxes.”

The punks, who were completely frozen, hurriedly took out palm-sized boxes from their pockets.

In my case, I summoned it from the Exclusive Menu’s item window, but it seemed different for others.

Soon Jang Namuk, Son Mingi and Yu Sang-hun all opened the exam random item box and obtained an item card.

But no punk made a relieved expression.

Jang Namuk pulled out four [Oat flower extract medicine] items.

Son Mingi pulled out three [Spider string net trap] items.

Yu Sang-hun pulled out four [Cotton scarecrow’s devotion] items.

Completely ruined.

All four, including me, should never buy lottery tickets.

‘No, Jang Namuk pulled quite well? At least among the four of us…’

The rarity was the lowest, but all three pulled out consumables.

Only I was the one to pull out a weapon.

‘I have to think.’

The physical abilities of the four, including me.

Items.

Demonic Beast Rinoseron.

15 minutes.

I came up with the next move.

“From what I saw with a skill, it’s Pet category Demonic Beast R+ Rinoseron. In addition to being the Ung’s familiar, it also has a blessing.”

As calmly as possible I explained a portion of the information confirmed through the status window.

Son Mingi swayed as if he lost strength in his legs, but Jang Namuk reflexively caught him, so he didn’t fall down.

Those punks aspired to be admitted to Eungwang School, which had the highest difficulty entrance exams in the Republic of Korea.

As they thoroughly memorized theories, they would guess the Rinoseron’s destructive power from this information alone.

“It’s at the level, where even without eyes and ears, it can turn this room into powder within 2 minutes.”

I gave the finishing blow.

“It’s fine right now because it follows the ‘catch and play, then kill’ command. However, as the time passes, it may change to the command of ‘destroy everything’.”

To speak precisely, it wasn’t ‘may change’, but ‘will change’.

Because even when I tested it with several patterns when enduring for 5 minutes, the movements certainly became different.

“I’ll speak my thoughts from now on. If you have different ideas, say it right away. Let’s decide within four minutes.”

The time remaining until the barrier was lifted, 14 minutes.

The bastard who was spacing out until a moment ago stepping out would look untrustworthy, but it was a situation they didn’t have any special moves.

The punks nodded.

* * *

“I’ll do it.”

The moment my words finished, Yu Sang-hun handed me an item card.

The ownership of Yu Sang-hun’s four [Cotton scarecrow’s devotions] changed to me.

⟨‘Cotton scarecrow’s devotions’ ownership was transferred from ‘Yu Sang-hun’.⟩

In that disastrous situation, he handed me the sole item he possessed?! He was a bold bastard.

⟨Reading item’s data.⟩

[Item name] Cotton scarecrow’s devotion

[Type] Consumable

[Rarity] N-

[Effect] Reduces damage by 30% for 15 seconds after which is destroyed.

[Description]

A scarecrow from old cloth, with the body filled with cotton.

Over a century ago, its role was to chase away birds on the corn fields.

Now it lost its position to the automatic laser scarecrows.

It seems one can hide behind its bulky body.

“Me, me too.”

Son Mingi nodded, while trembling.

Now only Jang Namuk had to agree.

As the good bastard with the best physique, he repeatedly opened and closed his mouth a few times, as if he had many of some sorts of thoughts.

“I, who can’t come up with any countermeasures, shouldn’t make a sound, but even if it turns out well, it’s a plan where there will be injuries.”

Jang Namuk held out an item card as he spoke.

“Be careful, Jo Uisin…!”

It seemed that Jang Namuk hesitated because he was worried about me.

* * *

The Rinoseron abandon the motionless supervisor and sluggishly wandered around the gym, searching for its next prey.

Even though we knew that Rinoseron’s ears almost couldn’t hear, we held our breaths and moved very slowly.

‘It would be good if the limited time ended and the barrier would be lifted so we could escape like this.’

That expectation was immediately crushed.

Rinoseron let out a shriek.

Wieeeeeee!

Its movements turned noticeably aggressive.

After I checked the Rinoseron’s status window again, the [Blessing] section was updated.

[Blessing] Your owner commands you this, ‘Destroy everything’

It was as I expected, but it seemed they thought of turning everything into powder, including this place.

⟨Warning, Enemy ‘Rinoseron’ is about to use skill ‘Heavy Rush’.⟩

*~*~*

[1] revenger — literally a spirit of revenge. But if you translate hanja literally, it means the spirit of returning (or recovered) enemy.

[2] hat — so fun fact, homonyms of hat in Korea is also ‘mother and son’ and I’m so normal about it. Other homonyms are: ‘mother’s love’, ‘word referring to both mother and older sister (noona)’, ‘pupil (eye)’, ‘in go, a move of placing a stone above a low stone of opponent, usually used to reduce opponent’s stone or attack them’.

[3] lads — literally ‘you-gun’ ‘gun’ is an honorific used towards young men.

[4] voice-over — literally ‘voice materials’.

[5] command — Dunno if it’s the word itself that is important, but the word is ‘명령 (myeong-nyeong)’. The homonyms of it are ‘a moths and butterfly larvae’ and ‘a divine/great soul/spirit which sees everything widely and brightly’(?).

[6] prestigious school — Haa, so prestigious is ‘명문 (myeongmun)’, it also can mean a prestigious/noble family. It can also mean writing of clear logic and meaning/ a phrase clearly recording something, or a good rumor spread throughout the whole world. But 문 (mun) also means door, and 명 … well I’m still finding out about that.

[7] Ung tribe — Ung stands for a hanja for a bear. (But hanja isn’t given here there is a possibility it’s meant as something else).

[8] Jin people — Jin stands for hanja 眞, meaning true.

[9] Demons, angles, dragons — Ma tribe, Cheon tribe and Yong tribe respectively.

[10] poor — literally ‘dark’.

Translator’s note: It feels to me like Rinoseron is some kind of joke on Haetae (해태), a lion-like mythical creature with horns on its head, which can tell which person is noble and which one is evil, and when it finds an evil person, it will ram them with its horn and eat them.

… I have some fun facts to make about items but *looks at the number of footnotes* I’ll leave it for the next chapter.

2. Tutorial of unnamed supporting character (3)

‘Category[1]’ meant the foundation or root by which a living being is sustained and formed.

And types of Enemies were represented as ‘species’.

Rinoseron’s ‘Pet category’ meant it was a perfectly trained pet, and ‘Demonic Beast species’ stood for an animal tainted by evil energy.

The Pet category Demonic Beast species Enemy.

Rinoseron’s overall stats level was 38.

The average overall stats level of the four of us was around 10.

If Rinoseron used its skill a few times, everything inside this gym, including us, would be turned into pulp as if taken out of blender.

There was no time to delay.

“Jang Namuk, throw it!”

“Here it goes!”

After I gave a signal, Jang Namuk threw the ‘oat flowers extract medicine[2]’ at the barrier with a spirited shout.

Chink-clang!

Hearing the sound of breaking bottle, a faint scent of grass spread out.

In an instant, the inside air, which reeked of the nauseating smell of demonic beast, became refreshing.

Woooo…..Woooooaaaaa!

Rinoseron stopped the skill activation and staggered towards the broken bottle.

And it started to bang its head against the broken bottle’s content, which scattered around.

Clang, clang-clang-clang, clang-clang!

Because the bottle broke on the barrier, every time it smashed its head against it, the dull sound would ring out and sparks would jump out.

The demonic beast repeated this action, seemingly unbothered.

I heard Jang Namuk’s cheers.

“Done…!”

First half of the start of Player Meister Highschool’s service.

A user, who obtained ‘Oat flowers extract medicine’ from ‘Exam random item box’ posted on the community, suspecting a bug.

The content was as follows:

They sustained damage but didn’t die, so they used an item to recover their vitality.

However, just after they recovered, they were maimed by Rinoseron, who suddenly went crazy, and their corpse was mutilated as if they went through the post-mortem capital punishment[3].

Naturally, it was treated as one of the countless bugs and was buried.

I, who at the time finished exams and was an idle 3rd year highschooler and was completely absorbed into PMH, immediately made a new account to test it.

Then, the exact same thing happened.

I, who judged that an item was the cause, attempted the throw action.

Rinoseron ran towards the thrown item straight away.

After a certain period of time passed, it would aim for the characters again, but some kind of effect was certain.

‘At the time, I didn’t know the cause, but understood it after reading the setting book.’

Rinoseron was a result of the synthesis of rhinoceros demonic beast and lion demonic beast.

This demonic beast had the body of a carnivore and a head of a herbivore.

If besides a complete brainwashing, its instincts were strengthened, then it would react to concentrate smell of grass.

Because of the Oat flowers extract medicine’s potent volatility, it would immediately disperse, but if you caught the timing well, you could buy time.

In the case where the game had a high degree of freedom and the NPC could be controlled, you could buy even more time.

I considered such things, but such an attempt was impossible in the smartphone game famous as a game wreck, and in the tutorial event, which was fine even if it wasn’t cleared.

‘I can do this now. I’m the game’s character, and it’s possible to communicate with Jang Namuk, Son Mingi and Yu Sang-hun.’

I made a suggestion to the three.

First, move to the fixed location, while waiting until Rinoseron starts to act crazy.

Second, when Rinoseron starts acting crazy, Jang Namuk, Yu San-hun, Son Mingi and I, in this order, each of us will throw the ‘Oat flower extract’ towards the fixed points on the barrier.

Third, when all Oat flower extracts are consumed, we will tie its feet[4] with Son Mingi’s ‘Spider string net trap[5] (can tie the target up to 5 seconds)’.

Fourth, with Rinoseron’s feet tied, I …

“Ah… Aack!”

When I ruminated over my role, Son Mingi screamed.

The spilled bottle was right beside him.

He wasn’t covered in the content, but if he didn’t stand up right now and flee, he would be smashed together with the floor.

“Son Mingi!”

I ran to Son Mingi, who lost strength in his legs and couldn’t stand up, but Rinoseron was already under Son Mingi’s nose.

Rinoseron’s nose was about crash Son Mingi.

Chiink, clang!

“Aack….!”

With the ‘swish’ a long line of blood splattered on the shattered floor.

As if Yu Sang-hun covered Son Mingi and ran to the side, Rinoseron’s horn dug into his back.

On Yu Sang-hun’s back, a deep and wide red line was engraved.

“Yu Sang-hun!”

“Crazy demonic beast fucker, that hurts like dogshit…”

“So-… Sorry!”

“It’s fine. Let’s quickly escape.”

Yu Sang-hun pretended to be calm, but it was visible that even standing was too much for him.

Son Mingi was nervous like before, but he wasn’t injured.

“That was scary. Ah, I’m glad…”

As if he rushed to their side at some point, Jang Namuk was standing just at their side and made a relieved face.

The injured person appeared and the number of Rinoseron’s contacts with the barrier decreased compared to the plan.

Even so, it was progressing as I expected.

‘No way…’

Something bothered me.

I recalled the worst scenario, the worst blunder[6] in my head.

However, looking at Yu Sang-hun’s back, which didn’t stop bleeding, I shut my mouth.

* * *

A few minutes long confrontation continued.

I once again returned to my point and succeeded in grabbing the attention of Rinoseron on the brink of skill activation.

Rinoseron slammed its nose into the barrier.

Clang, clang-clang. Ujing, clang!

Sparks jumped between the barrier and Rinoseron’s nose.

“… The barrier is intact. Even though it’s R+ rarity, it can’t be broken?”

Yu Sang-hun, whose face turned pale, because of the contentiously pouring out blood, became overly talkative.

In my eyes, it looked like nothing but him attempting to reassure the other kids.

He was an absurdly good punk.

“The barrier won’t break. Step back.”

I had the same idea as Yu Sang-hun, but because the barrier was under the Jin tribe’s influence for 15 minutes, it couldn’t be broken by the related Jin’s familiar for 15 minutes.

“Son Mingi, it’s your turn. Prepare!”

Jang Namuk shouted.

Jang Namuk was moving the best according to my commands.

Now he also accurately judged the timing of Rinoseron’s skill activation.

“…”

Son Mingi quietly took out ‘Spider string net trap’.

The number of cards in Son Mingi’s hand was three.

Each item could immobilize the target for 5 seconds.

Therefore, Rinoseron could be immobilized for 15 seconds in the future.

With the current conditions, there was a chance of winning.

If we cut off the time again on the brink of Rinoseron’s skill activation….

“Son Mingi?”

Son Mingi aimed the item card not at Rinoseron, but Yu Sang-hun.

“What? Are you joking right now….?”

“Son Mingi?”

Jang Namuk was confused and Yu Sang-hun staggered while looking at Son Mingi with a face saying he couldn’t understand.

Son Mingi wasn’t bothered by those gazes.

He was trembling and nervous like before, but the hand aiming with the item card didn’t flatter.

“I-I- I like to be safe.”

“What?”

“If I endure for just the four remaining minutes, the barrier will be released.”

There was a villain here, who couldn’t see the light because he was slaughtered in tutorial.

Jang Namuk shouted with a face like he couldn’t understand.

“Are you crazy?! If it’s R+ Demonic Beast, the 50m radius will turn into scorched earth within one or two minutes. Do you know how much will be left!?”

It seemed that Jang Namuk still didn’t quite get Son Mingi’s intentions.

The sound of sparks coming from the barrier subsided.

Rinoseron would soon use the skill.

“It’s different if there is a living and moving bait, right?”

Son Mingi took out a bottle with half of the content remaining from his pocket.

He pretended to pour out all of the content and save it.

Looking at the two who stiffened, Son Mingi grinned.

“Won’t the Jin and that familiar will be satisfied if three people die? Baits-ah.”

Son Mingi was thinking of tying us with this item and sprinkling the oat flower extract on us to use as baits or meat shields to avoid the demonic beast.

Looking at the remaining content of the bottle, it seemed he would do it.

Even so, I thought he would stop after he saw Yu Sang-hun cover him and get injured, but my thoughts were wrong.

“Ack…!”

Yu Sang-hun tried to move to distance himself from Son Mingi.

However, he groaned as if the wound worsened and staggered, and then he sank with a thud.

It probably was because it overlapped with the mental stress of Son Mingi’s betrayal.

“Yu Sang-hun!”

Jang Namuk tried to run towards Yu Sang-hun, but Son Mingi raised the bottle containing the oat flower extract medicine as if taking him hostage.

“Come if you want to die first.”

“You’re thinking of using Yu Sang-hun as a bait? Yu Sang-hun was hurt to save you. You fucker who doesn’t know gratitude[7]!”

“Gratitude? Get real. Were you playing in the middle school? You too are a winner bastard came this far by stepping on others’ grades. And now it’s not grades but life!”

“What is that sound?! How can you compare a fair competition with stabbing someone in the back[8]?!”

Son Mingi shouted with glossy eyes.

After Jang Namuk didn’t have a way to properly say anything back to him, he corrected his grip on the item card and the bottle and just let out a sneer and shut his mouth.

After he revealed his true colors, his appearance that didn’t tremble or stammer any longer was disgusting.

“Son Mingi, stop it here. It’s still not too late.”

I, who was only observing the situation, spoke up for the first time.

“You’re talking like a geezer[9]. Are you in a position to say anything to me right now?”

As expected, words weren’t effective[10].

Only Son Mingi’s sneer returned.

I saw him wave the bottle in one hand and the item card in the other as if showing off.

I felt a sense of deja vu.

There were a few similar scenes in PMH.

A character like Jang Namuk, who acted sternly but was sincere and took care of others.

A character like Yu Sang-hun, who you usually didn’t know what he was thinking, but if needed he would throw his body and sacrifice himself.

Anyhow, they weren’t bad bastards and were characters who had good roles who died in the wicked scenario.

‘I died many times because I was stabbed in the back by a bastard like you.’

Hundreds of faces of my dying Playable Characters, NPCs I developed good feelings for came to mind and disappeared.

The stand-off couldn’t be maintained.

As if the time-dragging effect of the last thrown item ended, Rinoseron burst into shrieks.

Whoaaaaa!

⟨Warning, Enemy ‘Rinoseron’ is about to use the skill ‘Heavy Rush’.⟩

Son Mingi, who was aiming the item card at me, finally used the item on Yu Sang-hun, who was injured and the easiest.

Chink!

Spider string net trap came out of the item card and tied Yu Sang-hun in place.

“Son Mingi!”

Son Mingi ignored Jang Namuk’s cry and poured the bottle content on Yu Sang-hun.

Chiink!

It was a small amount, but the Oat flower extract medicine’s effect appeared.

“Darn it…!”

Yu Sang-hun, who recovered a little, belatedly struggled to free himself from the trap, but the trap didn’t let go.

The demonic beast canceled the skill activation and turned its head towards Yu Sang-hun.

Son Mingi abandoned Yu Sang-hun, who couldn’t move and started to flee into the distance.

Five seconds passed and Yu Sang-hun was able to move, but Rinoseron was approaching, heading precisely towards Yu Sang-hun.

“Yu Sang-hun, run!”

Even though he knew it had no meaning, Jang Namuk shouted at Yu Sang-hun.

Son Mingi grinned as he ran.

‘I was waiting for this moment.’

After I materialized the item card I hid in my hand, I aimed it precisely at Son Mingi.

Peuk, wajangchik!

“Keuk!”

Together with the sound of hitting the target, I heard Son Mingi’s scream.

As if he reflexively raised his right arm to block it, the content of the broken item soaked Son Mingi’s right arm.

The item I threw was a bottle of ‘Oat flower extract medicine’.

* * *

It happened after everyone agreed to my strategy and Jang Namuk distributed the item cards.

When each of us received one item card and was about to move to the designated location, a system announcement rang out with a ‘ping’.

⟨Skill ‘Power of Fate’ activated.⟩

Power of Fate?

I recalled the skill’s content.

[Skill name] Power of Fate

[Rarity] EX (measurement impossible)

[Skill level] 3

[Effect] Causes transcendental interference.

[Description]

Guides the skill user’s fate based on experiences, expectations, thoughts, goals, convictions, etc.

Power of Fate drops or raises based on the life the skill user walked and will walk.

Occurs randomly.

To summarize the content, it randomly caused transcendental interferences to guide fate.

‘What? What is happening?’

I couldn’t find any different point.

The Rinoseron didn’t sense us as before and the other three were nervous, but nothing looked out of ordinary.

However…

The instant I saw Son Mingi, I felt a prick of electrostatic discharge at my fingertips.

When I reflexively looked down at my fingertips, I saw what surely was one card was overlapping with one more card underneath.

* * *

Because of the broken bottle, Son Mingi’s arm was ripped here and there, but the wounds immediately closed thanks to the medicine’s effect.

However, as if knowing what he was covered in, Son Mingi’s complexion turned dark.

I added a word.

“Make sure to run diligently if you hate dying. Bait-ah.”

The Rinoseron ran towards Son Mingi, who had a stronger scent of grass than Yu Sang-hun.

*~*~*

[1] Category — could also be system. It also means ‘world’.

[2] oat flowers extract medicine — to be precise it’s ‘recovery medicine’. 귀리 (kwiri) which means oat, can also mean ‘all kinds of insignificant and indecent ghosts’.

[3] post-mortem capital punishment — refers to punishment performed on corpses during the Joseon period. The corpse would be dug out, all limbs would be cut off and the rest of the body would be hung or destroyed. Either way, it was about terribly mutilating the corpse.

[4] its feet — there is actually no subject to ‘whose feet’ will be tied here.

[5] spider string net trap — ‘spider strings’ are an analogy for preparations made to imprison/restrain others, similar like in English.

[6] blunder — a terrible move in chess or go.

[7] gratitude — 은혜 (eun-hye) refers to a favor done for no benefit or a ‘love of god’. So what Jang Namuk is asking is if Son Mingi doesn’t know kindness/ benevolence.

[8] stabbing someone in the back — literally ‘hit in the back of the head’

[9] You’re talking like a geezer — Jo Uisin used an imperative tone, which is usually reserved to someone of a higher position than the listener. So a parent might use it towards their child, but it won’t be used between peers unless there is some kind of hierarchy between them.

[10] words weren’t effective — literally ‘seeds weren’t eaten’ or ‘eggshell wasn’t peeled’.

Translator’s note: I hope everyone is enjoying masterful sound effects. Especially those ‘Son Mingi’ sounds.

2. Tutorial of unnamed supporting character (4)

“Do-Don’t come… Don’t come!”

Son Mingi stammered with his words again and turned back to flee.

As if he was still capable of rational judgment, he immediately threw the spider string web traps.

The Oat flower extract medicine last in the air for over a minute.

He used only one out of the three items on Yu Sang-hun, so he had two items remaining.

As the spider string net trap’s tie-up effect lasted for 5 seconds, after 10 seconds Son Mingi would play hide-and-seek with a Demonic Beast for his life.

‘There are 4 minutes left until the barrier is released, there is no way Son Mingi will last this long.’

It was time to use my last trick.

What was Rinoseron’s status right now?

⟨Reading the Enemy’s status window.⟩

[Enemy name] Rinoseron no. 13

[Rarity] R+

[Titles] Pet category Demonic Beast species, Ung tribe’s familiar

[Blessing] Your master commands you this ‘Destroy everything’

[Status] Complete obedience (impossible to release), cognitive abilities lowered, sensory abilities lowered, instincts strengthened, strength lowered by 12, power lowered by 15, defense lowered by 8, mana lowered by 6, will power lowered by 9, agility lowered by 6, special attacks resistance lowered by 13.

[Overall stats] Lv. 19

[Skill]

Heavy Rush Lv. 3

…

…

…

It was a barrier made by the prestigious Eungwang School’s staff and strengthened by an Ung[1].

As expected, around 70 status effects of the barrier were duplicated and applied.

Even after touching ‘Off exam ground barrier[2]’ there would be no damage, but status effects duplication would occur.

‘Even so, it’s still powerful enough to annihilate the middle school students here.’

It was cut in half, but Rinoseron’s overall stats were Lv. 19.

My overall stats were Lv. 10.

Based on the tactics and skills categories, the overall stats level had no big meaning for actual battle’s result, no matter how different they were, but.

The opponent was not a human, but a Demonic Beast possessing high level of combat skill.

‘I can do it, I can do it…’

I took out ‘Assassin’s apprentice’s folding knife’ materialized from the card.

Looking at the unfolded knife blade, it was no longer than 6 cm.

The opponent was a Demonic Beast with 2m in shoulder height when walking on four limbs.

There was no way it wasn’t scary.

I, who was only staring at the smartphone screen, while just waiting the day when I would die, running at a Demonic Beast?

It felt as if my heart was about to jump out of my throat.

I took out and held the knife, but my feet didn’t move.

The hand holding the knife was trembling.

It was on a different level from the fighting moves unfolding in my head, or the game unfolding on the other side of the screen.

“Ah… Aaah… sa-save me, I hate!”

While I couldn’t move.

The 10 seconds given to Son Mingi ended.

While I was standing, the treasure-like 10 seconds passed.

Rinoseron broke free from the trap and rushed at Son Mingi.

Son Mingi started to flee, but the Demonic Beast caught up to him immediately.

Bang! Crunch, crunch…

“Aaaaaack, keuuuuk!”

I heard the sound of something breaking and exploding.

Rinoseron didn’t stop and kept ramming its enormous horn against Son Mingi.

Clang, clang, claaaang!

At some point, Son Mingi didn’t even scream.

Because of that, the feeling of fear only grew.

‘If it doesn’t go as I think, I’ll be the next to look like this.’

I repeatedly took deep breaths, but my feet didn’t move.

Rinoseron’s feet weren’t tied.

If it perceives my attacks as a threat, it may attack me rather than Son Mingi.

‘Move, you have to go…!’

I saw Yu Sang-hun, who froze, start to flee after hearing the screams and Jang Namuk supporting him from the side.

Jang Namuk, who still had strength left, may be able to survive in critical condition if he is lucky.

But most of his body would be gone.

‘Yu Sang-hun will certainly die.’

The polygon chunks broken into pieces, seen on the screen after the end of tutorial, the NPCs, who died, would be those two.

When my thoughts got this far, I was already running towards the Demonic Beast.

⟨Skill ‘Use of Everything’ activated.⟩

My hand moved elegantly.

I naturally corrected my grip on the knife, which I held like a hammer, to hold it askew and stabbed the Demonic Beast, which was attacking Son Mingi.

After my attack attempt at the Demonic Beast, I saw a red health bar above its body.

It didn’t decrease even a little.

Once, twice, thrice…

I stabbed a few times and attacked the Demonic Beast skillfully, without burdening my hand, but it felt as if I was cutting stone with a glass knife.

I couldn’t leave even a hair berth of injury on the Demonic Beast that seemed to be wearing a steel cloak.

Even after I repeated it dozens of times, Rinoseron’s health bar didn’t decrease even 1%.

“Jo Uisin…!”

The face of Jang Namuk, who observed that scene from a distance, was anxious.

If it was Jang Namuk, who possessed an Insight category skill, he would notice that the damage dealt to the Enemy right now was close to 0.

Even so, if I stopped here, it was the end.

I had to end it while the Demonic Beast was attacking Son Mingi.

However…

The scent of oat flowers completely dissipated and the smell of rotting meat started to fill my nostrils.

The bloodied Demonic Beast abandoned Son Mingi, who no longer even twitched and looked down at me.

‘I want to run…!’

The pressure was incomparable to what I saw on the other side of the smartphone screen.

I might soon end up looking like Son Mingi.

Wooeeeeeee….!

But after the Demonic Beast cried out once, it completely ignored me.

Perhaps it was because the accumulated damage was almost close to 0.

As if the Jin’s familiar decided I was not dangerous, instead of attacking me directly it seemed to put its mind to carry out the order currently given through a blessing, ‘Destroy everything’.

⟨Warning, the Enemy ‘Rinoseron’ is about to use ‘Heavy Rush’ skill.⟩

One of the effects occurring when an Enemy was about to use a skill, red vapor gushed out of Rinoseron’s body.

A few seconds later my body would be turned into powder in the shock wave of the skill used by Rinoseron.

Faster.

A bit faster!

I devoted myself completely to moving the knife.

“Don’t…! Stop it and run, Jo Uisin!”

In the distance, Jang Namuk yelled.

Even so, I didn’t stop and swung my arm towards the body visible through the red vapor.

Ping.

⟨The weapon’s proficiency reached 100%.⟩

I heard a system notification.

Done!

I raised the knife, that started to shine, high and plunged it into the Rinoseron.

⟨The weapon’s rarity raised from N- to N.⟩

The knife wrapped in the effect of rarity change.

The knife held in my hand cut through the vapor gushing from Rinoseron and cut deep into the Demonic Beast’s body.

A while ago when it didn’t leave a single scratch was like a lie and the knife’s blade burrowed into the Demonic Beast’s vital point.

Paaat!

⟨Special attack ‘Instant Death’ activated.⟩

Wuuuaaa….

Rinoseron wasn’t able to resist even a bit and with the last death scream, it collapsed with a thud.

I pointed the knife at it for a while even after it collapsed, but the Demonic Beast didn’t move any longer.

‘I brought it down…!’

I looked down at the unmoving Demonic Beast, as I gasped and panted for breath.

If I was even a little bit late, I would end up like Son Mingi.

The hand holding the knife no longer trembled, but the feeling of dizziness in my head remained.

“Jo Uisin!”

Jang Namuk and Yu Sang-hun shouted my name and ran as if rolling.

Their speed was much faster than when they fled.

At that scene, the nervousness was relieved, and a laughter came out.

“You took it down… Well done, Jo Uisin!”

“That was close, were you aiming for it?”

Jang Namuk had an expression as if he was on the brink of crying and his face contorted, and Yu Sang-hun smiled brightly.

As if he forgot the pain because of adrenaline secretion, it seemed that enough energy returned to the pale-faced Yu Sang-hun for him to joke.

“What aiming? You worked hard, guys-ah[3].”

I tapped the sobbing Jang Namuk on the shoulder to make the tears go back in.

Even if it’s a middle school brat, if they cry in front of people, it would become a shameful dark history for them later.

Even though it hurt, as I put a bit of strength into it, he smiled brightly.

“Yu Sang-hun, did the bleeding stopped?”

“Thanks to the recovery medicine that fucker Son Mingi sprinkled, it got a bit better.”

Even though the bleeding stopped right now, if he moves the wound might open again.

Yu Sang-hun was a bastard, who didn’t make a weak sound even when he was on the brink of death.

‘It seems that he would keep his mouth shut even if the wound worsens.’

To prepare for such a case, I took Yu Sang-hun’s school uniform jacket, which turned into a rag, and cut it with the folding knife to make temporary bandages.

Before wrapping Yu Sang-hun’s chest in temporary bandages, I cardified the folding knife.
