“Ptui!”

The wizards turned away on their broomsticks. Like a swarm of locusts in autumn, they slowly flew away, covering most of the sky.

It was quiet now. There was no one around here except the Constellation Murderer and me. He turned to look at me. “I’ve fulfilled my promise, stranger.”

The Constellation Murderer described his situation calmly, as if he were talking about someone else.

“But after observing you, it seems I fell into a trap. Although I won the battle, my week’s worth of memories has been reduced to one day. This is a significant decrease in my power, which I believe was your intended goal.”

The Guardian called out to me in a low voice.

—Gong-Ja, don’t fall for it. He’s talking to you to buy as much time as possible. Don’t see that guy as a human being. He’s no different from a walking weapon that operates strictly based on the information he has.

Yes, I know.

I gripped the holy sword tighter and glared at the Constellation Murderer. “That’s right. I’m going to take you down.”

“But you see, I can’t attack you because of the promise I made. I can only dodge or block your attacks… That’s dangerous. If you’re the Sword Emperor himself or his herald as the Magic Tower Master said, that’s especially dangerous.”

“I’m the Death King, the Young Heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult and the Duke Consort of Ivansia.”

The Constellation Murderer opened the diary and wrote my name down. His fountain pen moved as he asked, “What is the Heavenly Demon Cult?”

“It’s the sword that answers everyone’s screams.”

“What about Young Heaven?”

“It’s the sword that will swing first.”

“What is the Death King supposed to be?”

“It’s the name of the person who will take you in.” I drew up my red aura. It was my turn to ask questions. “Constellation Murderer, do you have any memories about starvation?”

“I have some written down in my diary. However, I don’t have any in my seven days worth of memories right now.”

I nodded before charging. “That’s why you will lose.”

Chapter 128

The Compatriots (1)

—Hero, can you hear me?

Kim ■ blinked blankly. He was standing in the middle of a ruined wasteland, holding a sword. “This place is…”

—You were in a fierce battle until just a moment ago.

The voice was coming from the sword. It belonged to the Goddess of Protection, the Constellation that had brought him into this world. Although he could recognize the goddess, ■’s mind was somehow blank. How had he made it here? It was as if his memories were covered in soot. Even when he tried to remember and claw out the soot, the black dust always came back, clouding his head.

The goddess sounded like she was about to cry.

—You… fell into your enemy’s trap. It was an ambush you just couldn’t overcome. If you kept fighting normally, you would have lost for certain… so you used Salvation’s power for the first time.

“Salvation…”

—Yes, it’s the power that can save you depending on how much you give up. You gave up a syllable of your name, Hero.

Only then did ■ realize the reason behind the soot.

“I see. Yeah, that’s correct. I did that.”

He threw away a syllable of his name forever. He could no longer remember what his name was no matter how hard he tried. In return, the battlefield around him became a devastated wasteland and the group that attacked him with evil schemes evaporated from this world. Once more, the hero survived an unsurvivable adversity.

“It’s not so bad,” ■ muttered. “I didn’t like my name anyway. Throwing away one syllable gave me this much power…”

How much value his name carried mildly surprised ■. Not only had his name been worthless, but his life before coming to this world also didn’t have any value. At least, that was what ■ thought.

“Hwia.”

—Yes, Hero…

“We’ll be able to save this world a little faster.”

Kim ■ knew what he had to do. He had to throw away worthless memories to gain valuable ones in return.

“Before that, I’m going to make a new name for myself.”

Lefanta meant man of the wilderness in an ancient language. Kim ■ never called himself that, but at some point, people started looking up to him and referring to him by this name.

Lefanta Aegim.

Kim ■ became a man of the wilderness.

* * *

The land the wizards had passed through was now a ruined wasteland. I charged across the land like a gust of wind.

The silver-haired man, the Constellation Murderer, looked at me calmly.

Demonic Heaven Arts,

First Form:

Starvation Death.

Mimicking the movement of a child reaching for the sky as they died of starvation, I became the claw that scratched the sky. With the most primal movement and scream, I tried to cut off the Constellation Murderer’s head.

The Constellation Murderer gripped his sword tighter. “Maximum Sensory Enhancement. I give up one hour of my memories.”

Claanng!

Our swords locked. The Constellation Murderer blocked my attack and met my eyes, his gaze devoid of emotion. He held his diary in his other hand.

“What strange swordplay. It seems you use your aura based on your mind practice to strike. I heard that those born from murim are obsessed with the mind practice they use. Perhaps you learned this swordplay from somewhere other than the Righteous Faction. Probably the Heavenly Demon Cult you spoke of…”

I swung my sword.

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Second Form:

Thirst Death.

Dry wind blew across the wasteland, sending the sand dust flying. There had been a man who died of thirst because he couldn’t take a sip of water, even though he was surrounded by seawater. To him, the world had been a desert.

I summoned a desert and unleashed it toward the Constellation Murderer.

The Constellation Murderer blinked as he faced the desert wind. “Defense Enhancement. I give up the memories of how water tastes.”

Clang!

Again, my attack was blocked by the end of his sword.

“Fighting like this isn’t good, Death King.” His voice sounded as dry as a desert. “You’re righteous. If your justice is built on sound logic, you…”

“Whish.” I recited the prayer. “Whish.”

It was the only prayer I used. My red aura howled as my blood boiled. All the memories I had accumulated, the deaths I collected, and the events I lived through answered my prayer.

“Iwish.”

Another person had died because she couldn’t breathe as she sank into the sea. There were so many different ways for people to die, so the alleys—no, any ground I’ve ever walked on all held the record of someone’s death. Therefore, death was present in all worlds.

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Third Form:

Drowning Death.

The silver-haired Constellation Murderer swung his sword. “Interception Enhancement. I give up the memories of how the sea smells.”

“How much do you think you can throw away?”

“As much as I can.”

I clenched my jaw. Now I understand.

As I launched a barrage of attacks, I glared at the Constellation Murderer, who blocked every single one of my attacks. That was when realization dawned on me.

I could have become just like him.

He was a hero who had honed his demonic arts to the limit, and the Guardian had faced him one hundred fifty years prior. That was why the Guardian had roared when he went up against my teacher.

—I’m going to teach him how to be happy.

The Guardian knew what happened to people who abandoned themselves because he had seen it firsthand, so he had fought Teacher. If I didn’t have the Guardian, hadn’t met Raviel, or believed that my memories were dispensable, I would have ended up like the man in front of me.

“Lefanta Aegim!” I swung my sword.

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Fourth Form:

Freezing Death.

The Constellation Murderer also raised his sword. “I give up the memories of warm and cold winds.”

“You mentioned righteousness!”

“That’s right.”

Our two swords crossed paths once again.

“If I am righteous…”

“…you wouldn’t threaten my life.”

We looked straight into each other’s eyes.

“That’s what you said!”

“That’s what I said.”

When our voices clashed, we pushed each other away.

With the magnitude of a raging ocean wave, I shouted, “Then what is your justice?”

“My justice is to eradicate Constellations.” The Constellation Murderer’s voice was as loud as a downpour, covering my shout.

“Why?”

The Constellation Murderer had said that he couldn’t answer but, as the Guardian had told me before, the Constellation Murderer had no choice but to chat away now since he had to buy more time to throw away.

“Constellations take away freedom of choice from humans.”

This was his justice.

“Good originates from human freedom, so any Constellation that violates that freedom is evil.”

That was how he defined good and evil.

“You said that you defeated the Constellation known as the Immortal Happiness Preacher. Then you know that she infected the humans in the world she reigned and forced them to be happy.”

He mentioned righteousness.

“What about the Eternal Plains Warhorse? Every world the Constellation tramples becomes a battlefield. Even everyday conversations turn into intense arguments. Humans have no freedom there.”

He mentioned freedom.

His words resembled rain, so I drank them up as I shouted, “You say humans should be free?”

“Yes.”

I swung my sword. “Then, what about you?”

“I am…”

“You’re just a machine that does whatever is written in that diary! You have no freedom!”

“That is a valid point.”

The Constellation Murderer swung the sword with his right hand but did not let go of the diary in his left hand. He indifferently scanned through the pages.

“I would answer that it’s only right to give up my freedom if it means I can save everyone else’s. That is how I decided I would use the freedom I had in the beginning. Therefore…”

“Don’t be ridiculous!”

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Fifth Form:

Poisoning Death.

“How are you any different from the Constellations you talked about?”

The Constellation Murderer paused but still quickly managed to defend my strike infused with all the poison I had scraped from other worlds.

“I give up the memories of how all flowers smell.”

“You smell the flowers, see the sunset, drink, eat, and feel the wind for a week. But it doesn’t mean anything! You just throw it all away!”

“Constellations are bad influences on worlds. They force their principles and ways of thinking onto humans. People become puppets against their wishes.” The Constellation Murderer recited his diary. “To at least give the people back the freedom of choice, Constellations should…”

“How is that…”

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Sixth Form:

Illness Death.

“…any different…”

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Seventh Form:

Bludgeoning Death.

“…from what you’re doing!” I screamed.

“I give up all the dreams I had for a week, the pain of my wounds, the scenery of morning, afternoon, evening, and night…”

“You just do whatever is written in the diary! Constellations are better than you! At least they know what they’re doing, but you’re just obeying words scribbled on paper!”

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Eighth Form:

Fire Death.

“You’re not the slayer of Constellations! You are a Constellation who kills other Constellations!”

The Constellation Murderer… More like the Murderer Constellation.

“If killing the Constellation is your only duty, kill yourself first, the Constellation of Murder!”

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Ninth Form:

Self-Determination Death.

My sword tried to pierce the Constellation Murderer, but I was only able to cut through the middle of the worn-out diary he could not take his eyes off of. Countless pages flew into the air, his notes scattering like flower petals.

“I give up… one second of my memories,” the Constellation Murderer muttered.

Not a lot of time had passed since his intense battle with the Magic Tower’s Spiders, and he and I had been fighting for quite a while. All the memories he had accumulated over a week were exhausted; he was out of his ammo.

“I give up one second of my memories.”

Despite reaching the end, the Constellation Murderer didn’t stop operating since he still had something left to throw away. Actually, he had an endless supply.

“I give up one second of my memories.”

The Constellation Murderer sacrificed the seconds that kept passing while swinging his sword, drawing up his aura, and protecting himself.

“I give up one second of my memories.”

Yes.

“I give up one second of my memories.”

This was his way of screaming.

“I give up one second of my memories.”

The Demonic Heaven was the sword that answered all screams.

“I give up one second of my memories.”

I had been following the scream of the snowfield, the heart, and the children. Since he was the cause of all those screams, he would naturally be the end of them as well.

“I give up one second of my memories,” the Constellation Murderer muttered as he swung his sword.

The voice had no tone; it was colorless. Since there were no emotions in his eyes, he seemed heartless. The colorless, heartless man continued to block my sword strikes, his silver hair flying in the air.

“I give up…”

I slashed his shoulder.

“…one second of my memories.”

I didn’t stop swinging my sword.

“…one second…”

Splashes of blood burst out of his shoulder and calf. The more my sword struck, the more red sprayed on the gray wasteland.

“I give up…”

I closed in on the Constellation Murderer, who couldn’t stop me. When he fell backward, I pinned him down and raised my sword high. “Lefanta Aegim.”

“…one second.”

“I’ll take in your scream.”

I pierced the Constellation of Murder’s heart.

The Constellation Murderer coughed out blood. He couldn’t breathe. His eyes were emotionless as he looked up at me. His lips moved, but his voice was muffled by the sputtering blood.

“…one…”

But that was what the scream did.

The blood from the Constellation Murderer’s beating heart flowed out of his mouth, where his voice came from. It spread further and further in a circle. The Constellation Murderer’s silver hair, the color between white and gray, was soaked by the growing pool of blood.

He slowly closed his eyes.

The Tower’s voice was quiet.

[Your presence has become stronger.]

[The Death King’s level has increased.]

[Your Skill Slots have increased]

[Your Hunter Class is C.]

[May luck be with you.]

The voice didn’t stop.

[Your presence has become stronger.]

[The Death King’s level has increased.]

The Tower made declarations as if it was time to settle all the causes and effects I created.

[Your Skill Slots have increased]

[Your Hunter Class is B.]

[May luck be with you.]

When everything quieted down, I quietly retrieved the sword from his heart. The Constellation Murderer’s corpse was docile, emotionlessly lying in the pool of his own blood. It was as if he were destined to lose this fight from the beginning.

[The Lonely Seeker is shocked by the Constellation Murderer’s death.]

[The Labyrinth-Dwelling Eye becomes vigilant about you after achieving such an unbelievable feat.]

[The Eternal Plains Warhorse is surprised by the Constellation Murderer’s death.]

The worlds were shocked.

Chapter 129

The Compatriots (2)

Of course, the Constellations weren’t the only ones who were shocked by the Constellation Murderer’s death.

“What?”

“What? Wait, what…? The Constellation Murderer is dead? Seriously?” a shocked voice asked from the gray sky. It belonged to the Magic Tower Master, the leader of the wizards who’d had an intense battle against the Constellation Murderer not too long before.

Upon hearing that, Hunters slowly gathered in the wasteland after fleeing from the battle between the Constellation Murderer and the Magic Tower.

“That’s impossible. The Constellation Murderer is dead?”

“Who is this guy?”

“Who the hell is the Sword Emperor supposed to be?”

“Fuck, that crazy motherfucker has reincarnated…”

Despite their shock, the Hunters were hesitant to come closer, wary of a strange Hunter who had suddenly appeared and hunted the Constellation Murderer.

I steadied my breath, which was ragged from my fight.

This is dangerous. I need to disappear before I attract more attention. If they find out that my combat prowess is actually not as high as they think, they won’t hesitate to hunt me down.

I was able to hunt the Constellation Murderer because of the trap I had set. If we had fought each other head-on, if both of us had been fully prepared, I would have lost no matter what. The other Hunters didn’t know this yet… and it was fortunate that they didn’t.

Let’s hurry.

“Send me back,” I muttered after carrying the Constellation Murderer’s body on my back.

I pictured the majestic lobby of the great library. Soon I was going to be teleported there, carrying the Constellation Murderer’s body, and then I would persuade the Indoor Librarian according to my plan.

“…?”

But nothing happened.

“Send me back,” I said again, but still nothing. I was still in the desolate wasteland. The Constellation Murderer’s sticky blood drenched my back. Hundreds of Hunters were looking at me in confusion.

Suddenly, I had an ominous realization.

The stage clear message hasn’t appeared yet.

The Constellation Murderer was definitely dead. However, I wasn’t told that the stage was cleared.

Why? What am I missing?

I hurriedly reviewed everything I had done to find out what was amiss. Perhaps just killing the Constellation Murderer wasn’t enough since he wasn’t the ruler of the fiftieth floor.

“What’s wrong with him? He’s just standing there.”

“Wait a sec. My evaluation Skill says that his Class is B.”

“B?”

While I was desperately searching for an answer by racking through my memories, the Hunters were chatting away. The initial shock slowly gave way to waves of wariness and then doubt.

“Don’t bullshit me.”

“Well, maybe he has a Skill that camouflages his level. The Constellation Murderer is estimated to be at least Class S, so there’s no way a Class B Hunter could just kill him.”

“Hey! Somebody talk to that guy!”

“Are there any Hunters among you who were around when the Sword Emperor was alive?”

Cold sweat ran down my spine.

Not good.

The atmosphere was becoming uneasy. It wasn’t just because the Hunters were trying to approach me. Each and every one of those Hunters was dangerous and probably of a higher Class than me. My hunter instincts were telling me that I was missing something.

I instinctively looked to the side. The Guardian was there, grinning.

—What are you looking at?

Be honest with me. You know something I don’t, isn’t that right?

—I have no idea what you’re talking about. I’ve already given you all the advice I can give you.

Even as he said that, the Guardian couldn’t erase the smirk off his face. A hint of playfulness lay in the corners of his mouth.

Shit. I cursed, hurriedly recalling the Guardian’s advice from before.

—Gong-Ja, don’t fall for it. He’s talking to you to buy as much time as possible. Don’t see that guy as a human being. He’s no different from a walking weapon that operates strictly based on the information he has.

That was what the Guardian had told me earlier. I quickly analyzed the Constellation Murderer.

Lefanta Aegim obsessively calculated everything. Of course, even if it were just a small possibility, wouldn’t he have assumed that he might die? The Constellation Murderer has even met the Sword Emperor before. What would I have done if I were him?

During one of my previous trauma penalties, I had seen the Constellation Murderer for the first time. The Guardian was also with me at that time and immediately recognized the Constellation Murderer.

—Huh? I’ve seen that bastard before. He’s the Constellation Murderer. I’m sure of it. Yeah. I was wondering where that psycho was born. Wow, I didn’t know he was from Aegim.

When I asked how the Guardian knew the Constellation Murderer, he had just shrugged.

—What do you mean, how? We went at it. He’s strong, but he can’t compete with me.

In other words, the Guardian had defeated the Constellation Murderer before. Strange. Very strange.

I looked at the Guardian, feeling the Constellation Murderer’s blood flowing down my back. No…

—Yeah.

There’s no way someone like you would let the Constellation Murderer live.

The Sword Emperor was one hell of a psychopath, but he was very respectful and valued honor when it came to the sword and martial arts.

The Guardian had killed my teacher in a fair match of words. Teacher had been as beautiful as she had been kind. However, the Guardian had firmly stated that her words abided by the wicked principles of a demonic cult and slew her.

—Hehe.

The Constellation Murderer was incomparably more wicked than Teacher.

—You smart rascal.

So… there was no way the Guardian wouldn’t have killed the Constellation Murderer after defeating him.

—This is why I like you. To be a proper Hunter, you have to be smart, bold, and capable. Those are the three qualities that a Hunter should have. They should be able to think of ways to win, have the guts to carry out their plan, and have the skill to execute it successfully.

The only possible conclusion was that the Guardian had killed the Constellation Murderer before. It was just that he didn’t stay dead.

—The Constellation Murderer is a Hunter just like you.

The sky split.

“Attack enhancement. I give up the memories of the white flower that I caught a glimpse of on the way here.”

I was only able to avoid that blow because I was extremely tense and alert of my surroundings. My aura was enhancing all my five senses to the limit. That was how I could sense the sword brutally cut through the air.

I abandoned Lefanta Aegim’s body and pathetically rolled on the ground using Lazy Donkey Roll. The only goal was to make it out of that spot. The movement art I used would have made the martial artists from murim sneer at me, but I did it without any shame.

In return, I lived.

Thuuuudd!

The wasteland was destroyed. The blow swept out the crowd that gathered to watch me. Unlike me, the Hunters hadn’t been vigilant of their surroundings. Because of their slight carelessness, more than twenty of them were slaughtered in the blink of an eye.

“On the way here, I saw an old man tending to his flower pot.”

Footsteps echoed through the wasteland, which was now echoing with screams and moans.

“The flower pot was small. The man’s life was also nearing its end; a single flower pot could hold all that was left. I briefly looked at the flower pot that held the old man’s life. Regardless of its size, life can be beautiful if it can be preserved.”

The man was wearing a worn-out hood over his head.

“Attack Enhancement,” the man said under the hood. “I give up my memories of the old man and the flower pot.”

A storm blew.

[The Lonely Seeker rejoices.]

[The Labyrinth-Dwelling Eye is waiting for more information to be revealed.]

[The Eternal Plains Warhorse has completely given up on attacking you.]

The casualties quickly doubled. Except for quick Hunters, everyone else was caught up in the storm.

A brave soul threw himself at the hooded man, but his limbs were soon blown away, showing everyone the difference between courage and arrogance.

“I heard people whispering in the alleys.”

The gale took the man’s hood off.

“I couldn’t understand their whisperings, but I didn’t want to dismiss them as mere noises. It made me want to understand them. I wondered if that was what beauty is all about. I thought the murmurs in the alleys were beautiful.”

His hair was silver.

“I walked. Stepping on solid ground felt invigorating and pleasant. I wondered if people would be a little better when they walked barefoot. After imagining that, I felt like they would probably step on a piece of glass and hurt themselves. People who walk barefoot in this world are good people, but they will always be in a lot of pain.”

His eyes were blue.

“I deduced that my killer is among you. The most likely suspect is… the one carrying my corpse.”

He was holding an old notebook.

“It has been 153 years, 7 months, and 2 days since I died. The Hunter who killed me, the Sword Emperor, was certainly more skilled than me, so I added the rule on page 2 to run away if a stronger opponent killed me. This is the lesson I gained after fighting the Sword Emperor and dying three times.”

After scanning through the old notebook with his blue eyes, the silver-haired man looked at me.

“You dodged my two strikes. If you were a warrior at the Sword Emperor’s level, you would have counterattacked immediately after dodging. The Sword Emperor called his level Eternal Dawn Sword, but you don’t have the skills to be at that level.”

The holy sword hanging on my belt trembled.

“It’s hard to tell why I was killed by a Hunter like you, but it means that you are clever enough to come up with a method that I can’t surmise. Hunters smarter than me are dangerous. If you become more powerful than you are now, you may become a Hunter comparable to the Sword Emperor.”

The man was a human weapon who killed Constellations. He even considered the possibility of his own death in advance and thus created a copy of himself. It could have been a clone, a doll, or something made from some Constellations’ borrowed power.

The Constellation Murderer, Lefanta Aegim, was looking straight at me.

—Don’t think of that guy as a human. He’s a Hunter just like you, Gong-Ja, the Guardian whispered.

Just like how I never stayed dead, the Constellation Murderer had also prepared for his death.

“I deduced that you’re a dangerous person who should be eliminated immediately.” The Constellation Murderer took out a yellow rubber band from his pocket and slowly tied his silver hair. “I’ll fight you.”

The world was split apart.

The Guardian laughed boisterously and the moth-eaten hem of his robe fluttered.

—Welcome to the world after the forty-ninth floor, Gong-Ja!

* * *

I drew as much of my aura as possible. “Shit! A clone? He’s really no different from a machine!”

The Constellation Murderer looked at the diary and then at me. It would have been better if he just looked at me, but he continued to attack as his eyes scanned the pages. I did my best to dodge his barrage of strikes.

“Only one Constellation was present in the battles against the Sword Emperor. The Sword Emperor himself considered duels sacred. But there are too many witnesses to my death this time. It’s difficult to eliminate all of them as of now.”

“Crazy shit…” the Magic Tower Master murmured absentmindedly in the sky.

Regardless, the Constellation Murderer moved mechanically, as if he had programmed his behavior beforehand.

“Therefore, I’ll choose threat over elimination. I’ll tell this to my current and future antagonists. Listen to me carefully. I achieved immortality in an artificial way, so I’ll stand before you again even if you murder me this time as well.”

“…”

“And, I’ll make sure to kill whoever caused my death. If a group is behind it, I’ll destroy them all.”

Thuuuuuud!

I barely managed to avoid the attack the Constellation Murderer threw, slashing his corpse instead. The body was immediately cut in half at the waist. It was crazy, considering that the corpse looked exactly like him.

“This isn’t an empty threat. I’ll kill you right here to prove it.” He looked emotionless. It seemed that his own body didn’t mean anything to him.

He approached me. “Attack Enhancement. I give up the memories of all the beauty in the world.”

I was caught in the illusion that time stopped as a single sword strike tore through the air and the ground. I looked into the Constellation Murderer’s eyes. They only carried madness. He didn’t seem afraid to sacrifice anything to carry out his beliefs.

The Guardian was correct. The Constellation was a Hunter just like me.

He’s like me, but he didn’t get to meet his Raviel… I lamented as I watched death stalk me. Although I gave up on defending myself, it didn’t mean that I was going to throw my life away.

“Don’t commit suicide without my permission. Don’t die even when death is your easiest escape. You’re my lover, so you can’t just throw away your life. Even if death seems inevitable, struggle to survive until the end.”

I swung my sword instead. If I couldn’t block the attack and was going to die anyway, I should make one attack that landed on him somehow. This was my promise to Raviel.

Slaaaashh!

The Constellation Murderer’s strike and my sword crossed paths. I tore through the diary in the Constellation Murderer’s left hand and saw his silver eyebrows twitch slightly before his sword pierced me.

“…”

I’ll admit it.

Blood crawled up my throat, and the world around me turned white. Even while I felt my whole body boiling in pain, I glared at the Constellation Murderer until the end.

You are a monster who is stronger than me. You’re also very cautious, like me. However, you are not the only one who can wait for the next chance, Lefanta Aegim.

[The Indoor Librarian sighs in lament.]

Alright, kill me. I’ll die now. Kill me over and over. Let’s kill each other! Your hell can compete with mine, but the last person standing will be me because you are in the wrong!

[The Indoor Librarian is experiencing delighted despair]

I’ll beat you.

[You have died.]

Just you wait.

[Your Hunter Class is B.]

[Due to the doubled penalty effect, the order of the Skill activation has changed.]

No matter what… I will…

[Warning.]

[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

[Extracting the required data for recreation from your memory.]

The white world around me turned red.

[The penalty’s intensity level is high.]

[The penalty’s theme is the Tiryagyoni[1] Realm.]

As my consciousness faded away and I crossed to the otherworld, I heard a melody.

Ding. Ding. Ding.

It was a very familiar melody of bells I had heard somewhere a long time before.

Where have I heard that before… Oh, where… Where was it?

I tried to open my eyes, but my eyelids were as heavy as metal. I felt numb, as if I was under the effects of sleep paralysis. I could only hear the unrefined, vague melody of bells occasionally.

Ding, ding, ding.

At some point, I heard a different sound.

—This is an announcement from the broadcasting club to all students on campus.

Campus?

— Please return home if you aren’t attending the night self-study session. There have recently been multiple reports of students remaining on campus even after school hours. Again, those who have not signed up for the night self-study session should return home.

Ding, ding, ding, ding.

The bell rang again and the voice died out. What in the world was that about?

I struggled to break free from the paralysis, but it didn’t work. Instead, I drew a dot in my mind and focused on it. I felt my body shaking. When I was about to focus a little harder and lift my fingers, something hit my head.

“Sunbae, wake up! They’re telling us to go home!”

Only then could I move as if freed from a binding spell. I exhaled sharply, gradually feeling the outline of my body, and then my senses came back. My hearing came back first, followed by my sight.

“Haha.”

The familiar sound of laughter made me raise my head.

“Sleeping face down on your desk is bad for your health, especially your back. More than anything, you can’t get a good night’s sleep like this. Midterm season is coming up soon, so I understand that you need to study hard, but it’s better to go home and sleep!”

The Inquisitor was looking down at me with a smile, but something about him was different.

“Mr. Inquisitor?”

The Inquisitor was wearing a school uniform.

“What? Inquisitor?” He tilted his head. “Who is that supposed to be?”

“Is that you, Goldencup? Did you possess the Inquisitor this time?”

“Possess? Oh, were you dreaming? Hahahaha, you read a lot, Sunbae, so I guess that’s why you had such an interesting dream!”

“…”

I slowly looked around. The two of us were… in a library, but it was shabby compared to the Great Library of All Life. If the great library was a magnificent mansion, this was a cramped doghouse. When I looked outside the window, I saw a large schoolyard like those in any school.

Mr. Sword Emperor, I muttered in my mind as I felt my mouth turning dry, we’re in big trouble. It seems that the penalty became weird when my Hunter Class increased. In the past, I watched the trauma like I was dreaming, but this is like… Mr. Sword Emperor?

I didn’t get a reply, so I looked around again.

Hello?

Silence.

Hey, idiot.

Still nothing.

“Come on, Sunbae. Hurry up and go home. The student council president will probably be waiting at the school gate today as well. You shouldn’t make your girlfriend angry! I’ll put back the books, so you leave first, Sunbae!”

And then I realized that I had entered a new phase of the trauma penalty.

* * *

1. The word for nonhuman animals in Buddhism. ☜

Chapter 130

The Compatriots (3)

“Come on, come on! Cherish the people around you! You’re the star of the romance that went down in the history of Shinseo Middle and High Schools. You shouldn’t make your girlfriend wait.”

The Inquisitor chased me out of the library. My mind was blank. I didn’t know what to say. After a brief pause, the library door closed.

“Uhhhh…”

The school was quiet. The gray granite hallway looked smooth under the sunset. No one was coming and going in the hallway. All I could hear was the sound of students kicking a soccer ball in the distant playground, shouting “Pass! Pass!”

It felt as if I was sleepwalking.

“What’s really going on…?”

“The student council president will probably be waiting at the school gate today as well! You shouldn’t make your girlfriend angry!”

I had never been to high school, but I still attended middle school for about two years. I was quite familiar with school itself.

Let’s go to the school gate first.

The white pillars and walls of the hallway were painted with lines of light green. The color wasn’t a pretty shade of light green, though. It looked tacky, the color of artificial peas.

Stairs. There should be stairs nearby. Ah, found them.

As I reached the top of the stairs, I sensed that someone was nearby, so I looked up. There was a student standing in front of the metal door leading to the rooftop, staring because he couldn’t open it. It seemed that his gaze was on the chains and locks tangled around the doorknob. Perhaps the student had also sensed someone approaching, just like I had. He also raised his head and looked at me. I had never seen him before.

After giving me a nod and a bow, he silently came down the stairs and passed me. That was when I saw the collar of his school uniform dress shirt. The stains on his white collar made it look old. I could smell the familiar scent of poverty. Of course, I only got to see a glimpse of him as he quickly disappeared down the stairs.

—Positive Mental Attitude♪

—Have Fun In Life♪

—Keep Your Heart Happy♪

As I walked down the stairs of the empty school, I saw colorful slogans hanging on the walls. They were meaningless, so they were better left unsaid. The font and color were cute, as if desperately trying to hide the fact that they were useless. However, those slogans were just hideous.

It took some time before I came to my senses. “Yes, I have somewhere to be.”

I arrived at the school gate where a black limousine was parked in front.

Hold on. I had come down the stairs normally, passed the normal sandy schoolyard, and reached the school gate; that much was normal. But why was a luxurious limousine like those in movies parked in front of the gate?

The person closest to my heart was standing next to the limousine. “You’re a little late today.”

“Ra-Raviel…?”

“It’s a wonderful evening, Gong-Ja,” my love said calmly. “The sunset is even more beautiful now that I got to see you. I think the reason the sunset turns red is to hide the blush on your cheeks.”

Some students hadn’t returned home yet, still playing on the basketball court. Others were taking a short walk before going back to their night self-study session. The soccer field was also occupied with students kicking at a ball. However, everyone seemed to stop what they were doing and looked my way.

“Look at that sunbae…”

“Ah, he’s the one dating the daughter of a chaebol family, right…?”

“I’m so fucking jealous…”

“He confessed in front of everyone at the festival…”

What the hell?

“What’s wrong, Gong-Ja? Your goofy expression is your charming point, but you’re being a bit too goofy today. Are you trying to develop a new charm?”

“Raviel… Are you from a chaebol family?”

I felt dizzy. What in the world was I supposed to watch in this trauma? Was the whole purpose of this getting to see Raviel in school uniform? Should I take a picture and preserve it forever? Was that even possible, taking pictures within traumas and bringing them to reality?

“You’re saying strange things, my boyfriend… I was born into a chaebol family, and of course, that hasn’t changed.”

Oh, my god. Raviel called me her boyfriend. She called me her boyfriend!

What should I do? Should I record this using video or just sound? I was inclined to film the whole thing. I now really had to know if the technology that could transmit video recordings from trauma to reality had been developed in modern times. What were scientists doing? Wasn’t this negligence their fault?

“Ra-Raviel. I’m sorry, but how old are you now?”

“…I’m a second-year student at Shinseo High School.”

“What about me?”

“Butler, make an appointment with a psychiatrist right away. It seems my boyfriend is suffering from mild amnesia. To answer your question, Gong-Ja, you’re in the same grade as me.”

“Ah, I can’t believe I’m meeting you in high school… Am I really spending my school days with you? What is this blessing… I am the happiest person in the world…”

“Butler, cancel that. He’s just his usual self.”

We had an affectionate moment in front of the school gate. I was happy. Squeals and screams came from the schoolyard, but I didn’t care. Judging from what the Inquisitor had said, the two of us were an official couple within the school.

“Even if I were to be reborn in another world, I love you, Raviel…”

“I will love you in all of my lives. To me, you will always be the definition of love, Kim Gong-Ja. But for now, we have this life to live. Get in the car. I’ll take you home.”

To me, home meant the orphanage, so could she mean that she was taking me there? No. This world of trauma was clearly different from reality.

I had never been to high school or heard of a place called Shinseo High School. What kind of place was my home in this world?

“It looks like something big happened to your family yesterday, my love,” Raviel said as we got into the limousine, which was spacious and comfortable, but the two of us sat right next to each other.

“What? Something big?”

“Oh, you don’t consider an incident of this magnitude big? Well, you always hated talking about that guy. Of course, I do too… Still, family is family. I took care of everything, so please tell your parents not to worry. No, it would be better to deliver the news myself.”

I had no idea what she was talking about. Perhaps something happened and Raviel covered it up. However, I couldn’t help focusing on the word “parents”. I had parents…?

When I was young, I once called the director of the orphanage my father and an older girl who had come to volunteer “Mom.” But I only did that because I was an ignorant and mischievous child. That was probably not what Raviel was doing.

In this world, I had a home and parents. Somehow, it felt strange. Raviel had brought me a foster father for the wedding, but… it was closer to the joy of receiving a gift from someone I loved. It was sweet, but the sweetness never lasted.

It was different this time. The parents I was meeting had existed all along and would continue to do so.

I don’t even know how to feel about that…

The limousine stopped, When I looked outside the window, I saw a small, shabby house in an old neighborhood. In front of the house, a rugged-looking man with long hair was sweeping the leaves using a broom.

It was the Guardian. I almost lost my mind.

The man grinned. “Wow! Your girlfriend even gave you a limousine ride. You’re one hell of a lucky guy! This is all thanks to me passing on my good looks to you. Respect your father for the genetics!”

“How have you been, Father?[1]“ Raviel asked.

“Oh, please don’t bow, Miss. You shouldn’t bow to a guy like me. Wait, has my son been rude to you? He has a good heart, but he still has the tendency to be a bit of a wacko…”

“It’s okay. I value every aspect of Gong-Ja.”

The Guardian sobbed. “How can everything that leaves your mouth sound so beautiful? Hey! Hey! Kim Gong-Ja, you rascal! Quickly kneel down and bow. If you do anything mean to her, I will no longer consider you my son. Do you hear me? I’ll disown you![2]“

Raviel and the Guardian were talking cordially face to face. My legs gave out.

Raviel caught me. “Speaking of which, Gong-Ja has been acting weird today. He asked me how old I am earlier.”

“He’s always strange. When he was five… Oh, would you like to have dinner at our house? I made some seasoned cockles today, and they turned out amazing.”

“I won’t say no to it.”

“You have such a kind spirit, Miss! Gong-Ja, what are you doing? Why aren’t you on your knees yet? Shall I bend them for you?”

I went into the house.

Teacher was sitting on the sofa and reading a newspaper. “Welcome, Gong-Ja. How was school today, son?”

I dropped to my knees.

“Huh? You even brought your girlfriend home. Welcome, Miss Ban Si-A[3].”

“Please call me Raviel, Mother. I’m more used to my English name.”

“Is that so? Hmm. I see. Children these days are quite unique.”

Mother. Mother. Mo… th… er…?

“Sweetie, you’re expecting too much from Gong-Ja. He doesn’t have the nerve to invite Miss Ban Si-A to our home. She’s here because of my seasoned cockles.”

“Aha, I see. You’re right, honey. It would be awful of me to expect that from our son. It looks like the soybean paste soup is done, so let’s…”

Sweetie. Honey. Sweetie… Honey… Swe… etie…? Hon… ey…?

「… continuing the report on popular singer Yoo Soo-Ha.」

The anchor’s voice came from the television in the living room.

「This is supposedly the moment of Singer Yoo Soo-Ha’s assault. The reveal of the video shocked many people yesterday, but a report came in this morning that the video was actually fabricated. Surprisingly, the report is from the very informant who had provided the video.」

I absentmindedly stared at the television where an ID photo of a handsome man with a long ponytail appeared.

「The informant said, “It was just a prank, so I had no idea how serious it would all turn out to be. I would like to give my sincerest apology to those who were shocked and heartbroken because of my video… 」

The photos of Preta and Goldencup also appeared on the screen. The photos of the Fire Emperor, Preta, and Goldencup were lined up.

「The fellow group members—Estelle and Sylvia—are refraining from releasing an official statement.」

The video showed Preta and the Fire Emperor dancing while Goldencup was singing.

「However, it is expected that the group’s activities will inevitably have setbacks for the time being. The concert that was scheduled to take place in ten days has already been canceled.」

The fuck! What the hell did I just see? This was madness!

Teacher nodded and put down the newspaper, looking at Raviel with a serious expression on her face. “We have a lot to talk about at the dinner table. Gong-Ja, bring your brother. It’s been a while since we dined together, so the whole family should get together and have a meal. Would that be okay with you, Miss Raviel?”

“Of course.”

Brother? I didn’t just have a father and a mother, but also a brother?

“Where is he?”

“He’s in your room.” Teacher gestured toward the door with her eyes.

I was afraid for some reason. My father was the Guardian, and my mother was Teacher. So who was going to show up as my brother now?

Creak.

Carefully and slowly, I opened the door to my room. A man was lying on the bed, eating crunchy potato chips while reading a comic book from a rental store. The man looked at me and gave me a quick greeting with his grease-covered hand.

“Hey, it’s been a while. Did you see the fucking news too? Huh? I almost got in big trouble yesterday. He kept stalking me, so I got so annoyed that I punched him. And someone had to film the moment. Shit. My career as a singer almost ended.”

It was the Fire Emperor.

“I was lucky that fucker tucked his tail between his legs and ran. Ugh, Mom scolded the hell out of me… Huh? Hey? You okay? Your face is very pale. Kim Gong-Ja? Hey, dude. Have you lost your mind? Why are you staggering all of a sudden…”

I lost it and jumped on the bed. “Die! Die!!! Die, you crazy bastard!”

“Y-you really lost it. Hey, calm down!”

“You just called Teacher Mom, so how can I calm down, you son of a bitch? Die! Die and apologize to Teacher!”

“What bullshit… Wait, wow, what the fuck? W-when did you become this strong, you jerk… Ugh, urgh… gah…!”

I strangled Yoo Soo-Ha with all my heart. I could accept the Guardian showing up as my father. Deep down, I really couldn’t, but I had to try. But this motherfucking psychopath was my brother?

“Dieeeeeee!”

“M-Mom!” Yoo Soo-Ha screamed in spite of me choking him. “Gong-Ja is strangling me! Moooooom!”

Fuck me.

* * *

1. Even when Koreans aren’t married, they treat their lover’s family as their own to show their affection. ☜

2. It’s a common joke in Korea. ☜

3. A Korean wordplay on I “vansia” ☜

Chapter 131

The Wasteland (1)

“I know I’m overstepping, but I took care of the issue involving Gong-Ja’s brother,” Raviel said.

After the commotion, we gathered at the table. Both the Fire Emperor’s eyes were bruised. He looked like a panda. I had a bump sticking out on my head; Teacher had scolded me and smacked me in the head…

“Such incidents should be suppressed very early or let time take care of them. The latter is usually preferred, but time wasn’t on our side this time. There are no political scandals at the moment, and his concert was scheduled in ten days,” Raviel skillfully explained and ate the seasoned cockles from the shells using her chopsticks.

Raviel was using chopsticks in front of my eyes. She was right there.

Her fingers are pretty.

I was grateful for the invention of chopsticks. The chopsticks would probably be happy that Raviel was using them. I was sure of it. Though my stomach was churning at how politely she was treating that son of a bitch.

“Gong-Ja.”

“Yes, Raviel?”

“Don’t look at me like that,” Raviel said, looking genuinely troubled. “Avert your eyes or look down. I’m talking to your parents, so I don’t want to do anything unseemly in front of them.”

“Okay…” I looked down and ate quietly.

What? These seasoned cockles were amazing. The Guardian really cooked this? Did he actually have a knack for cooking? Everything I knew was falling apart…

“Ah, you don’t have to be polite to him. He doesn’t deserve that kind of respect. Just call him a dickhead,” I said, motioning toward the Fire Emperor

The Fire Emperor almost spat the cockles in my face. “Y-you bastard, you’ve gotten awfully cocky while I was away, haven’t you?”

Teacher slowly filled her glass to enjoy it with the meal. “Actually, I’m a little baffled, Miss Raviel. I would understand if you did this for Gong-Ja, but, as you already know, Soo-Ha and Gong-Ja aren’t exactly on good terms. Did you really have to help Soo-Ha? You even had to use your family’s influence.”

“I didn’t have to help him,” Raviel answered calmly. “I just wanted to show you something, Father and Mother.”

“Show us? Show us what exactly?”

“You two are probably underestimating my love for Gong-Ja. To you two, I must seem like a chaebol girl having some short-lived fun before getting bored. Or maybe you think that our relationship is going to be just another high school experience and that I don’t care about its outcome.

“But I’m serious about making you all my family. There are also people in my family who oppose my relationship with Gong-Ja, but I ignore them. The reason I handled this issue is to show you both my ability and determination. Please give us your blessing for the marriage.”

Teacher smiled bitterly. “I wonder what my son did to deserve your love. Thank you. It’s odd to see my son being loved, but I feel like I raised him right.”

“Wow, man. Are we really going to become related to a chaebol family? Awesome! My career as a singer is going to be smooth sailing. Hey, sister-in-law, several singers are heading to China these days. Can you help out my gro…”

“Soo-Ha. If you ever get involved in an incident like that again, I’ll write you out of the family certificate and disown you.”

“Eh?”

“No, that won’t be enough. Go find the person you assaulted. And then get down on your knees and bow to receive their forgiveness. I won’t acknowledge you as my son until you receive that apology.”

“M-Mom?”

I quietly watched everything around the table. A home and parents were things I didn’t use to have.

Raviel left only after receiving the blessing for the marriage and setting a date for the families to meet.

The Guardian guffawed. “Hahaha! I guess I should get you a suit, son! This is happening faster than I thought!”

Teacher and the Guardian were writers. After Raviel returned, it became quiet in the house. They were working quietly in the living room. With a cup of coffee by her side, Teacher occasionally wrote a few words on a manuscript paper using a pencil, lost in thought for a long time. I watched her from the side. Her face was serene.

The Guardian wrote with a typewriter.

Click, clack.

He typed rhythmically, frowning like an angry sea otter. Sometimes he went to the kitchen and made a cocktail for himself. It kept him company.

The world was quiet.

Why? Why is this the Constellation Murderer’s trauma?

Even when I went to school the next morning, I still didn’t understand anything.

On the way to school, students in school uniforms passed by. I found all of them familiar, as if I had seen them somewhere before.

“Good morning, Sunbae!”

Some students even bowed politely as soon as they saw me. Their front buttons were undone loosely. They were wearing either too-tightened pants or shortened skirts. No matter how I looked, those students who bowed to me were delinquents[1].

Wait. They were the Heavenly Demon Cult followers.

“I hope you had a good sleep last night!”

“The Four Demon Kings?”

A middle school student who looked just like the Moonlight Demon King tilted his head. “Four Demon Kings? We are the Four Heavenly Kings[2] of the Shinseo Middle and High Schools, Sunbae.”

“The hell…”

The Four Demon Kings were bullies in this world? And I was the leader of these bullies? This meant that the boss of the bullies from this high school was dating the school president from a chaebol family. I was going to lose my mind.

“Hey, guys… Please go back to studying. No, actually, you don’t even have to do that. Just stop roaming around in a group to bully others.”

“We’re behaving these days just like you told us after you started dating the queen, Sunbae! Because of you, we can’t even ask anyone to get us some bread these days![3]“

“That’s not what I… Forget it. So you’re telling me you guys are the Four Heavenly Kings. And you call Raviel the queen[4]?”

“P-please stop talking to us like that, Sunbae. It’s scary, Sunbae!”

The danger of losing my mind persisted even after I entered the classroom.

“Attention, everyone. Good morning, Teacher!”

The Black Witch was the class president. Just by looking at her neat uniform, I could tell she was a model student.

“Morning. Class president, collect everyone’s phones.”

“Yes, Teacher!”

“Those who hide theirs will be dead meat. I’ll make sure of it. Understand?”

The Viper was my homeroom teacher. Crookedly leaning against the lecture podium, he was holding a cane. His appearance made it hard to tell whether he was a teacher or a gangster.

I’m going to lose my mind for sure.

The Black Witch walked around the classroom carrying a box. Students stored their phones there, either voluntarily or reluctantly. Those phones weren’t smartphones; they were flip or slider phones. When the Black Witch approached me, she just passed by me without saying anything.

Huh?

I looked around and found out that I was the only student the Black Witch had done that for. The Countess and the Paladin—surprisingly, both my classmates—obediently gave away their cell phones.

“Uhm… Hey… Class president?” I called out, even though I was unfamiliar with that title.

The Black Witch turned back, looking at me with her black eyes.

“What is it?”

“You didn’t take my cell phone away. Here.” I stood up and put my phone in the box.

I felt very uncomfortable talking so casually to the Black Witch, but it seemed I wasn’t the only one feeling uncomfortable. She also looked at me in surprise.

“So the beauty does change the beast, after all.”

“Huh?”

“Oh, it’s nothing. Please forget about it.” The Black Witch lightly shook her head and walked to the front row.

Standing by the podium, Teacher Viper cackled. “Wow. The day Kim Gong-Ja turns in his phone finally came. Guys, see? People don’t need to be nagged or whipped to be fixed. As long as there is love, humans can change on their own, so you should find your significant other once you go to university.”

The Paladin raised her hand. “Teacher, Kim Gong-Ja told me that he’s going to go to Seoul National University. He looked very serious.”

The Countess grinned. “Oh, that’s strange. He told me he was going to Oxford. He said that the school president is going to study abroad, so he’s going to follow her no matter what.”

“Hmm, so his safe option is Seoul National University, but he’s aiming for Oxford. Kim Gong-Ja indeed sees things differently than us, ordinary humans…”

The students giggled. It looked like the class mood makers were the Paladin and the Countess.

The Countess grinned. “Class president, be careful. You might lose your first place in the class.”

“You don’t need to worry about that,” the Black Witch responded curtly.

Even though they were all wearing school uniforms, they were still somewhat the people I knew, so the atmosphere was strange. Actually, I didn’t know everyone. In the back row, the student I had met on the rooftop stairs the day before was sitting by the window. He had his notebook open and was quietly writing something down.

He’s from my class.

A breeze blew in through the window, swaying the curtain. The student was so small that the curtain could hide him completely. It hid and unveiled him over and over again. The thin curtain was like a barrier that kept the student a few steps away from everyone else in the classroom.

Someone else came into the classroom. It was the Chemist.

“Oh, hello. Everyone… The first class is math… right?”

“Yes, Teacher.”

“Okay, then let’s start…”

It’s not even surprising anymore.

Yeah, what could be more surprising? The Four Demon Kings were the Four Heavenly Kings, and the Fire Emperor was my brother, Preta and Goldencup were also in the same idol group as him. The Chemist being the math teacher didn’t impress me in the slightest. Yes, it was certainly nothing…

The day went by in an instant.

“It’s Gong-Ja hyung!”

“Gong-Ja hyung! Let’s play together!”

As I left the school cafeteria at lunchtime, middle school kids came rushing in. They were the children I had seen at the Infernal Mansion on the tenth floor.

“You’ve been studying too much these days! Play with us!”

“Let’s play soccer! Soccer!”

These children had been tortured to death even though they hadn’t done anything wrong. Now they were middle school students smiling brightly at me. It left me breathless for a few seconds.

“Yeah, let’s play.”

I ran and played around with the kids on the campus. The high school and middle school were built next to each other. An old security guard was standing at the entrance to the school gate; it was Namgung Woon, the Murim Alliance Leader.

During the afternoon P.E. class, I saw elementary school students returning home outside the school gate. They were the apostles of the Immortal Happiness Preacher. The students walked across the ginkgo tree road, holding hands with their paired-up classmates.

I couldn’t understand what was going on. I really couldn’t. The last class ended, but I didn’t go back home. I just sat on a bench on campus and blankly watched the students leave.

Everyone is alive.

In this world, the Guardian wasn’t a ghost. He was alive. I couldn’t even imagine what kind of novel he was writing… but he was alive as a writer. Teacher and the children from the Infernal Mansion were also alive.

The Fire Emperor still had an awful personality, but he was also alive. He whined a lot and occasionally got scolded by his parents, but he was human. Even Preta and Goldencup were alive.

I saw some familiar faces among the students leaving the school earlier—Hunters who had attacked the Indoor Librarian and ended up eaten by a tentacle monster to be shown as an example. Even those Hunters whom I didn’t know were alive. They passed me by on their way home from school.

This is Lefanta Aegim’s trauma?

Wasn’t this a good life? It was a world filled with happy what-ifs. Which part of this world resembled hell?

“There you are, Gong-Ja.”

I turned my head. Raviel was standing there, smiling.

“Raviel…”

“You didn’t answer when I called you on your cell phone, so I was worried that something had happened. You shouldn’t make me worry unnecessarily.”

I quickly took out my phone and turned it on. School was over, so I had my phone back, but I had forgotten to turn it back on. “Ah, I’m sorry. I had a lot on my mind…”

“You look troubled. I wonder what could have shaken you like this. Though I hope that I’m the only one who can create a ripple in your heart…”

I tilted my head back a little, and Raviel lowered her head. With the bench’s back between us, the two of us shared a moment’s breath.

“Raviel.”

“Yes?”

“Do you know my parents’ names?”

Raviel blinked. “Of course.”

“Can you tell me?”

“Your mother’s name is Soh Baek-Hyang. And isn’t your father’s name ■■■?”

When Raviel said the Guardian’s name, I couldn’t hear anything. It sounded like static.

Ah.

Of course. I didn’t know the Guardian’s real name. If this was a dream, there was no way I would find out facts I didn’t know.

I knew it.

During the break time today, I peeked at the roll book on the lecture podium to see if I could find the real names of the Black Witch or Paladin. But…

Attendance number 1: Kim Gong-Ja

Attendance number 2: ■■■

Attendance number 3: ■■

Attendance number 4: ■■■

Attendance number 5: ■■■

Most of the names were unrecognizable, covered in black scribbles.

“Raviel, this will sound strange, but I’m anxious. You’re from a chaebol family, so there is no way you would actually spend your school days here with someone like me.”

“You’re scaring me. What are you talking about?”

“Maybe… Maybe this is all—”

My phone vibrated.

Text: 1

Sender: ■■

Premonition struck me.

“I’m sorry, Raviel. Please give me a moment.” I opened my phone. After a while, letters appeared on the screen, which was too small compared to that of a smartphone.

—You’re the ones who killed me. Don’t forget that you did this to me.

I froze. It felt like the temperature dropped drastically. The next moment…

“Aaaaaah!”

A piercing scream rang out at the schoolyard.

* * *

1. This is from Korea’s school uniform rules. The school had rules about what their uniforms should be like, so if they made alterations, it meant that they were rulebreakers. ☜

2. It was really a thing back in the past. The cooler titles students had, the bigger, more popular bullies they were. They aren’t actually called bullies. These delinquent bully students were called 일진(illjin). While bullying is in their nature, they were popular and had set trends before. They’re now just perceived as bullies. ☜

3. This is the most common example of Korean bullying. The bullies ask other students to buy them bread, snacks, or something else without giving them the money. ☜

4. The raw is 퀸카. It’s the mix of queen + card. It’s used to call the prettiest girl in school. The reason why card is used is unclear. ☜

Chapter 132

The Wasteland (2)

Students gathered in the schoolyard and pointed to a person standing on the rooftop.

“Look over there! Look!”

“W-what should we do? Should I go get one of the teachers?”

“What is he trying to do?”

“I don’t know. I think he’s going to jump!”

“Oh my god…”

“The hell? Someone call a teacher!”

“Over there! He’s over there!”

All of the students stopped what they were doing and gathered to watch. Whether they were playing soccer, strolling, or returning home a little late, everyone now had their eyes on the person on the roof. They instinctively felt that something that they could not handle was about to happen.

Unlike the others, Raviel chose to act instead of simply standing around.

“This isn’t good! Gong-Ja! Call 119[1]. Give them the school name and tell them a student is about to jump from the roof. Hurry! I’ll go up to the rooftop and try to persuade them not to jump!”

Raviel didn’t send anyone to call one of the teachers and take over the responsibility. Instead, she quickly dealt with the situation at hand herself. Without waiting for my answer, she hurriedly ran to the main school building.

While watching her, I could feel my frozen body thawing. I wasn’t sure what was happening, but there was no time to hesitate. I quickly dialed the emergency hotline on my cell phone. One… One…

Thud!

Just before I could press the number nine, something fell in the schoolyard. I initially thought the student had jumped, but the crash wasn’t loud enough for it to be a human. The student on the rooftop had simply thrown his cell phone away.

With my finger on number nine, I looked back up at the rooftop. Our eyes met. It was the student I had seen in the classroom—the one quietly sitting and studying alone in the back row by the window. For the first time, I could clearly see his face.

His eyes were black, and his cheeks were pale. The corners of his mouth rose into a sneer. His lips moved slowly. He was way too far away for me to hear him, but I could read his lips enough to make out what he was saying.

“Die.”

His short, rake-like fingers around the rooftop fence loosened, so the wind… he…

“■■■■■■■■!”

The students screamed, and the world exploded with noise.

“Fu■!”

Someone was yelling hysterically.

“■■Aaaaa■■■aah!”

Another student trembled, digging his fingernails into someone else’s sleeves.

“Teach■!”

“■er!”

“■gh.”

“■ insane!”

In just one second, the world turned upside down. The school disappeared. Its yard was replaced with a barren desert, and the main building was reduced to nothing more than an ugly prison. The classrooms turned to either slaughterhouses or breeding farms with animals that were always hungry for food.

In this world where people were slaughtered and bred, humans were only meant to become red corpses.

With the student lying dead on the ground, I blankly looked around the campus. The bricks were getting redder by the second. Afraid that the color would get on their toes, the students took a step back. Some took out their phones.

Click!

The sound of flashes going off made me approach the students.

“Don’t take pictures. What do you think you’re doing? Don’t take pictures! Stop!”

The students flinched in response, but more and more gathered. They left their soccer balls in the desert, the flowers on their trail walks, or the road that led to their homes.

“Don’t take pictures!”

When I stopped one student, another took out her phone.

“I told you to stop! Don’t fucking take pictures!”

Emotions I couldn’t name flowed back up my throat and made me feel like crying. I soon realized that they were anger, contempt, and disgust.

In the school’s main building, from the first floor to the fifth floor, students stuck their heads out and looked down. Countless eyes were watching the commotion.

“Stop!”

The sunset was red.

“Goddamn it. Don’t take pictures! Stop already!”

The people by the windows seemed expressionless. The Black Witch looked down from the first floor. The Inquisitor peeked out from the third floor. The Paladin, the Countess, and the Heavenly Demon Cult followers were in the schoolyard, while the children of the Infernal Mansion surrounded me.

Click! Click.

They moved their fingers and took pictures.

—You’re the ones who killed me. Don’t forget that you did this to me.

I looked up at the rooftop, finding Raviel looking down at me.

“You killed him, Gong-Ja.”

The world collapsed. When the student fell, he drenched the ground, the sky, and the people in crimson.

All I saw was red.

“As you already know, a tragedy happened at our school,” Principal Sword Star said in the auditorium. “But I believe in my Shinseo Middle and High School students…”

Red.

“Did you see the text message he sent? Isn’t that really crazy?”

Students who looked like the Countess and the Paladin whispered among themselves in the classroom.

“Yeah. Now that I think about it, he was always a bit strange.”

Red again.

My father drank whiskey at home. He looked and laughed like the Guardian. “I heard a lot of people are making a fuss about what happened, but don’t pay any attention to them. They don’t have the courage to say it to your face, so they’re just messing with you on the internet. Gosh, those guys should have all their fingers cut off.”

“Yeah, man. In life, you sometimes end up hurting people or worse. Why would he go kill himself over something like that? What an attention whore. Call the Four Heavenly Kings! Let’s go play a game together!” my brother, the Fire Emperor, said cheerfully, slinging an arm over my shoulder.

Red again.

“Yes, I’m very sad too. It’s so tragic,” Homeroom Teacher Viper said from the lecture podium. “This is a crucial time for you. When you become a senior, time will fly by, so you have to pretty much already decide on your university in your sophomore year. Think about what is important and keep your chins up.”

“Yes, Teacher,” the students answered in unison.

Only Class President Black Witch lowered her head in silence. A white flower was placed on the student’s desk. One day, two days, three days passed… In less than a week, the desk disappeared. I couldn’t tell who moved it. No student asked either. No new desk was brought to the window in the last row.

The wind blew, swaying the curtain. There was no one to be concealed by the curtain anymore.

[Repeating the trauma penalty.]

[The penalty’s intensity level is high.]

[The penalty’s theme is the Tiryagyoni Realm.]

Ding, ding, ding, ding.

A dreary, electronic noise rang out, disguised as a melody. It mimicked the one in reality. To desperately hide the fact that it was an imitation, it sounded more lively.

—This is an announcement from the broadcasting club to all students on campus.

However, an imitation could never take the place of the original.

—Please return home if you aren’t attending the night self-study session. There have recently been multiple reports of students remaining on campus even after school hours. Again, those who have not signed up for the night self-study session should return home.

“Sunbae, wake up! They’re telling us to go home!”

Feeling nauseated, I opened my eyes.

“Oh, you’re already awake.” The Inquisitor beamed. “But sleeping face down on your desk is bad for your health, especially for your back. More than anything, you can’t get a good night’s sleep like this. Midterm season is coming soon—”

Instead of waiting for the Inquisitor to finish, I stood up and ran out of the library. I could hear him shouting at me.

“Ah, sunbae! No running in the hallways!”

I gritted my teeth as I ran.

I get it now.

This was definitely the trauma of the Constellation Murderer, Lefanta Aegim. It was just that my memories had been overlaid on Lefanta Aegim’s nightmare like a veil.

I was in the same world that had been a nightmare for him to live in, surrounded by the same people who had killed him. However, the people’s appearances were based on my acquaintances, not the Constellation Murderer’s. That was why the Black Witch, the Paladin, and the Countess were students, and Teacher and the Guardian were my parents.

I could taste the blood in my mouth; I had bit the inside of my cheek too hard.

I’m the perpetrator. The role I was given is the main reason behind the trauma.

I had already witnessed many traumas so far, but each time I had been just an observer. Maybe because the penalty got stronger as my Hunter Class increased, I was now part of the trauma. It wasn’t just me, but everyone I knew was here… except for one person.

Shit!

I reached the stairs, finding outrageous slogans hanging on the walls.

—Positive Mental Attitude♪

—Have Fun In Life♪

—Keep Your Heart Happy♪

Stop with the bullshit. It’s not even funny.

I looked up at the stairs leading to the rooftop, finding the only person in this world I didn’t recognize.

Constellation Murderer…

He was small, almost like a child. Holding on to the metal door that was tightly shut, the student pulled the doorknob back and forth.

Clink, clank!

The chains around the door were so strong that they seemed difficult to break.

“Phew… The key…”

The student sighed and turned around. Our eyes met. He briefly paused and then bowed politely.

Why didn’t I realize it sooner?

I should have known something was off when I realized that kid was my classmate. It was obvious. Who would bow to another classmate? Something was seriously wrong.

After studying my face for a bit, the student quietly walked away. I stopped him when he was about to pass by me. “Wait.”

“Yes?” The student didn’t look directly at me but cautiously to the side. It looked like he was used to this.

I felt a lump in my throat. “Please give me your phone for a moment.”

My request was met with silence, so I repeated, “Please.”

The student obediently handed over his phone. There was a brief silence before he did, but it wasn’t out of resistance to my request. His silence was a question—why was I making a request so respectfully?

I opened the phone. It didn’t even have a password.

Unread messages: 47

I opened and read the messages one by one.

—I feel so sorry for the juniors at my school T.T Why? Because they need to call you sunbae. Have you thought about how they feel? How do you sleep at night?

—Hey, why aren’t you answering my messages?

—Shocking news! There is a student who doesn’t wash his school uniform!

—■■… You’re really dirty. How can you be dirtier than the math teacher? LOL. I didn’t think something like that was possible.

—LMAO. You really loved it when I said hi to you in the hallway yesterday. Hey! I only did that because I lost at rock-paper-scissors! Don’t delude yourself. T.T

—■■ lives in a garbage dump. All his school uniforms and indoor shoes are recycled. There is only one piece of trash that cannot be recycled, and that is ■■.

—You smell really bad. Seriously, you’re soooo gross.

—See you after class.

Unable to keep reading, I closed the phone and my eyes. I then tried to calm my breathing, but it was difficult. I didn’t have my dagger or Raviel’s handkerchief.

“Why…” I looked at the Constellation Murderer’s past self. “Why do you bring your phone to school? Stop bringing it.”

“You said you’ll kill me if I don’t,” he replied.

I felt a shiver run down my spine. Dizziness overtook me.

“Just throw it away, then. Throw it as far away as you can. If you say you lost it, no one can do anything about it.”

Quietly, the boy said, “You gave me this phone, Mr. Kim. It’s what you used a long time ago…”

I was rendered speechless.

“My family doesn’t have money, so you’re also paying the bill for it. In return, I have to come to you the moment you tell me to. That’s why you gave me the phone. You said you’ll kill me if I lose it again…”

The school building was now an eyesore to me. Friendship and love were not real. Nothing mattered, even though it seemed like it did.

“Can I really throw it away?”

In this prison guarded by masked people who pretended to be special, only malice wasn’t covered by a mask.

* * *

1. The number for Korean fire stations. ☜

Chapter 133

■■.(1)

The director of the orphanage where I had grown up was indifferent. This was both good and bad. The children at the orphanage had complained about it before.

“It’s all just a lick and a promise. All our birthdays are on January 1st.”

“He doesn’t want to have multiple birthday parties.”

“And what is wrong with my name? Seriously. Kim Maeng-Ja[1]?”

“Hey, your names at least sound natural, even with the surname Kim. But I’m Kim Hanbija[2]… He could have just named me Han Bi-Ja.”

That was also what I had always thought ever since I entered the Tower. But now that I had met the Guardian, Teacher, Raviel, and many others, I realized something. This might sound strange, but the director seemed to have always been wary of loving me and the other orphanage children too much.

I recalled the conversation I had with the director on the day I received my middle school uniform.

“Director, why are you like this? Do you not love us?”

When the director was asked a question, he became serious and asked me to give him a day. That was always his go-to response to a serious question.

“You asked me yesterday why I don’t love you a little more,” the director mentioned.

“Yes…”

After a day, I felt a bit sorry for even asking such a question. However, the director went on and gave me the answer he had put together over the day, as if he didn’t care how sorry I was.

“Gong-Ja, it’s easy for people to pretend to be something significant. That’s actually the easiest thing to do in the world. Pretending to be smart, strong, kind, or wise… You do that to your friends too, right? The same goes for me. I gave you all the names of wise scholars. Adults do that too.”

The director ran a hand down his face.

“Everyone wears a mask. There is no need to destroy that mask, but if you get too used to it, you forget at some point that you’re wearing it.”

He looked at my face, carefully observing me to see if I was following what he was saying.

“Just imagine this. If I show that I’m annoyed in front of you, what will you think?”

“Uh, that you’re stressed today…?”

The director smiled bitterly. “That’s right. Sorry. I do that sometimes.”

He did that about once a month.

“Anyway, the important thing is that sometimes I get annoyed in front of you guys. And you know that very well. You know what kind of person I am. You realize that, right? But what would happen if I always loved you? What would it be like if I always said ‘I love all of you’ and ‘You are the joy of my life?’ What if I even hug you and say, ‘There’s nothing I care more about than you?’ What would happen if I were that kind of person and only got annoyed in front of you about once a year?”

The director shook his head.

“Then you guys would not understand why I’m mad at you when that would inevitably happen. I’m supposed to be the person who loves you the most, so why would I be mad?”

“…”

“You are still young, so you can only think of the easiest answers. Something like ‘Ah, I must have done something wrong.’”

The director shuddered slightly.

“Gong-Ja, even if I only get annoyed once a year, that would be about ten times in ten years. Even if you only remember half of those moments, that’s still five times. It’s more than enough to shape a child’s personality.”

The director was silent for a while.

“Don’t pretend I’m someone I’m not,” the director said quietly. “Remember me as an easily stressed and irritable guy. Think of me as someone who doesn’t even bother to throw you a separate birthday party. That’s the truth. Don’t blame yourself. You didn’t do anything wrong. Don’t let a guy like me affect your life.”

“…”

“You can become strong, so become as strong as possible.”

In the director’s office, an A4 paper from a printer was hanging on the wall right across from his desk. It was just another one of those papers plastered on walls, so I never really paid too much attention to it. That time, however, it happened to catch my eye during the conversation.

The paper stated the following:

I work together with individuals, families, organizations, regional communities, and society because I believe in human dignity and social justice. Everyone should enjoy a humane life.

I always stand on the side of those who are alienated and suffering in order to protect their human rights and interests. I reject social injustice and put public interests ahead of my personal interests.

I hereby solemnly swear upon my honor and of my own free will that I will dedicate myself as a social welfare worker with morality and responsibility by complying with the social welfare workers’ code of ethics.

I looked at the director, who was lost in thought as he stared at nothing in particular without saying another word. His eyes were black.

Those eyes were still engraved in my mind.

* * *

“I’m sorry, Raviel. I can’t go out with you today,” I said after arriving at the school gate.

Raviel looked at me. Her gaze slowly traveled down, where my hand was interlocked with the Constellation Murderer’s. I had dragged him here. He didn’t ask why I was holding his hand or where I was taking him. He just quietly walked next to me with his head lowered.

“You sometimes show an incredible level of ability to take action, my dear. It’s a mystery, but I think this side of you is amazing,” Raviel said in a quiet voice. “Follow your heart. Is there anything I can do to help?”

“Not yet. But I’ll tell you right away if something happens.”

“I will always believe in you.” Raviel kissed my forehead. Immediately after that, she turned back and got into the limousine.

A butler who resembled the imperial chief steward drove the limousine away across the road.

“Okay then.” I looked back at the Constellation Murderer. “Let’s go.”

“Where?”

“To your house.”

It was the first time I saw the Constellation Murderer hesitate. At first glance, he looked like he was fed up with me, but I wasn’t going to change my mind. I planned to visit his parents first and give them an apology.

Though I don’t even know where to start unraveling the thread.

I knew apologizing wouldn’t solve this trauma. There was no way it could solve everything.

It seemed like the trauma itself had become a stage that had to be cleared because the intensity level was so high.

For now, let’s do what I can. I’ll take it step by step, like I always do.

However, my attempt to resolve the trauma was thwarted from the start.

“Here.”

I was speechless when I saw the place the Constellation Murderer guided me to. It was a garbage dump.

At the foot of the mountain, there was an empty lot surrounded by pine trees. That vacant lot was the city’s small trash can. Plastic bottles, dirty Styrofoam, and wads of paper the citizens had discarded were piled up messily. There was a shack in the middle of it.

—■■ lives in a garbage dump. All his school uniforms and indoor shoes are recycled.

I felt a headache creeping in when I remembered the text. I thought the sender had simply sent a mean text.

Bastards.

“What about your parents? Do they work?”

The shack wasn’t a home. It was simply a place to take refuge. The walls were too short to reach the roof, so there was a huge gap between them. The roof was covered with gray vinyl.

“My father collects and sells junk.”

Plastic waste surrounded the shack like moats. Unlike the other trash scattered in the lot, the plastic moats were clean and had torn labels.

Because of these moats, the shack seemed to be floating on the white plastic desert.

“What about your mother?”

“I don’t have one.”

“…”

After waiting for two hours, the Constellation Murderer’s father returned home. He was a poor man. However, life weighed him down more than poverty did. I could tell as soon as I saw him. When I used to live in a small studio, I sometimes looked in the mirror. I remember looking like him.

“Is this your friend, ■■?”

“No, I’m not his friend,” I answered.

“Hmm…?”

The old man narrowed his eyes. He looked very old for someone who had a high schooler son. He resembled the old boatman whose trauma I glimpsed while I had been in the Heavenly Demon Chronicle.

“I only hurt and bully him.”

The old man blinked at me, no emotion behind his eyes.

It had only been a minute since I started the conversation, but I realized it was too late to try to solve things. The old man in front of me was already too worn out and had nothing left in his heart to care about, unlike me when I used to live in a studio.

That was the difference between me and this man, but it was unclear where the difference came from. The one certain thing right now was that this man didn’t have the power to protect the Constellation Murderer.

“Here is the proof. If you look at the phone, you’ll see texts. If you look at this…” I showed everything I could.

The old man blinked at the sight of the hell that his child had been enduring. He stared at me. “I see…”

That was it. As soon as I finished talking, the old man stopped replying. It was as if the entire conversation came to an end. He just waited to see if I had anything more to say, and if not, he still did nothing. He seemed to have nothing to say to me.

I looked at the Constellation Murderer. He wasn’t looking at his father. He didn’t seem shocked or insulted by the conversation just now. Looking expressionless, he was just sitting quietly on the floor, as if everything happening right now was natural.

Yes, this was natural to him.

I stood up and bowed toward the old man. “I’m sorry for barging into your home like this. If it’s okay with you, I’d like to invite your son to stay at my house for a while. Would that be okay?”

“Sure…”

It was clear that the old man didn’t understand what I had just said. He was helpless. However, I explained it several times, for the sake of the Constellation Murderer.

“It may be a long stay. A week, a month. Maybe it will be longer than that. I will visit you every Saturday evening to tell you how your son is doing. Would that be okay, sir?”

“Yes, go ahead.”

Good. I looked back at the Constellation Murderer. “Let’s go.”

“…”

“Take what you need. Like I told your father, you’ll stay at my house for a while.”

“What are you doing?” The Constellation Murderer looked up at me. His voice was far from careful or polite. “Are you trying to get a clean slate now that you’re going to marry a rich girl? Because you’re scared that you’ll have problems later? You’re smart.”

My stomach churned.

“Or is this also a new game you’re playing with me? If that’s the case, just spit it out already. Tell me the rules. Don’t bother with all this charade. I’ll play your game. Shall I go to the schoolyard at night?”

The Constellation Murderer’s voice was monotonous. This was the voice of someone who was a day away from choosing to fall to his death.

“I’m sorry.”

“You are out of your mind.”

“Please give me one day. Please. I’ll do anything. Please bear one more day.”

For me, this was one of the many days of my life, but it was the last for the boy in front of me. I couldn’t help but wish, pray, and desperately ask him to stay strong for one more day.

“Do as you wish,” the Constellation Murderer muttered with fatigue.

Holding onto his wrist, I headed home. I had to go back to school because I didn’t know the way to go home from where I was. We arrived only after the sunset had set and the sky was dark.

“Please wait here for a moment.”

“…”

“I’ll be back within twenty minutes. Can you please wait for that long?”

“I told you to do whatever you want…”

I left the Constellation Murderer on the side of the road and headed inside the house.

The Guardian was out in the yard. It looked like he was watching the night sky with a glass of whiskey next to him.

“Hey, son. You’re a little late today. Haha. You aren’t late because you were enjoying your date too much, are you? I’m telling you just in case. Start dating seriously after you graduate from high school. Nothing good will come out from a relationship if you step on the accelerator pedal too hard.”

The Sword Emperor was my partner and the person who had taught me that the future was worth looking forward to. In this world, he was my…

“…Father.”

“Huh?” The Guardian blinked. “Oh, something feels off. But what…? It’s a little strange that you call me father. It’s not just strange. It’s very… awkward. It’s so awkward that I feel like I will die from goosebumps. Is it because I’m tipsy?”

I called out to him again. “Father, there is no way you raised me like this.”

“What?”

“The father I know is a great person. Scary, too. Although you are like a self-absorbed psychopath in some aspects, you don’t compromise on what you think is wrong.”

The Guardian frowned. “What are you talking about, son…?”

“If you were my father, I would never grow up to be a bully. I may go astray from time to time, but, before I go completely off the rails, you’ll drag me back on the right path even if it means beating me until I’m almost dead.”

That was who he was.

“I bullied a weaker kid and… drove him to commit suicide.”

“I heard a lot of people making a fuss about what happened, but don’t pay any attention to them. They don’t have the courage to say it to your face, so they’re just messing with you on the internet. Gosh, those guys should have all their fingers cut off.”

“There’s no way you would say something like that. You vowed to teach me how to be happy when I was suffering. You simply aren’t capable of talking like that. “

“…”

“I’m the type of person you despise the most, so calling me your son that affectionately is impossible. This whole world is impossible.”

The night was silent. I couldn’t hear a single insect in the yard.

I looked straight at the Guardian and said, “You aren’t the Sword Emperor.”

“…”

“Get lost right now.”

After I said that, the Guardian collapsed.

—■■■■■.

His skin, bones… Everything that made up the Guardian melted and disappeared. When I closed my eyes and opened them again, an unrecognizable, limp shadow was standing there like a ghost.

—■■■■, ■■……

I couldn’t understand what it was saying, nor could I recognize its face. However, I knew that was the bare face of my father in this world.

I passed by the Guardian and entered the house. Teacher was sitting on the living room sofa, smiling softly. I never thought I would see her like that.

“Welcome, Gong-Ja. How was school today, my son?”

* * *

1. The Korean name for Mencius. ☜

2. The Korean name for Han Fei. But the speaker also hates it because a three-syllable first name is considered old-fashioned nowadays ☜

Chapter 134

■■.(2)

“Teach…” I couldn’t finish my sentence.

My heart was pounding. In a split second, numerous emotions mixed together, turning my heart into a rag. If I squeezed it hard enough, all of my dark emotions would come out.

Teacher. I was fortunate to meet my peony who had become my teacher.

“Mother.”

Teacher looked at me. Her always serene eyes were trembling. It was the first time I called her Mother, and her first time being called that, too.

Teacher put down her stubby pencil. “…This is odd.”

It seemed that she was in the middle of her writing. Manuscripts with Teacher’s handwriting were scattered on the living room table.

“I don’t know how long it’s been since you called me that.”

She would never get to finish her story now. Some words simply couldn’t become sentences. Red manuscript papers filled with discarded paragraphs were lying on the table.

“It’s been ages since I heard you call me Mother. No, ages isn’t the right word. It’s as if…”

“I love you, Mother.”

Teacher stopped moving her fingertips.

“I wanted to see you again,” I said. “You see, I found someone to love for the rest of my life. Turns out that it’s possible to truly love someone and be loved in return. I… wanted to hold Raviel’s hand and introduce her to you before anyone else, Mother.”

“…”

“You and Raviel would have gotten along well. I’m sure of it. I’m… I’m alive and well. I am living well. I’m trying to live well. There are many days when I think about what you told me, Mother.”

Teacher.

“I wanted to see you again.”

Teacher slowly stood up and came to me. Her thin, long fingers wiped the corners of my eyes. “Did you have a nightmare?”

“I’m having a nightmare right now.”

“Life is no different from a dream, but it doesn’t change anything. If you say malice is cold, that doesn’t make it good. Will the wounds heal if you excuse your faults as a result of ignorance? My son, don’t let words fool you. You always have to look in your heart. Do not entrust it to empty words and shallow sentences.”

Teacher put her arms around my shoulders.

“Whether you call me mother or not, I shall remain in your heart as myself, just like you remain in mine. What makes us human isn’t simply being able to memorize a few words or recite a couple of sentences, but the connections we make with the ones who have made their way in our hearts.”

I was small, so Teacher could embrace me completely in her arms. My mouth opened and closed several times before I finally managed to say, “Yoo Soo-Ha… There’s no way you would have raised your child like that, Mother.”

“Yes.”

“He throws punches just because he gets angry… You wouldn’t invite someone like that to the dinner table. You would have kicked him out of the house before that. No, you would have reformed him before kicking him out. Actually, he would have grown up to be a good person because he had you.”

“I see.”

I continued, “So… you aren’t actually Soh Baek-Hyang.”

Teacher smiled. “Live your life, Gong-Ja. Be strong.”

The arms around my shoulder were gone. The smile on her face lasted until the last moment. She collapsed, leaving behind only a shadow of her former self.

—■, ■■■ ■■■.

The shadow had no face, but a blurry outline. It went back to its spot in the living room like a giant earthworm.

That was the bare face of my mother. Another layer of the world had been peeled off.

“Ugh.”

I ran to the bathroom, embraced the toilet seat and lowered my head. The feelings of loss and guilt made the black water of emotions flow back up in my throat, so I vomited out my heart.

I heard a voice coming from behind the bathroom door. “Hey, did you get food poisoning or something? Why do you throw up as soon as you get home? Dude, it looks like you bought some awful food again. I told you that nothing else matters in life other than eating delicious food. You should have listened to your big brother. Anyhow, do you want me to help you stand up?”

“Yoo Soo-Ha.”

“What the heck? Did you also vomit up your brain? Little brother, I sense some defiance here.[1]“

I sat down on the bathroom tiles and looked up at Yoo Soo-Ha. He was standing at the door, chewing on a dry squid leg.[2] “You fucking bastard…”

“You didn’t just vomit your brain. You poured it all out. Hey, in life, you end up hurting people from time to time! Yeah, I also panicked a little because of the news yesterday. Mom and Dad gave me an earful for it too. Still, we’re a family, so we have to support each other, right?”

“You crazy bastard…” I muttered, holding the toilet bowl. “You’re a fucking piece of shit.”

“Hah?”

“If you just hit your stalker, I would have called you an angel. But you’re the bastard who would hit the back of your stalker’s head to death, bury them under a mountain, and then start a fire.”

“What…? That’s psychotic behavior. Is that what you think of me?”

“You are a psychopath, you son of a bitch!” I felt dizzy. “An idol singer? Do you think you could ever have a job like that? You don’t know anything about fan service. Cursing in every interview is normal for you. And cursing someone else’s parents is a bonus. There is no way you can become an idol singer. Don’t be ridiculous.”

“Uh…”

“You say Mother and Father scolded you? Do you seriously think you would let others scold you? It’s actually fortunate you didn’t slap your parents on the cheeks. Shit! Fuck…! Yoo Soo-Ha, you’re definitely not the type of guy who would help your younger brother stand up after he throws up. You just aren’t. If you were at least that kind of guy…” I glared at him. “…I wouldn’t have killed you.”

“…”

“I wouldn’t have killed you, you son of a bitch. I wouldn’t have. If only you could do at least that much… Just to kill you, I…”

No, to not kill him, I…

“…I did some things you would not be able to think of, but you…”

I sometimes had a dream.

“H-hey, Mr. Hunter!” I said. “Please help me…!”

“Huh?” Yoo Soo-Ha looked at me.

“I got attacked by the wolves… Oof. Please help me. Do you have a potion you can spare…?”

“Ah, shit. What? You already messed with the monsters in this area? Fuck, I won’t be able to hunt anything today.”

“P-please… Do you have any potions—”

Yoo Soo-Ha clicked his tongue but still gave me a potion. “Ah, be careful next time. Fuck. It looks like I won’t get anything done today.”

Other times, I had another dream.

“How much are you going to give me for my potion, Mister? If I leave you, you’ll die, mister. “

“F-forty gold…”

“Just give me everything you have right now.”

So I gave him everything I had.

Yoo Soo-Ha handed me a potion.”Good. Be careful next time, Mister.”

In those dreams, the Yoo Soo-Ha from eleven years ago was still the same greedy bastard, but he didn’t hurt the weak. After all, he had once been my hero, so I didn’t have to kill him. I had those dreams only from time to time, but I… I…

“You son of a bitch…”

Yoo Soo-Ha’s black hair swayed.

“Get lost. Your place is in my shadow. If you’re thinking of moving your address to this kind of hell and getting a clean slate, give it up already,” I growled.

His black hair collapsed.

—■■, ■■ ■■■.

My older brother turned into a specter and spoke in a gloomy voice. Yes, he was now a specter. It didn’t even get to be an ordinary ghost and simply stopped existing in this world of trauma. Now that all my family members had stopped looking like people from my memories, they were nothing but mere shadows.

I washed my face in the sink. Tap water dripped from my eyebrows.

“Okay.”

Only my mutterings echoed in the haunted house.

“It’s okay. You can do it. Kim Gong-Ja, you can do it.”

This wasn’t my home or my world. It was just that the man whose life I wanted to take was trapped in this hell.

I left the house and brought back the Constellation Murderer.

“Ah…”

The Constellation Murderer didn’t seem to perceive the specters as their true selves. In his eyes, they seemed to be my father, mother, and older brother.

No, maybe it was the other way around.

—■■■?

—■■ ■■■.

From the beginning, my father, mother, and older brother may have seemed like specters in the Constellation Murderer’s eyes. To him, the humans of this world may have been no different from specters. So, all the sounds humans made would have been nothing more than noise to the Constellation Murderer’s ears.

“Hello…”

“Don’t,” I said firmly. “You don’t have to be polite.”

I grabbed the Constellation Murderer’s wrist and entered my room. He didn’t get to finish saying hello.

—■, ■■■ ■■■.

My older brother, who had the face of Yoo Soo-Ha just a moment ago, tried to follow us into my room. I pushed him away, stopping him from entering the room.

“Don’t come in. I’m warning you.”

—■■■?

“I’ll take care of this kid by myself for the time being, so I don’t need anyone else. Unless he gives you permission, don’t come in or talk to him.”

I closed the door and locked it.

—■■. ■■■?

The specters kept muttering outside the door. I ignored them and prepared the bed for the Constellation Murderer. He stared at me, still carrying the bag he had been holding since school ended.

He asked, “Can you talk like that to your family?”

“It depends on what kind of family it is. To you, they’re your bully’s family.”

“Stop acting like this. It’s strange and unpleasant. I really have no idea what game you’re trying to pull here to go this far.”

“You can think so if you want. Just get some rest.”
