	SSS-Class Revival Hunter

	– SSS급 죽어야 사는 헌터 –

	- VOLUME 1 -

	-AUTHOR-

	Sinnoa

	[ WUXIAWORLD ]

	– STORY –

	I am dying to have a Class S Skill!

	[You have received a Class S Skill.]

	[However, you will die if you use the Skill.]

	…I didn’t mean it literally.

	– GENRE –

	Action Adventure Comedy Fantasy Martial Arts Shounen Tragedy

Chapter 1

Legendary Jealousy

	「Breaking news! The Black Dragon Guild confidently declared that they’d clear the Tower’s fortieth floor and show everyone the skill of one of the best guilds in the world. Unfortunately, Black Dragons ended up coming back without any achievements once again. Yet the Fire Emperor, the number one ranked Hunter, has singlehandedly taken down another boss monster!」

	I blankly watched the television, envious of the man on the screen. I was so jealous of him that I felt like I was going to go nuts.

	「Hello, Mr. Fire Emperor!」

	「Ah, yeah. Hi… 」 The man on the screen frowned slightly.

	Somehow, even his furrowed brow looked cool.

	「You set a new record once again! And I must say, you’re the only Hunter who’s made this many feats on your own. How do you feel about it?」

	「First of all, I want you to stop calling me that shitty name.」

	「I’m sorry?」

	「I’m talking about you people calling me “Fire Emperor”. I have a name, you know. What’s with that bullshit nickname? I’d honestly prefer Fucker to that cringe-ass name. I swear I’m going to hunt down the bastard who came up with that someday and bury him alive.」

	「U-umm… 」 The anchor stammered perplexedly, but he couldn’t say anything to the man. After all, the man was the star of this era and his exploits were the stuff of legends.

	In contrast, I was an extra who didn’t even have a name for myself.

	“Ah…” I muttered. “I really envy him.”

	How good would it feel to be able to say anything I wanted, even on television? I picked up my smartphone and got on an online community about Hunters, wondering how people would react to the Fire Emperor’s interview. As expected, the online communities were already engaged in a fiery dispute as they watched the interview.

	—Guys, the Fire Emperor is talking shit again!

	—The fire emperor is fire-emperoring again lol

	—Would it kill him to watch his words? The whole world is watching this interview

	└not like it’s his first time doing this

	└^This. TBH it’s the media’s fault. Everyone knows what kind of a person he is.

	└True dat… The anchor is doing it on purpose to boost their ratings

	└lmao the Fucker’s fanatics are here too gross

	└I want to become like the Fire Emperor.

	The online communities couldn’t have been more clearly divided.

	—Mr. Fire Emperor, I hope you will improve your character and become a Hunter who can represent Korea with both your exemplary personality and skills. As a fellow Korean, I shamed whenever a translated version of your interview goes viral on the internet…

	└It’s “I am ashamed,” not “I shamed.” Why don’t you worry about your grammar skills in your mother tongue before you worry about foreigners? Besides, nationality doesn’t matter in the Tower.

	└Yet you’re fine with your master swearing in Korean. Don’t embarrass yourself here, Fire Emperor.[1]

	└I’m just pointing out their grammar, so why are you insulting me? Get a life.

	└Hmph. You’re the one that needs to get a life.

	└I want to become like Fire Emperor.

	It was chaos. In fact, every online community that was even slightly related to Hunters went crazy.

	—WTF?! The Fucker has a girlfriend now! He’s dating the Saintess!

	└The Saintess? Seriously?

	└my friend is a Hunter and he saw the fire emperor and saintess hanging out together.

	└I’m actually friends with the Saintess. She told me they aren’t.

	└I want to become like the Fire Emperor.

	Some communities were busy talking about who the Fire Emperor was dating. Whoever wrote the post kindly attached a photo, which they claimed was the best photo of the Saintess’s life. Just like the Fire Emperor, the Saintess was one of the most famous Hunters in the world. She was known for her angelic personality as well as her beauty—and this post was saying that the Fire Emperor was dating her.

	In the end, I had to put down my smartphone and bury my head between my knees.

	“Arghh…”

	—I want to become like the Fire Emperor.

	I was the one who wrote that comment on the post I had just read. It was my habit to leave those comments on any kind of online post I ran into. People might ask me why I would always make the same comment every time.

	“I envy him! I envy him so much! I want to be cool and famous too!”

	The reason was that I deeply envied him—but the only reason I could be this candid was that I lived in this studio on my own. If people got a look at my walls, their jaws would drop because the walls were entirely covered with newspaper and magazine clippings about the Fire Emperor, the world’s Rank 1 Hunter.

	“The Fire Emperor has cleared the thirty-ninth floor on his own!”

	“The Fire Emperor has created another legend by singlehandedly clearing the thirty-eighth floor!”

	“Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, has officially become the first Korean to earn the highest place in the Hunter Ranking.”

	…

	“With the disappearance of the Sword Star, the seat of the world’s Rank 1 Hunter is empty. Who shall inherit his seat?”

	“All foreign experts unanimously agree that the most likely candidate is Yoo Soo-Ha from Korea.”

	“The unassailable tenth floor has been cleared. Who is this mysterious hero?”

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	Some of the newspaper and magazine clips covering my walls were brand new, but others were tinged yellow with age, reflecting the range of dates they canvassed; from the most recent to over a decade old. It was the Fire Emperor’s history itself—no, the history beginning even before Yoo Soo-Ha earned the title of Fire Emperor.

	Ah… I want to be successful like the Fire Emperor… I wish I could thrive in life so that other people would envy me instead. When I’m successful, I’ll be able to teach those people a lesson for looking down on me. After that, I’ll forgive them and pat them on the shoulders and telling them to be kind to others from now on. I want people to think I’m a big-hearted man…

	Yes, I was jealous of the hero on the screen.

	「Mr. Fire Emperor.」

	「For god’s sake. Didn’t I tell you to call me by my real name, not “Fire Emperor”? I thought you media jackals’ brains went rotten because of your tabloid shit, but I guess they rotted your ears, too?」

	「I-I’m sorry. But before we finish the interview, can you say something to our viewers out there?」

	The Fire Emperor scratched the back of his head in annoyance. 「Phew. What am I supposed to say?」

	「Many aspiring Hunters look up to you and try to follow in your footsteps, Mr. Fire Emperor. You entered the Tower in your early twenties, but you Awakened right away! Less than a month after your Awakening, you killed a boss monster! You’re writing legends as Yoo Soo-Ha the Fire Emperor! So can you give all the aspiring Hunters out there one piece of advice?」

	「I’m sure that if they can succeed with just one piece of advice from me, then they never needed it to begin with.」 The Fire Emperor chuckled dryly.

	「Still, can you give them one?」

	「Ha… you people from the media are seriously… Tsk. Fine, but I’ll make it short.」 The Fire Emperor scratched the back of his head irately, his black ponytail swaying from side to side. He glared straight into the camera. 「Those who are destined to succeed will be successful no matter what. But don’t get cocky with me even if you do. I’ll crush you.」

	「Pardon?」

	「That’s it. I have nothing else to say, so don’t follow me.」 The Fire Emperor just stood up from his seat and walked away from the camera, unceremoniously ending the interview.

	「Mr. Fire Emperor! Mr. Fire Emperor! What is that supposed to mean?!」the anchor shouted after him, bewildered.

	The anchor was completely ignored.

	I blankly stared at the Fire Emperor’s back and let out a sigh. I was angry. The anchor was the one who was insulted, but for some reason, it felt like the Fire Emperor had disrespected me. It made me furious.

	“Only if I had one decent Skill…” I trailed off.

	The reality was, I was just a lowly Class F Hunter, and my life was far from successful. My interview wouldn’t go viral in real-time, and no one cared about my private life. The last thing that was going to happen in my life was me becoming rich and successful with my own abilities…

	“I want to win in life… I wish I had a Class S Skill… Arghhh… I just want to be successful even if I don’t get to be rich. How cool would it be to have the Fire Emperor’s Skills…?”

	If anyone saw me right now, they would think I was crazy for voicing my wildest fantasies aloud—but again, the only reason I could do it was that I was living alone in my studio. I relieved my stress by talking to myself when no one was around. I knew it was absolutely pathetic, but who cared? It was better than going outside and screaming into people’s ears. No one was listening anyway.

	“…Huh?”

	It looked like I was wrong. A golden light appeared in front of me as if someone had heard me.

	“C-can it be…?”

	The only time I saw this kind of light was in videos online; it signified the moment a Hunter Awakened a Skill. I had pressed the play button thousands of times every morning after I woke up, letting my jealousy consume me.

	“It’s golden!”

	The golden light indicated that the Skill was Class S or higher! My heart pounded so hard that it hurt. Before long, the golden light pool coalesced.

	[It would be extremely difficult to find something as ugly as your jealousy!]

	[The Tower, appalled by your ugly jealousy, has decided to get you a Skill and be done with it!]

	Huh? The voice is a little different from what I heard about…

	It was said that when a Hunter received a Skill, they usually heard a majestic voice lavishing them with praise. It varied from “The Tower is touched by your resolve,” or “The Tower has rewarded your upright yet challenging cultivation,” or “The Tower compliments your accomplishments.”

	But the voice I heard just now was telling me that my ugly jealousy was what made the Tower toss me a Skill. It was like the Tower was throwing a coin to a beggar, hoping to get rid of him.

	N-no. It doesn’t matter. I got a Class S Skill.

	I had an uneasy premonition, but I ignored it. I had been waiting for this moment forever, so I shouldn’t jinx it.

	[Creating a Skill Card.]

	The golden light flashed and turned into a card of the same color. I grabbed the card with shaking hands.

	I Want To Be Like You

	Class: S+

	Effects: It will automatically activate after an enemy kills you. You will be able to copy and turn one of their Skills into yours. The Skill you copy will be chosen at random, but you can’t copy your enemies’ Skills more than once.

	※ However, you will die!

	“Whoaa! W-wh-whoa… Huh?” My voice died out. I blinked. “Huhhh?”

	At first, I thought I misread something, so I slowly reread the description on the card from top to bottom. However, it really said that I was going to die after using this Class S Skill, so the only thing I could do was stare blankly at it.

	A breeze entered through my window, fluttering the newspaper and magazine clips that covered my walls.

	“What the fuck! How am I supposed to use this Skill!”

	After a long silence, my scream rattled my studio. No one in history has ever gotten a shittier Skill than the one I got today.

* * *

	1. The raw is 추하다, 염제야. This is a Korean meme. People are embarrassed to reveal their real identities and defend themselves, so they pretend to be a third party. But they often get caught, so Koreans jokingly say this when an advocate defends someone in a rather awkward way. ☜

Chapter 2

But you will die (1)

	Skills, which made many Hunters fall on their knees in despair, were acquired on a myriad of occasions.

	“I hit training dummies ten thousand times and automatically got one.”

	“I heard God’s voice one day!”

	“You want to know how I used that magic spell just now? I don’t know. I’ve been able to do it since I entered the Tower.”

	Some Hunters couldn’t escape poverty due to their lack of gifts, even though they were kind-hearted and tenacious. On the other hand, there were Hunters who made a decent living despite their ill temper. A prime example of the latter would be the Fire Emperor, the number one Hunter in the official ranking.

	If people’s lives were games, the Fire Emperor’s would earn the Game of the Year award. He would be able to get anything he wanted in his game. Meanwhile, my life was… just a second-rate gacha.

	Most people would think that the moment of greatest despair during gacha was if they never got Five Star items or characters, no matter how many times they tried. However, anyone who paid money to get more gacha pulls would know better… True despair was when they acquired the most useless Five-Star items or characters out there.

	My Five-Star Skill was worse than most One-Star gacha pulls.

	I Want To Be Like You

	Class: S+

	Effect: It will automatically activate after an enemy kills you. You will be able to copy and turn one of their Skills into yours. The Skill you copy will be chosen at random, but you can’t copy your enemies’ Skills more than once.

	※ However, you will die!

	“Ha. Shit…”

	Yes, my life was a second-rate gacha. Once Hunters acquired a Skill, they were supposed to visit the Hunter Management Bureau and report it, but I didn’t. My Skill wasn’t even fair, so I didn’t want to embarass myself too.

	“Hello, Mr. Hunter. How did you acquire your Skill?”

	“It was because I envy the world’s Rank 1 Hunter.”

	“Sorry?”

	“I yelled that I was going to go crazy because I envy him so much, and the Tower tossed me a Skill Card. Haha. You know, the Tower also told me that they never saw something as ugly as my jealousy.”

	I couldn’t tell them that! Instead, I ended up drinking like there was no tomorrow and left the pub, wandering and staggering for who knew how long. I wound up in a deserted alley and couldn’t hold it any longer and vomited.

	“Blarghhhhhh!” I wiped my mouth. “If I was going to be unlucky… I shouldn’t have been lucky at all. “

	…But where am I?

	I wasn’t even good at finding the right place to vomit. Where was I? I had never been to this alley. How did I end up here? I remembered nothing. Would I have to sleep on the ground tonight?

	Ah, I want to cry. I held back my tears.

	“—go! Ah! Why would you suddenly do this…!”

	Just then, I heard a faint scream from further inside the alley. My head cleared up right away. The scream was too vivid for me to have hallucinated because of the makgeolli I had. Although I wasn’t sure who it was, they were definitely screaming because their life was in danger.

	What’s going on? I carefully picked my way down the alley and took shallow breaths to be as stealthy as possible.

	One step after another, I made my way toward the source of the scream. The voice became clearer as I approached.

	“M-Mr. Fire Emperor, why are you doing—”

	“…It’s useless. No one is around…”

	And that was my second stupid mistake for the day. I should have run as soon as I heard the scream. Of course… my first mistake was to drink until I pickled my brain, but that was because I had never gotten drunk in my entire life before today. Infuriated by the fact that I had a Class S shit, I had gulped down makgeolli as if it were water.

	“I poisoned your glass.”

	“Po-poison? I already told you, I don’t understand what you are talking about, Mr. Fire Emperor.”

	“Wow, you’re a great actress. If anyone saw you right now, they would buy it instantly.”

	A couple was standing deep in a dead-end alley without a single street light shining on them. Perhaps “standing” was an understatement, because the man was threatening the woman.

	“I used Basilisk Acid. It’s the same poison you used in my glass before.” The man leaned closer to the woman. “ I gotta hand it to you. I would have been in real trouble if it wasn’t for my Skill. Hmm? What’s wrong? You look pale now, Miss Saintess.”

	“Impervious Body…? N-no way. You don’t have that Skill.”

	“I don’t.” The man’s laughter quietly echoed down the alley. “But I happen to have a slightly better Skill than Impervious Body.”

	That was when I recognized the man. Even though the alley was pitch dark, there was no way I wouldn’t remember his ponytail after seeing him walking away in the TV interview last night.

	It’s really the Fire Emperor!

	He was the officially recognized number one Hunter in the ranking compiled by the Hunter Management Bureau, the star of this era, and the idol of everyone. That was why everyone was envious of him, especially me.

	…And she’s the Saintess!

	I covered my mouth so they wouldn’t hear me breathing.

	The Saintess was a Rank 9 Hunter and was currently rumored to be dating the Fire Emperor. I had only seen her beauty from videos and photos online. Yet here she was, being threatened.

	“But I’ve had enough of this game. You have to pay the price for messing with me.”

	“H-hold on, Mr. Fire Emperor. You’re misunderstanding something— The only thing I want to do is clear the Tower together!”

	“That’s what I thought, but I was wrong.”

	“Please stop and think about it! If you and I work together, we can not only clear the fortieth floor, we can clear the fiftieth floor within a year! Yes! No human ever managed to clear the fiftieth floor, but we can!”

	“I thought so too, but we probably won’t,” the Fire Emperor scoffed.

	My jaw dropped to the ground. They… aren’t dating each other?

	Two heroes in love—that was what people on the internet and the media said about them, but there was nothing romantic about this. In fact, a lover’s quarrel was the last word I would use right now.

	The Fire Emperor’s voice dripped with murder. In my eyes, this conversation was between people who were about to kill and be killed.

	“Let’s talk it out, please! I’m sure we can sort out this misunderstanding.”

	“Talk? Ah, yes. I like talking. It’s what gentlemen do.” The Fire Emperor grabbed the Saintess by the neck.

	The Saintess moaned in pain.

	“But I make the rules.”

	She gasped and writhed. His grip must have been suffocating. The more she struggled, the more suffocated I felt too.

	Oh, no. Oh my god.

	It should never have happened, but it was happening right in front of me.

	“I ask questions. The only thing you have to do is answer. You don’t need to answer out loud. If I guessed correctly, you nod. Otherwise, you can shake your head. It’s simple, right?” the Fire Emperor demanded.

	The Saintess desperately gasped for air.

	“I’ll spare you if you cooperate. You know what? I’ll even give you the antidote as a bonus, but if you choose to turn down my generous offer… Well, you don’t need me to explain, right? I heard you’re from Oxford University. Put your smart brain to work.”

	The Saintess desperately hit the Fire Emperor’s arm to escape from his grip, but it didn’t affect him one bit. After all, the Saintess was a Healer, so even though she was a renowned Hunter, it was impossible to physically overpower the Fire Emperor.

	“Actually, I only have one question for you.”

	The Saintess struggled harder.

	“Who ordered you to kill me? Was it the witch from the Black Dragon Guild?”

	The Saintess’s resistance immediately stopped.

	“Think carefully before you answer. I may not have Impervious Body, but I do have a lie-detecting Skill. I’ll cremate you right here if I catch you trying any fuckery with me.”

	It seemed the Saintess hesitated a bit. The alley was dark, so I couldn’t get a good look at her face—still, I could tell she went quiet before she slowly nodded to the Fire Emperor.

	“I knew it.” The Fire Emperor chuckled. “Goodbye, Isabel the Saintess.”

	The fire he started reached the Saintess’s neck first. She desperately thrashed as she was slowly engulfed by the fire, but the Fire Emperor didn’t even budge. He watched the Saintess burn with an expressionless face.

	“Hmm…” The Fire Emperor was nonchalant even in the blazing fire.

	It eventually devoured the entire end of the alley, but he never let go of the Saintess. She clawed at his arm, but in the end, she gave up and reached for the night sky…

	Her arms soon drooped, and she no longer moved.

	The fuck…! I shut my eyes.

	A hero died right in front of me. Perhaps that wasn’t an accurate description: Yes, the Saintess was murdered by another hero of the people, the Fire Emperor.

	He’s insane.

	The Saintess was already a lump of charcoal now, but the fire didn’t die out because the Fire Emperor chose not to let it. He burned her flesh and bones until they turned into a pile of ashes, and yet he never even batted an eye.

	He’s not in his right mind. I stumbled backward. I should run away right now.

	And then I made the third and last mistake of the day.

	Crack.

	It was very faint. It wasn’t even from a can. I stepped on a glass fragment. Maybe it was from someone’s soju bottle or it got carried here by a breeze… I didn’t know why it was there.

	“…Hmm.” The Fire Emperor turned his head.

	Although I didn’t have to know why the glass fragment was here, there were two facts that I couldn’t ignore: I had just made a foolish mistake, and the Fire Emperor was a predator who would never miss someone else’s mistake.

	“I thought I dealt with all the rats nearby, but I must have missed one.”

	The moment I met the Fire Emperor’s eyes, I squealed and ran away without looking back. His eyes belonged to a killer. He was a devil who had killed dozens of people at least, and today he was going to kill me.

	“Ha.” The Fire Emperor sneered. “It’s cute that you think you can run away from me, you shit.”

	I felt a burning sensation near my ankles and immediately went rolling across the ground. At first, I didn’t get why I fell down—then I saw both my feet still flat on the ground. I gasped. My feet were severed with my sneakers still on. The famous logo on the side of my sneakers looked unusually white today.

	“P-please don’t kill me! Spare me, please!”

	“Then you shouldn’t have run away in the first place. You scared me for a moment there.” The Fire Emperor bent over to pick up my foot and tossed it up and down like a baseball. “Hey, did you see it?”

	“I-I didn’t see anything!”

	The Fire Emperor approached me. “What did you not see?”

	“I don’t know anything! P-please, I don’t know any—”

	“What do you not know?”

	“Please… Mr. Fire Emperor. Please… spare me. I won’t say anything. I won’t say anything to anyone…”

	A shadow was cast over my head as the Fire Emperor crouched over me. “Wow, so you saw me and know I’m the Fire Emperor. You saw pretty much everything.”

	“Please…”

	“Bro, you’re making me upset. You know everything, so why would you keep bullshitting me?” The Fire Emperor turned my foot this way and that. “Tell me. Who sent you? Is it the Black Dragon again?”

	“I… I really don’t know anything… I know nothing…”

	“Yet you were quietly watching me and the Saintess from there like a rat. That sounds so trustworthy, doesn’t it? I would have bought it if I was an idiot.” The Fire Emperor grinned crookedly. “But I’m not, you dipshit.”

	Woosh!

	The Fire Emperor started another fire on the famous logo on my sneakers. Before long, the sneakers I had worn for a long time disappeared. I had been with my feet longer, but they were now gone too.

	“Next will be your head, so answer me.”

	My head went blank. This devil… was crazy. There was no talking to a psycho, and he was one. Everything inside his head was the absolute truth, so he was supposed to be always right. In truth, he was just a psychopath who would kill an innocent without hesitation.

	The Fire Emperor was the Rank 1 Hunter, so how could he—no, how could a human do that? Had I been fanboying for a psycho? I used to think that he was a hero and I liked him for his candor and straightforwardness. That was what other people thought too—but he was just a lunatic.

	“L-lie…”

	“What?”

	“Lie-detecting Skill… You said you have a lie-detecting Skill,” I desperately blurted. “You told the Saintess to think carefully before she answers because you can tell if she’s lying. Use the Skill on me, and you’ll know I’m not lying. Mr. Fire Emperor, i-it really was a coincidence. Please believe me!”

	The Fire Emperor’s expression subtly changed.

	“I was lying.”

Chapter 3

But you will die (2)

	“What did you just say?”

	“It was a lie. You know what bluffing is, right? I don’t have a lie-detecting Skill, I bluffed to make the Saintess talk.” The Fire Emperor laughed quietly. “Oh, man. You and the Saintess are so naive. I can’t believe you two actually fell for it.”

	“Th-then…” My lip quivered in shock. “…does that mean you killed the Saintess without any proof?”

	Unlike the psychopath standing in front of me, the Saintess, the heroic Hunter who was in ninth place of the official ranking, was a decent person. Most of her earnings were donated to orphanages, which was what had eventually earned her the title of Saintess. Did he seriously kill her because she was a little suspicious?

	Then… he’s the lunatic of the century, not the Hunter of the era.

	“Hey, give me some credit here. I do have proof. The Saintess actually tried to kill me. If I hadn’t killed her first, she would have poisoned me to death tomorrow.” The Fire Emperor spat on the ground. “Fuck! Just thinking about it makes me feel like shit again.”

	“H-how would you kno—”

	“I know,” the Fire Emperor answered right away. “I just know. I have a way, but it’s none of your business.”

	I was rendered speechless. It was… not just because the Fire Emperor was absurdly confident. There was certainty I could see from the Fire Emperor’s eyes; he actually had a reason for killing the Saintess. That was what it looked like to me at least.

	“Well, judging from all your talk about the lie-detecting skill, I guess you’re really innocent.”

	“Ah…”

	“I remember all eighteen of the rat shitters that were crawling around here. Eighteen. It was like they wanted to prove they were a group of fuckers.[1] Mmm… Anyhow, it’s my first time seeing you. Yeah, I don’t remember seeing a softie like you among them.” The Fire Emperor stroked my head with a grin.

	Did he finally believe I was innocent?

	“Th-thank you—!”

	“But you know I’m the Fire Emperor and you saw me killing the Saintess.” The Fire Emperor stroked my head once again. “So you should die.”

	The Fire Emperor stopped stroking my head. “My name is Yoo Soo-Ha. Goodbye.”

	At that instant, it felt like someone put a hot frying pan on top of my head… No, it was inside my head. My brain was devoured by fire, its fluids boiling and sizzling like a barrel of oil. That was how I learned that a human couldn’t scream in the face of true pain.

	This… is how I die—killed by a lunatic.

	Kim Gong-Ja was the name that the director of my orphanage had given me, hoping I would become a great person like Confucius.[2] However, my life and death were nothing like Confucius’s.

	Ah.

	It was sad. Nothing changed in my wretched life even until the day I died. If my life was a game, nobody would buy it.

	[You have died.]

	I hated it.

	[It has been determined that your death met the requirements for Skill activation.]

	Why did I have to die? No, why did I have to live like this? It was unfair. Everything was unfair. I could have lived a better life—actually, my life should have been a little better. I just made mistakes, that was all.

	I died because of the three mistakes I had made today. My life was full of mistakes. I had been born because of someone’s mistake; maybe my birth itself was a mistake too.

	[Duplicating Hunter Yoo Soo-Ha’s Skills at random.]

	[Creating Skill Cards]

	I couldn’t hear or see anything except for faint points of light, which buzzed in front of me like a swarm of bronze fireflies. They looked fairly easy to catch. There were silver fireflies in lesser numbers, but there were still many of them. I would be able to get them too, but there was one singular golden firefly that shone like the sun. It was fast. It actually flew so fast that I felt like it would be impossible for me to catch it.

	[Choose a Skill Card.]

	I still reached out for the only golden light.

	[You have chosen a Skill Card.]

	I got it.

	[Copying the Skill.]

	And I embraced my death.

	[The Skill is active.]

	Name: I Want To Be Like You.

	Class: S+.

	Effect 1: It will automatically activate after an enemy kills you.

	Effect 2: You will be able to copy and turn one of their Skills into yours.

	Effect 3: You can’t copy your enemies’ Skills more than once.

	Effect 4: The Skill you copy will be chosen at random.

	※ However, you will die!

	Now I could tell others what hell looked like with confidence. There was no inferno, nor even ordinary fire. There was a gas stove lying around, but it wouldn’t be enough to start an inferno. To my surprise, hell gave me a little fridge, a small bed, and… a second-hand television.

	“Huh.”

	In other words, it looked like a replica of my studio… Wait, I wasn’t in hell. This was my twelve-square-meter studio with a charming rent.

	“Huh… Uhh… Uhhh?” I felt around my head with my hand.

	It was fine. Just in case, I checked my reflection on my smartphone’s screen and I saw a face that looked like God had given up just before they completed their masterpiece. In other words, it was moderately handsome and ugly at the same time—but I didn’t have any burn marks.

	…What? What happened? What in the world happened? Did the Fire Emperor treat me and then dump me here?

	It was ridiculous as fuck, but… it was the only explanation that came to my mind. Maybe the Fire Emperor was kinder than I had thought. Sure, he was a lunatic, but perhaps he wasn’t a psychopathic killer. He may have pretended to kill me and ended up sparing me instead.

	「Breaking news!」

	Then was the Fire Emperor the one who had left the television on?

	「Breaking news! The Black Dragon Guild confidently declared that they’d clear the Tower’s fortieth floor and show everyone the skill of one of the best guilds in the world. Unfortunately, the Black Dragons ended up coming back without any achievements once again.」

	However, the Fire Emperor wasn’t in my twelve-square-meter studio. It wasn’t like he had left the TV on and stepped outside for a moment.

	「Yet the Fire Emperor, the number one ranked Hunter, has singlehandedly taken down another boss monster!」

	Instead… Instead, the Fire Emperor was on the screen with his brow furrowed.

	* * *

	「Hello, Mr. Fire Emperor!」

	「Ah, yeah. Hi… 」

	「You set a new record once again! And I must say, you’re the only Hunter who’s made this many feats on your own. How do you feel about it?」

	「First of all, I want you to stop calling me that shitty name.」

	「I’m sorry?」

	The LIVE logo was in the corner of the screen. I blankly watched the interview on my old television.

	「I’m talking about you people calling me “Fire Emperor”. I have a name, you know. What’s with that bullshit nickname? I’d honestly prefer Fucker to that cringe-ass name. I swear I’m going to hunt down the bastard who came up with that someday and bury him alive.」

	The world’s Rank 1 Hunter, the hero of the current generation, the person I had been jealous of… Yoo Soo-Ha was there. Perhaps I was putting it too mildly given that he had killed me.

	“Impossible.”

	Despite what I said, I was already reaching for my smartphone. When I checked the date, it was the same date I saw yesterday. My hands trembled, but I got to the online communities.

	—Guys, the Fire Emperor is talking shit again!

	It was the same here.

	—Would it kill him to watch his words? The whole world is watching this interview

	It was also the same here.

	—WTF?! The Fucker has a girlfriend now! He’s dating the Saintess!

	The websites, communities, SNS… everything was the same. The posts I saw yesterday were being posted in real-time. I swore that I had seen those posts yesterday, but people acted like it was their first time.

	“Ha…”

	Nevertheless, there was one difference.

	—I want to become like the Fire Emperor.

	The comments I had written weren’t there. It was only natural—around this time yesterday, I had been busy writing comments on every post, but right now I was zoning out after I realized that I really had returned to yesterday.

	“…Show me my Skill Card.”

	I Want To Be Like You (S+)

	The golden Skill Card appeared in front of me. I had read it several times since yesterday, so I remembered every word in the description. It was supposed to be a Class S Skill, but it was trash of the century because it cost me my life to use it. But…

	“Oh my god.”

	…there were two glittering cards shining in front of me right now.

	I Want To Be Like You (S+)

	Returner’s Clockwork (EX)

	How?

	I stared at the two floating golden Skill Cards, my heart pounding. The Skill I had was the one I would never get to use, but that was all. I… wasn’t supposed to have a Skill named Returner’s Clockwork, especially if its Skill Card was golden. It was my first time seeing this Skill Card; I hadn’t had it until the Fire Emperor had killed me yesterday

	How did it happen?

	I didn’t know how the Returner’s Clockwork became mine. I couldn’t understand it yet. However, I could tell that this card was mine.

	It’s mine.

	Mine.

	And I also had a feeling that it might change my life. I reached out for the card and grabbed it, flipping it around.

	Returner’s Clockwork

	Class: EX

	Effect: It is activated automatically upon your death. You will return to twenty-four hours before your death. Your memory and abilities will be preserved even after your return.

	※ You will receive a penalty after the Skill activation.

	※ The higher your Class is, the stronger the penalty is.

	※ This Skill has been copied from Hunter Yoo Soo-Ha.

	Return. He returned to twenty-four hours before his death.

	“Ah…” Goosebumps spread over my skin as realization sank in. “Th-this is the Fire Emperor’s secret…”

	The Fire Emperor was the world’s Rank 1 Hunter. The boss monster in the Tower’s tenth floor had previously thought to be undefeatable, but he had taken it down on his own. And for some reason, he was so certain that the Saintess was going to kill him.

	I finally understood the truth behind everything he’d said and done.

	“The Saintess actually tried to kill me. If I hadn’t killed her first, she would have poisoned me to death tomorrow.”

	“I just know. I have a way, but it’s none of your business.”

	That was what the Fire Emperor had told me. The Saintess had actually killed the Fire Emperor. Just like he had said, she had poisoned him, causing him to return twenty-four hours before his last death. That was why he had a vendetta against the Saintess.

	And he also killed me. I clenched my fists. I didn’t do anything wrong, but he killed me just because I got in the way of covering up his murder!

	He had toyed with me like a bug before he killed me. My feet had been severed, and my head had been burned.

	The TV interview was still ongoing.

	「 But before we finish the interview, can you say something to our viewers out there?」

	The Fire Emperor scratched the back of his head in annoyance. 「Phew.」

	The man I had seen yesterday was a hero, but all I saw today was a psychopath. It didn’t matter if he was the world’s Rank 1 Hunter or a renowned hero. He was my enemy now.

	The Fire Emperor scowled at the camera. 「Those who are destined to succeed will be successful no matter what. 」

	I glared back at him.

	「But don’t get cocky with me even if you do.」

	I clutched the golden Skill Card. I had copied this Skill from the Fire Emperor, so he would have the same card. The Fire Emperor was the first place in the official Hunter ranking, and I wasn’t even on the ranking. However, our start would always be the same from now on.

	「I’ll crush you.」

	It was my turn for revenge.

* * *

	1. The raw is 누가 씨발놈들 아니랄까 봐 대가리 숫자도 맞춰서… 씨발(Sibal) means fuck in Korean, and it sounds incredibly similar to the number eighteen(Sibpal). ☜

	2. Confucius’s Korean name is Gongja. ☜

Chapter 4

Hunt the Hero (1)

	I can’t beat the Fire Emperor with an ordinary method.

	My heart pounded. I tried hard to be calm, but it wasn’t easy. Maybe it was only natural—it hadn’t been long since I’d died from the fire that he started in my head. On top of that, I had still been alive while my flesh and bones were sizzling… The pain I had experienced… was horrible.

	“Fuck you, son of a bitch.” I glared at the newspaper and magazine clippings covering the walls.

	All of them were from interviews he had been in from when he was an obscure, rookie Hunter until he became the number one Hunter in the world. Of course, I also had the Fire Emperor’s photos on the walls—I now wanted to rip down those photos of his smug face.

	“Tsk. But this fucker will also return to twenty-four hours ago if he dies.”

	The biggest problem was that the Fire Emperor wouldn’t stay dead even if he was killed.

	It’s the ultimate cheat.

	The difference between the Fire Emperor and I was like that of the sun and a firefly. My opponent was the Rank 1 Hunter while I wasn’t even in the ranking.

	Even though the Tower had acknowledged my jealousy… it didn’t mean I was strong. Even if I relied on every possible coincidence and miracle in the world, it was unlikely that I could kill the Fire Emperor.

	Even if I manage to kill him, I still have problems.

	When he died, the Fire Emperor would simply return to twenty-four hours before and try to kill me using any means possible. Once he realized he couldn’t kill me, he would create a dungeon in his basement and lock me up forever. With the Fire Emperor’s abilities, it would be a piece of cake to subdue me, so Kim Gong-Ja’s second attempt at life would end with fabulous eternal incarceration.

	“Ah, fuck. Fuck, fuck…”

	The chances of me killing him were close to zero, and killing him wouldn’t even be the end of my problems.

	How am I supposed to get revenge on this psychopath? How should I do it? How can I screw over the number one Hunter in the ranking?

	I cooped up myself in my studio for over a day, glaring at the newspaper clippings on the walls. They had all the information and history about the Fire Emperor, so they might give me an idea.

	“The Fire Emperor has cleared the thirty-ninth floor on his own!”

	“The Fire Emperor has created another legend by singlehandedly clearing the thirty-eighth floor!”

	“Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, has officially become the first Korean to earn the highest place in the Hunter Ranking.”

	…

	“With the disappearance of the Sword Star, the seat of the world’s Rank 1 Hunter is empty. Who shall inherit his seat?”

	“All foreign experts unanimously agree that the most likely candidate is Yoo Soo-Ha from Korea.”

	“The unassailable tenth floor has been cleared. Who is this mysterious hero?”

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	Just then, a tingle ran down my spine.

	“Huh? Wait… This is…” I mumbled as I touched one of the newspaper clippings.

	The clipping was from the Fire Emperor’s magazine interview. The article was online, but I had printed it myself to put it on the wall.

	“Mr. Yoo Soo-Ha, how old were you when you Awakened?”

	“I was twenty-one years old. It’s already been eleven years since that summer.”

	“You must have very good memory to remember the season.”

	“I never really thought I had a good memory, but the day I Awakened just happened to be my birthday, June 7th. That’s why I remember it.”

	It was an ordinary interview, but… it was an invaluable piece of information for me.

	“Whoa, wait a minute. Seriously? It’s… really going to work.”

	There was a way to kill the world’s Rank 1 Hunter. It was far from easy, and people would call me crazy if they heard about it. But it was the only way to kill the Fire Emperor as a lowly Class F Hunter.

	I really can get revenge on him!

	Just then, I heard shouts from outside the window.

	“Fire!”

	I opened the window, wondering what was going on. The nearby residents were buzzing about smoke rising from the side of the neighborhood.

	“Oh, no!”

	“This isn’t the time to stand around here. Let’s go help extinguish the fire!”

	“Okay!”

	The residents went running toward the fire.

	The place I lived was different from the outside world; this was the city made by the people who had entered the Tower to become Hunters. The city on the Tower’s first floor had various names, because it was populated by people from around the globe. Some people called it Babylon or Abaddon. It was sometimes just “Floor 1 City”, but some even referred to it by an elegant name: “Ascending City.”

	Most people living here were Hunters. Whether they liked it or not, they had all looked death in the eyes, so they moved faster in an emergency than people from the outside world.

	As I quickly left my studio and joined the others, I checked the time on my smartphone.

	What the fuck.

	It had already been around twenty-four hours since I had been killed by the Fire Emperor and regressed in time. It was also around the time that the Fire Emperor was going to kill the Saintess. In other words…

	…it’s the Fucker! The Fucker set the fire to erase the evidence!

	Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, was truly an evil son of a bitch.

	* * *

	The Watchman League’s Hunters were already at the site of the fire, followed by other Hunters from major guilds. They usually fought like cats and dogs, but they joined forces to deal with the fire.

	“Those of you with water-type Skills, don’t use them on your own!”

	“Yes, use them together! That’s it!”

	“The Black Dragon Guild will take command here! Please follow the Black Dragon’s lead on this one, people!”

	A couple of High Rankers also showed up. I kept glancing at them as I helped other people.

	“I-I finished closing off the area. The problem is whether or not there are survivors… We should hurry and send a rescue team.”

	She was the Rank 5 Hunter and was called Master Alchemist, who led the Alchemist Office, the guild of doctors and pharmacists.

	“It’s okay. It used to be a slum and it’s been abandoned for five years now. Ever since, access has been prohibited, so I guess that’s one silver lining.”

	That was the Paladin, the Rank 10 Hunter and the assistant leader of the Watchmen League that maintained order in the city.

	The only time I’d met them before this was in the newspapers. Unlike many High Rankers out there, these Hunters were known to work with others to help people. They got on the site before anyone else and took charge of the emergency response.

	The Saintess was supposed to be with them too…

	But she wasn’t. She had already been killed by the most arrogant of the solo High Rankers. The only people who knew of her death were the Fire Emperor and I. Even those two High Rankers didn’t know it yet—no, they would probably never know.

	The Master Alchemist looked around. “Strange. Why isn’t Miss Saintess here yet…?”

	“She told me that she had plans tonight. Although I don’t know what it is, it’s probably a date.” The Paladin laughed quietly. “She hangs out with the Fire Emperor pretty often nowadays.”

	“…I don’t like the Fire Emperor.” The Master Alchemist’s shoulders drooped. “Something doesn’t feel right about him… Although I know it’s not polite to talk badly of him, I still think Miss Saintess deserves someone better.”

	“Your standards are too high. The Fire Emperor is the Rank 1 Hunter, so if she has to find someone better, who’s she supposed to date? This is why you still haven’t found yourself a partner.”

	“A-age has nothing to do with this now… And I’m still in my late thirties. It’s not too late…” The Master Alchemist trailed off.

	Speak of the devil…

	“It’s the Fire Emperor!”

	The firefighters ground to a halt. Even the High Rankers turned to look. The Fucker just ambled in wearing a hoodie and sweatpants.

	“What the shit?” the Fucker demanded, obviously annoyed. “Who played with fire without my permission?”

	He was indeed an absolute psychopath.

	“Welcome, Fire Emperor.” the Paladin nodded in acknowledgment.

	“Yup, your big bro is here.”

	“As you can see, a fire broke out in the old slum. Can you help us?” the Paladin politely asked.

	However, the Fire Emperor wasn’t fazed. “What do I get if I help you?”

	“You’ll feel great about helping many people for free.”

	“Ah, drop the bullshit and make me a real offer.”

	“The media around the globe will print front page articles about you tomorrow. The headlines will be something like ’The Fire Emperor extinguished the fire, saving a lot of people.’ It’ll be a refreshing shock to people, and you’ll be able to improve your image.”

	“Ha.” The Fire Emperor sneered with his hands still in his pockets. “I don’t remember tiptoeing around those media jackals.”

	He was one crazy asshole.

	The residents already had their phones out and were filming the Fire Emperor, so his facial expressions and the words he said would be broadcast around the globe right now. People on the internet must be having a heated discussion, either advocating for or criticizing the Fire Emperor. What would the Fire Emperor’s advocates say?

	—He’s right. ofc you should look out for yourself

	—Only an idiot would help out people for free.

	—I like how he’s still honest even after becoming a hero.

	My head went blank.

	No one knows who he really is.

	A shiver ran down my spine.

	He isn’t honest. He’s… just crazy. He isn’t in his right mind.

	The fire was right near me, but I felt cold. The Fire Emperor had started this fire and all the tragedy that accompanied it, yet he had the audacity to come back and ask for a price with a straight face. That was when I resolved myself.

	He has to go!

	It wasn’t just for my revenge. For the sake of humanity and the honor of all Hunters, the Fire Emperor had to be eradicated. He was no different from monsters, and it was Hunters’ duty and life’s mission to hunt monsters!

	I have to kill him… by whatever means necessary.

	A fire-spitting monster was living in the Tower. Yes, there was, but that was going to change. That monster was now my prey.

	Even if it costs me my life…

	I walked past the heroes, who were discussing how to sort out the aftermath. Ordinary Hunters were also working hard to put out the fire, but I brushed past them as well, headed toward the seemingly unquenchable inferno.

	“Huh? Hold on, where are you going?”

	And I walked.

	“Hey, bro! Don’t get too close!”

	And I walked.

	“Huh?! He’s crazy!”

	“Somebody stop him!”

	“Who the fuck is that?!”

	And I ran.

	I could hear people going wild behind me. Some people anxiously jumped up and down, unsure of how to stop me. On the other hand, several guys yelled at me as they fought the fire. I ignored them and charged straight into the fire. People called me crazy, but I wasn’t; in fact, I couldn’t be more level-headed right now. I understood the situation.

	It’s hot!

	I was in hell. The fire came at me like a snake flicking its scarlet tongue.

	It hurts!

	Whenever I took a step, more of my flesh melted. I could feel the surface of my eyes being burned to a crisp.

	But it’s better than the time I got killed by the Fire Emperor!

	This was the only way to kill the Fire Emperor.

	I ran for a long time, but at the same time, it also felt like only a minute passed. I kept coughing because of the smoke. By the time I stopped coughing, I heard a voice.

	[You have died.]

	Yes.

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	It was my second death.

	* * *

	“…I’m back.”

	It was my hell, my twelve-square meter studio. The walls were covered in newspaper clippings, and my old television was playing the Fire Emperor’s live interview for the third time.

	「Breaking news! The Black Dragon Guild confidently declared that they’d clear the Tower’s fortieth floor… 」

	I returned to yesterday.

	Okay. The Skill is working.

	Unlike the last time, I didn’t even spare a glance at the TV. I didn’t need to because all I had to know was that my Skill that rewinded me twenty-four hours worked. With this Skill, I would be able to kill the Fire Emperor.

	[Your current Hunter Class is F.]

	[You will not receive your Skill penalty.]

	“I knew it,” I muttered to myself.

	Returner’s Clockwork… The description said that a higher penalty would be given if my Hunter Class was high.

	In other words, Class F Hunters like me wouldn’t receive one at all.

	Now is my one and only chance to kill the Fire Emperor.

	I pulled a dagger out of my backpack. It had been with me ever since I had started working as a Hunter. The dagger was now too dull to hunt monsters, but… it was sharp enough to kill a human.

	How shall I kill The Fire Emperor?

	I had been contemplating it.

	The Saintess isn’t dead yet, so should I work with her? Maybe I can reveal my ability to the Black Dragon Guild. Then they might help me incarcerate the Fire Emperor forever. Or when the Fire Emperor kills the Saintess, I can secretly film the moment and send the footage to the media.

	All of these methods were good, but they didn’t guarantee the Fire Emperor’s irreversible demise.

	I don’t have any way to make the Saintess trust me.

	I didn’t have any reputation.

	The guild might just discard me when it’s done.

	I didn’t have power.

	Is it seriously possible for me to film the Fire Emperor without getting discovered?

	I didn’t have confidence.

	But… I go back twenty-four hours after I die.

	I still had Returner’s Clockwork, the Skill I copied from the Fire Emperor.

	Yeah, I have the Skill. Don’t worry, Kim Gong-Ja. You can do it.

	I swallowed my saliva and stared at the clipping of the Fire Emperor’s magazine interview.

	“Mr. Yoo Soo-Ha, how old were you when you Awakened?”

	“I was twenty-one years old. It’s already been eleven years since that summer.”

	“You must have very good memory to remember the season.”

	“I never really thought I had a good memory, but the day I Awakened just happened to be my birthday, June 7th. That’s why I remember it.”

	Eleven years ago. June 7th. Summer.

	Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, hadn’t had the Skill that summer eleven years ago. If I counted back from today to that specific June 7th, it was…

	4050 days.

	Yes.

	I die 4050 times.

	It was the only way to kill the Fire Emperor.

	Yoo Soo-Ha. If you won’t stay dead, you monster… I raised my dagger up high… I’ll kill you before you become a monster!

	And I stabbed myself in the neck to go back to the past, where I could kill the Fire Emperor!

	“Urgh…!”

	It was hot, and it hurt. As my heart raced, I could vividly feel every one of my nerves scream. After some time, I couldn’t see or feel anything, but I heard a voice.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	When I went back another day, I found myself lying on my bed. The TV was off, but the clippings were still all over the walls. Going back a day wasn’t enough to erase the Fire Emperor—no, that lunatic’s death. I glared at Yoo Soo-Ha’s photo.

	A day, a week, a month, a year… I didn’t care how long it would take.

	“Now…” I held up my dagger again. “…4049 days to go.”

	And I stabbed myself again.

Chapter 5

Hunt the Hero (2)

	4048 days.

	[You have died.]

	4047 days.

	[You have died.]

	4046 days.

	[You have died.]

	Just as Rome wasn’t built overnight, the Fire Emperor’s legend wasn’t made in a couple of days. I was erasing his seemingly eternal legacy from the Tower. It was difficult, of course, but it wasn’t impossible.

	“Fuck…!” I screamed as I killed myself.

	Whenever I wanted to give up, I recalled the moment the Fire Emperor had burned me to death as if I were a moth. It brought back the pain, the frustration, and the anger I had felt at the time. He was the one who had set the fire in the old slum, but he had the audacity to come back and blatantly demand money for his help.

	I’ll kill you. I stabbed myself in the neck with my dagger. I’ll kill you, Yoo Soo-Ha!

	I was killing myself, but it also meant the Fire Emperor was closer to his death.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding 24 hours.]

	4040 days, 4039 days, 4038 days, 4037 days… I started to lose track of how many times I’d killed myself. It felt like my work wasn’t going to end, like an hourglass that never ran out of sand. The Fire Emperor’s tower of accomplishments seemed solid like a pyramid that didn't crumble down on its own, but it began to crack.

	“The Fire Emperor has cleared the thirty-ninth floor on his own!”

	“The Fire Emperor has created another legend by singlehandedly clearing the thirty-eighth floor!”

	“Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, has officially become the first Korean to earn the highest place in the Hunter Ranking.”

	…

	“With the disappearance of the Sword Star, the seat of the world’s Rank 1 Hunter is empty. Who shall inherit his seat?”

	“All foreign experts unanimously agree that the most likely candidate is Yoo Soo-Ha from Korea.”

	“The unassailable tenth floor has been cleared. Who is this mysterious hero?”

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	The clippings on my studio walls, the trophies of the Fire Emperor’s history, disappeared one by one.

	“The Fire Emperor has created another legend by singlehandedly clearing the thirty-eighth floor!”

	“Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, has officially become the first Korean to earn the highest place in the Hunter Ranking.”

	…

	“With the disappearance of the Sword Star, the seat of the world’s Rank 1 Hunter is empty. Who shall inherit his seat?”

	“All foreign experts unanimously agree that the most likely candidate is Yoo Soo-Ha from Korea.”

	“The unassailable tenth floor has been cleared. Who is this mysterious hero?”

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	One after another, the clippings disappeared like an old man’s teeth, revealing the wallpapers behind.

	“The Fire Emperor has created another legend by singlehandedly clearing the thirty-seventh floor!”

	“Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, has officially become the first Korean to earn the highest place in the Hunter Ranking.”

	…

	“With the disappearance of the Sword Star, the seat of the world’s Rank 1 Hunter is empty. Who shall inherit his seat?”

	“All foreign experts unanimously agree that the most likely candidate is Yoo Soo-Ha from Korea.”

	“The unassailable tenth floor has been cleared. Who is this mysterious hero?”

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	They continued to vanish.

	I see the end now!

	I still had a long way to go, but… it was okay. It was becoming clear that the psychotic Fire Emperor wasn’t immortal or indestructible. Then I could keep going as long as I needed to.

	It isn’t impossible!

	I swung my dagger again, eliminating the Fire Emperor’s time of clearing the Tower’s thirty-seventh floor.

	“Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, has officially become the first Korean to earn the highest place in the Hunter Ranking.”

	…

	“With the disappearance of the Sword Star, the seat of the world’s Rank 1 Hunter is empty. Who shall inherit his seat?”

	“All foreign experts unanimously agree that the most likely candidate is Yoo Soo-Ha from Korea.”

	“The unassailable tenth floor has been cleared. Who is this mysterious hero?”

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	Next was when the Fire Emperor became the best Hunter in the world.

	“With the disappearance of the Sword Star, the seat of the world’s Rank 1 Hunter is empty. Who shall inherit his seat?”

	“All foreign experts unanimously agree that the most likely candidate is Yoo Soo-Ha from Korea.”

	“The unassailable tenth floor has been cleared. Who is this mysterious hero?”

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	I eliminated it.

	“The unassailable tenth floor has been cleared. Who is this mysterious hero?”

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	And I did it again.

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	[You have died.]

	Finally, my old dagger was as good as new again, and my hands were also less wrinkly. I had moved from studio to studio in the past, so I got poorer as I became younger, leaving me in a studio that was much smaller than my previous one.

	When I went to the bathroom to take a short break, I could see a much younger reflection of myself in the mirror.

	“Ah…”

	And there was nothing on my walls. All of the newspaper and magazine clippings were gone. It was completely empty. I had actually erased the name “Fire Emperor” from history.

	“I did it,” I blankly mumbled. “I came back…”

	It was May 6th, eleven years ago. I returned to a month before Yoo Soo-Ha got his Skill.

	* * *

	I don’t need to hesitate or wait.

	A hoodie and sweatpants. That was everything I had in my early twenties, and I put them on like armor.

	However, I didn’t… feel thrilled that I’d come back to the past.

	Yoo Soo-Ha… I won’t let my guard down until I’ve killed that guy…

	I’d killed myself 4090 times to return to this day. It was forty times more than I had planned. It also took longer because of my breaks in between deaths. I had also collected every piece of information about Yoo Soo-Ha I could find by repeating May 6th ten times.

	11 A.M.

	That was when Yoo Soo-Ha usually woke up. Today was no different. He had a deep frown on his face right from the start of the day, probably because he had gulped down four bottles of beer yesterday.

	2 P.M.

	Yoo Soo-Ha left his studio. His apartment building was popular among Class F Hunters. Low-Class Hunters were often killed during their hunts, so the landlord leased the studios with low rent and high deposits. He was a great businessman.

	3 P.M.

	Yoo Soo-Ha began hunting slimes in the hunting ground of the Tower’s second floor. They didn’t pay well.

	At 3:11 P.M., Yoo Soo-Ha grumbled, “Ah, fuck. When will I get to be famous like the Sword Star…?”

	“Gosh, hunting slimes is really boring,” Yoo Soo-Ha muttered four minutes later.

	Twenty-one-year-old Yoo Soo-Ha was an ordinary Class F Hunter who hoped to win the jackpot someday. He was nothing like the thirty-two-year-old Fire Emperor.

	“I wish I could win the lottery…”

	Yoo Soo-Ha’s wish was actually going to come true soon.

	The Merchant Association, also known as MA, was the only one that could issue a lottery within the Tower. The winner was announced every week, and all of their names were recorded by the MA. That list was soon going to include a young man who would one day be known as the Fire Emperor. He was going to be so lucky that he would win twice in a row. Although the truth was that it was the first thing he was going to do with his time regression Skill.

	And he will win it in three weeks and then again four weeks from today.

	However, the Yoo Soo-Ha whom I was watching, was not going to have that future anymore.

	You’ll die here today.

	Yoo Soo-Ha was going to head to a different hunting ground at 5:31 P.M. Maybe he thought he would get nowhere in life if he only hunted slimes. The new hunting ground was a little more remote and dangerous, so rookie Hunters rarely went there. No one except for Yoo Soo-Ha was going to be there for 36 minutes.

	…He’s here.

	I had been waiting for him here.

	It’s him.

	Yoo Soo-Ha swaggered in, yawning. I had traveled back eleven years, but I still didn’t fail to recognize him every time. It wasn’t because I had great eyes; Yoo Soo-Ha looked the same even after eleven years.

	He must have found an elixir of eternal youth or something.

	I actually wanted to thank him for being such a greedy pig!

	Come.

	My heart pounded so hard that it hurt, but I suppressed it.

	“H-hey, Mr. Hunter!” I said. “Please help me…!”

	“Huh?” Yoo Soo-Ha looked at me.

	“I got attacked by the wolves… Sob. Please help me. Do you have a potion you can spare…?”

	I was covered in blood. It belonged to the monsters I had hunted in advance, but I would look like a rookie Hunter who was about to die in other people’s eyes, including Yoo Soo-Ha’s.

	“Ah, shit. What? You already messed with the monsters in this area? Fuck, I won’t be able to hunt anything today.”

	“Pl-please… Do you have any potions—”

	“Are you freaking kidding me? You’re the reason why I have to go home dirt poor today. And you’re asking for my potion?” Yoo Soo-Ha approached, sighing. “How much are you going to give me?”

	“What?”

	“How much are you going to give me for my potion, mister? I don’t do charity, so do I have a reason to donate this expensive potion to some dude I’ve never met before? I don’t really think so.” Yoo Soo-Ha pulled out a plastic bottle with the Alchemist Office’s label and dangled it in front of me.

	Red liquid sloshed inside the bottle. It was a health recovery potion that cost twenty gold a bottle. The office also offered a set of five recovery potions that cost nineteen gold.

	“I-I’ll give you twenty gold… I’ll pay you right now. Please—”

	“Wow, you’re one stingy dude, aren’t you?” Yoo Soo-Ha crouched down and met my eyes. “Can’t you tell what’s going on? You’re about to die, and this potion will save you. And you’re going to buy your life only with twenty gold? Is that how much your life is worth?”

	“Umm…”

	“I know it’s harsh, but think about it. If I leave right here, you’ll die, mister. Unless you want that to happen, you have to pay the right price.”

	Yeah, I knew that already.

	“F-forty gold…”

	“Just give me everything you have right now.”

	I knew what kind of a person he was.

	“Well, you can’t even move your hands, so I guess you’re in too much of a mess to give it to me even if you wanted to. Don’t worry, I’ll do it for you. I can do that much.” Yoo Soo-Ha reached out and went rummaging through my pockets, making sure to check my hoodie as well.

	When he finally found my leather wallet in my pants pocket, he grinned. “Let’s see. One gold, two gold, three gold… Hmm. It looks like sixty gold in total. Why are you so poor, mister? You should carry around more than that.”

	“Urgh… That’s all my savings…”

	“It’s okay. I’ll put it to good use.” Yoo Soo-Ha stroked my head after putting my wallet in his pocket.

	Just like how he had done—no, he was going to do 4050 days later as he burned me to death.

	“That’s just life, isn’t it?” Yoo Soo-Ha put his recovery potion back in his pocket, despite his promise. Instead, he pulled out a knife. It was a tool that was used to kill people, not save them.

	Ha. I looked up at Yoo Soo-Ha, but I wasn’t angry. I just couldn’t believe he was the same as ever.

	He seemed to understand my reaction in a different way.

	“Don’t give me that look, Mister,” he said with a shrug. “I thought about giving you the potion, but… you might take revenge on me later, you know. I don’t want that to happen. People shouldn’t live looking over their shoulders. Since you also saw my face, you need to die.”

	Yoo Soo-Ha never stopped grinning. I had spent ten years worshiping him as a hero, and I had been so jealous of him; I had only gotten to see his back on the screen before any of this, but I had desperately wanted to become like him. It turned out that a hero’s bare face was much uglier than I had thought.

	Alright. I quietly watched Yoo Soo-Ha adjusting his grip on his knife. I won’t leave anything to look over my shoulder for.

	When he slowly held up his knife, I kicked him in the groin using my right foot.

	“Urgh!” Yoo Soo-Ha lost his balance as he was swinging his knife.

	It was only for a moment, but that was enough for me.

	“Huh?” He murmured.

	After narrowly dodging Yoo Soo-Ha’s knife, I stabbed his neck with my dagger. I was different from Yoo Soo-Ha—I didn’t waste time by needlessly talking to my target. The moment I pierced his neck, I twisted the dagger and cut his throat. When I withdrew my dagger, a fountain of blood splashed out from his neck, quickly drenching my hands.

	“Ur-urgh…!” Yoo Soo-Ha groaned. Only once he hit the ground did he let out a scream.

	“Arghhhhh!!!!”

	It didn’t last long because the surging blood slowly suffocated him to death. He must have also instinctively realized that his life was draining away second by second. He stopped writhing on the ground and hunched over on his side. Although he clamped his hands over the wound, it wasn’t enough to stop the bleeding; the hole actually bled harder, squeezing blood through the gaps between his fingers.

	“Okay.” I stepped on Yoo Soo-Ha’s neck.

	His wide eyes were filled with questions and anger, but I didn’t have the slightest reason to answer his questions. His eyes were going to turn blank soon.

	“I’ll just think of this as a good learning opportunity.”

	I swung the dagger that had killed me 4090 times. This time, it was to kill a monster.

Chapter 6

Hunt the Hero (3)

	“Gah… Hah. Hooo…!”

	It was commonly said among Hunters that the way to acquire a Skill was to face death. Perhaps it was true. At least, it sounded more plausible than receiving a Skill for the world’s ugliest jealousy.

	“Huff…!”

	That was why I swung my dagger again. I couldn’t let my guard down; I had to stop the slightest chance of the psychopath in front of me Awakening his Skill.

	“Gasp… huff…”

	Die. I gritted my teeth.

	“Whoo…”

	What made me the most angry wasn’t the fact that this psychopath had burned me to death as if I were nothing.

	He told me his name.

	It was what Yoo Soo-Ha had told me with a smile before he had grabbed and burned my head to a crisp.

	“But you know I’m the Fire Emperor and you also saw me killing the Saintess. So you have to die. My name is Yoo Soo-Ha. Goodbye.”

	Only a maniac would talk like that. The last part of his remark, though, was really strange.

	He told me his name.

	It was very sudden. He couldn’t have possibly thought that I didn’t know his name.

	He wanted to show off.

	That made me unbearably angry and disgusted. He was a killer, but he believed he was a warrior stating his name before a sacred duel. The moment he had killed me, he had probably thought,

	—I don’t hide my identity when I kill. Therefore I’m honorable.

	How dare you… How dare a psychopath like you think like that…!

	It was only a coincidence that I had witnessed his crime, but he had killed me anyway. He had shamelessly pretended to be innocent in front of the fire he had started. This inhumane thing was an animal. No, he was worse than that. He was a devil, but he acted like he was noble.

	“Don’t be ridiculous!” I stabbed Yoo Soo-Ha’s neck.

	Yoo Soo-Ha had already gone quiet. He didn’t scream or moan. He lay on the grass, staring up at the sky of the remote, empty hunting ground with blank eyes. Yes, he was dead.

	“Huff, huff… Huff…”

	Maybe that wasn’t an accurate description. He wasn’t an ordinary Hunter, and his death was far from normal. The man would have become the legendary Fire Emperor, the first place in the official Hunter ranking. The Tower’s tenth floor remained uncleared for years, but he was going to clear it on his own. And I killed him.

	“Phew.” I let out a sigh. “I can finally come to my—”

	I was going to say I could finally regain some composure, but I had to stop talking. Big wolves were roaming around nearby after getting a whiff of Yoo Soo-Ha’s blood.

	Grrrr…

	They were no ordinary wolves, they were monsters called Plain Wolves. Each of them bore a black symbol resembling a tattoo. The more complicated the symbol was, the stronger they were. The ones in front of me had rather simple symbols, but I still couldn’t take them lightly as a Class F Hunter.

	I first got back my wallet from Yoo Soo-Ha. Then, as I cautiously retreated, I pointed at the body.

	“You want him, right? I don’t need it, so take it.”

	And I kept backing away.

	Grrrrrrr.

	The wolves approached the body. One of them bit the jacket off the corpse and all of the other wolves followed suit.

	I couldn’t see the body anymore with the big wolves covering it.

	“Enjoy yourselves.” I quickly left the area.

	Is it over?

	My clothes were drenched in Yoo Soo-Ha’s blood, so I buried them deep in the hole I had dug in advance and washed myself using the water bottles I had brought. Even after I pulled new clothes from my backpack, everything still felt unreal.

	Is it really over?

	Since people would get suspicious if my clothes were too clean. When I’d gotten them dirty enough, I headed back to Babylon, the city on the Tower’s first floor. A guard from the Watchmen League was standing at the entrance and glanced at me… but he soon looked away with a yawn.

	Ah.

	No one knew what happened.

	It’s really over.

	I went inside a pub and ordered a beer. I gulped it down and ordered another one, and no one cared or knew what I did. I quietly closed my eyes and listened to the news on the pub’s old television.

	「Hunters from Rank 2 to 7 gathered and set out to clear the Tower’s tenth floor. However, the team has been brought to their knees once again…

	「… The criticism toward the Sword Star is getting stronger every day because he never takes part in a Tower Raid Team even though he’s the Rank 1 Hunter… 」

	No matter how long I waited, breaking news of a missing Hunter in the Tower’s second-floor hunting ground never arrived. It was only natural, really. There was nothing new about rookie Hunters’ deaths. Just like no one cared about me right now, they weren’t interested in learning about an obscure Hunter’s disappearance.

	It’s over!

	In other words, I had succeeded in hunting the monster.

	* * *

	I held up my empty glass. “One more draft beer please!”

	“You’re drinking a lot today. Did you have a lucky hunt today?”

	“Yes. Yes, I did! It was awesome!” I shouted delightedly.

	I’d never felt more free than I did right now, so I spent several hours filling up myself with beer. Only when I saw the sun setting outside the pub was I brought back to reality.

	What should I do now?

	There was a lot I could do.

	I can win the lottery. No one knows how to clear the higher floors, so selling them that information is also an option. Mannnn, my life is going to be smooth sailing!

	I looked up at my Hunter Status Window, which only I could see.

	Name: Kim Gong-Ja

	Class: F

	Skills(2/4)

	1. I Want To Be Like You (S+): Passive

	2. Returner’s Clockwork (EX): Passive

	3. Empty

	4. Empty

	“Yeah, I don’t need snacks to go with my drink.”

	I giggled. I was practically having steak and caviar. My status window came with a Class S Skill and a Class EX Skill, and I was sure that most people had never even heard of a Class EX Skill.

	I’m a greedy pig if I want things to be better than they are right now. I smiled contently.

	“…But I don’t have an attack Skill.”

	Maybe humans were all greedy pigs. What I didn’t have began to bother me.

	“Even if I can make good money, a Hunter has to be strong… Otherwise, someone will rob me one day…”

	The Tower’s society was much more menacing than the outside world’s. If I put it in a cool way, the rule of the jungle prevailed—basically, only the strong survived. It wouldn’t matter if I could run off to the outside world, but…

	…You never leave once you enter the Tower.

	That was the unbreakable law. Even a Class S Hunter with a teleportation ability couldn’t travel outside the Tower. The leader of the Merchant Association, known as the Countess, was the only one who could communicate with the outside world from Babylon.

	Still, the Countess can only send and receive goods. She’s stuck in the Tower too…

	People may enter the Tower at will, but leaving the Tower wasn’t up to them. Their identity, assets, social connections, nationality… only someone who had given up everything of the outside world could enter the Tower and become a Hunter. Perhaps… their humanity was also part of the cost.

	“Yeah.”

	It was the same for me.

	“I should be successful in the Tower even if it’s sink or swim,” I muttered, my courage buoyed by beer.

	I desperately wanted to become successful. There was a good reason why I had idolized the Fire Emperor, and it wasn’t because of his astonishingly fucked-up personality. My reason was very simple: I had been envious of the Fire Emperor’s incredible accomplishments.

	“Let’s become successful, Kim Gong-Ja. You’ve already died 4090 times, so nothing is impossible for you. Let’s become successful…”

	Just then, the bell on the pub’s door rang.

	* * *

	At first, I didn’t bother looking to see who entered the pub. It was still early in the evening, so whoever entered the pub couldn’t possibly be a renowned Hunter. But then the other drunkards began to chatter among themselves.

	“Hey, did you see him over there…?”

	“What? It really looks like him.”

	“Why would he come to this pub…?”

	Everyone tried not to make noise, leaving the pub oddly quiet. At this point, I had to turn and see who it was.

	An old man in a fine black suit was standing there.

	“Hmm.”

	A plain red necktie neatly circled his neck, making him look ready to go step into an office right away. He surprisingly looked like an average office worker, so looking at him made me feel like I was back in the outside world.

	Whoa. What kind of fashion is that?

	However, he was wearing red sneakers, not leather shoes. It was a very odd combination, but it wasn’t the only strange part of him.

	“One cup of milk,” the old man curtly said.

	“What?”

	“Give me one cup of milk mixed with a little bit of vodka and sugar. It would be better if you could use honey instead of sugar.”

	The pub owner looked perplexed by the absurdly specific order. “Umm… Sir, I’m not a bartender…”

	“I’ll pay the right price. Don’t worry.”

	The pub owner nodded reluctantly and started working on the man’s order. On the other hand, the pub’s other occupants kept stealing glances at the old man in a suit. They kept whispering about him. It seemed that the old man was really famous.

	Who is it? I narrowed my eyes. Strange. I can recognize most famous Hunters.

	I wasn’t particularly proud of it, but not many people envied those famous Hunters more than I did. I could state every Hunter on the ranking from the second to the hundredth place because I was jealous of all of them. Yet… strangely, I couldn’t recall this man in a suit.

	It feels like I’ve seen him from somewhere though. Where was it? Where?

	It took me some time to remember.

	Ah!

	One of the newspaper clippings that used to cover my studio walls had the man’s photo.

	“It has been twenty-two days since the Sword Star went missing. Could this be the start of the greatest chaos the Hunter industry has ever seen?”

	It’s the Sword Star!

	Yes. The Sword Star used to be the most famous Hunter before Yoo Soo-Ha had made a name for himself as the Fire Emperor. The Sword Star had been active too long ago, so I had forgotten about it. Even I couldn’t recognize a Hunter who hadn’t been active for more than ten years. Besides, he was going to go missing soon, although I didn’t know what happened.

	Ah, yeah. That will happen eleven years later, actually.

	I realized again that I had returned to the past.

	That old man is the strongest man in this generation, not the Fire Emperor…

	I knew it was rude, but I couldn’t stop myself from glancing at the Sword Star. How should I put it? I felt like I was meeting a historic figure who’d died long ago. It was amazing and weird at the same time.

	He probably has Class S Skills too. I sipped on my beer with a grin. And not something weird like mine. It’s a proper attack skill…

	“Huh?” I put down my beer.

	The Class S Skill I had crossed my mind all of a sudden.

	I Want To Be Like You

	Class: S+

	Effect: It will automatically activate after an enemy kills you. You will be able to copy and turn one of their Skills into yours. The Skill you copy will be chosen at random, but you can’t copy your enemies’ Skills more than once.

	※ However, you will die!

	Hold on.

	Another light bulb moment struck me, much like when I had thought of a way to kill the Fire Emperor.

	I Want To Be Like You was a remarkable Skill. I could get killed by any Hunter if I wanted their Skill. The fact I had to die was the biggest flaw.

	But I… don’t die anymore.

	Because I had another SKill.

	Returner’s Clockwork

	Class: EX

	Effect: It is activated automatically upon your death. You will return to twenty four hours before your death. Your memory and ability will be preserved even after your return.

	※ You will receive a penalty after the Skill activation.

	※ The higher your Class is, the stronger the penalty is.

	※ The Skill has been copied from Hunter Yoo Soo-Ha.

	Goosebumps slowly spread all over my body.

	Can I really copy any Skill?

	The obvious truth hadn’t crossed my head because of the pressure and anxiety driving me to kill the Fire Emperor as soon as possible.

	…Will I also be able to copy the current generation’s Rank 1 Hunter?

	I gulped down the beer in my mouth.

	The Fire Emperor, the Rank 1 Hunter after the Sword Star’s disappearance, had the cheating ability to return to the past. In that case, what kind of Skills would the Sword Star have? They must be as great as the Fire Emperor’s.

	If only I can get that… I looked at the old man’s back… Jackpot.

	It looked like my hunt wasn’t over yet.

Chapter 7

The Reason He Talks To Himself (1)

	I searched for information about the Sword Star on my smartphone.

	—He used to be an elder in a wealthy, prestigious family from Northern Europe.

	—His name is Marcus Carlenbery. A renowned family, a myriad of social connections, huge assets… He had everything, but he abandoned all of it to enter the Tower.

	—No one really knows exactly what Skills he has.

	—He has a habit of occasionally talking to himself.

	I clicked my tongue. “This isn’t really helpful.”

	I searched up videos of his interviews just in case, but I got nothing. From the looks of it, the Sword Star was the exact opposite of Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor. Although Yoo Soo-Ha tended to talk harshly to reporters and anchors, he was still an attention seeker, so he would often expose himself to the media.

	On the other hand, the Sword Star remained eternally mysterious, so all of the information circulating online was pretty vague and speculative.

	Well. I turned to look at the Sword Star, who was drinking vodka milk at a corner table. It looks like the information about his habit seems to be correct.

	The unusually dressed old man was having a unique drink of milk mixed with vodka. Even now, he kept sipping his drink without any snacks while he babbled to himself.

	“…Shut up. Be quiet. You’re…”

	I couldn’t hear what exactly he was talking about, but the Sword Star kept talking to himself with a deep frown whenever he put down his cup on the table. It was actually a little scary.

	Is he mentally ill?

	However, he was the number one Hunter in the world, meaning he was a nuke that could go off at any time. It was horrifying.

	…Come to think of it, the Fire Emperor was also a psychopath.

	Perhaps being mentally ill was the requirement to become the Rank 1 Hunter.

	Almost all High Rankers are wackos, I guess. I shook my head as I continued my search.

	All the information I could find was still speculative, but one anonymous post caught my eye with its interesting title.

	“[Caution] You should never say this in front of the Sword Star!”

	“Hmm?”

	The post was from an online community that required a Hunter license from the Hunter Management Bureau to join. In other words, only Hunters got to hang out there.

	—There is a topic you should never mention in front of the Sword Star. Don’t ever bring it up unless you have a death wish. I witnessed it myself.

	└What is it?

	—Don’t mention anything about his grandchildren. A couple days ago, some Rankers picked a fight with the Sword Star in the ninth-floor hunting ground. “Judging from you, I can see how messed up your grandchildren outside the Tower are. That’s why you left them, ain’t it?” “After all, they’re your grandchildren, so they must be just as cocky and all.” “How embarrassed would your grandchildren be if they knew you act like a dickhead here?” After that, he killed them.

	└what he just killed them?

	└Yeah, he really did. The last guy was dead before he could finish speaking. No one saw the Sword Star move.

	There were a lot of comments under that post.

	—bullshit

	—this is just astroturfing from one of the big guilds

	—Yeah those guilds always find talented people like the Sword Star an eyesore

	Most of the commenters didn’t believe the poster, but the user who wrote the post defended it persistently.

	—I don’t care if you believe me or not! I just posted this because I thought you guys should know too. I personally think the Sword Star isn’t at fault here, it’s the guy who brought his family for no good reason, but all the High Rankers are furious for sure. Look at how the media keeps criticizing the Sword Star nowadays. Anyhow, watch your words if you run into the Sword Star. Bye-bye.

	That was the last comment the user wrote, as if that was all they had to say.

	I put down my smartphone.

	The topic I should never mention in front of him… I thought.

	I looked at the corner of the pub where the Sword Star was still sitting and talking to himself.

	“…You’re too noisy. I’ll take care of it, so leave me alone…”

	It really looked like he was mentally ill. Even if he was, it didn’t change the fact that he was the Rank 1 Hunter, so he probably had remarkable Skills. That was enough for me.

	Alright. It’s worth testing.

	* * *

	“Thanks for the drink,” the Sword Star told the pub owner.

	“Ha-have a good night!”

	After emptying his cup, the Sword Star left the pub. Immediately after that, the drunkards, who had been keeping as quiet as possible, heaved a sigh of relief.

	“He finally left.”

	“Is he going senile? Why does he keep talking to himself?”

	“Who knows? But it killed my mood tonight for sure…”

	It looked like all of the customers in the pub had been waiting for the Sword Star to leave. Although I had been waiting too, my reason was different from theirs.

	There was no time to waste. I quickly calculated my tab and handed the money to the pub owner. “Here you go.”

	“Ah, yes. Thank you. I hope to see you again!”

	“The beer was great. Good night.” I bowed back to the owner.

	The pub door’s bell rang as I walked out the door. It was already late in the night, so the street was dark.

	Where are you?

	I looked around. The street was lined up with pubs and bars, so it was quite crowded. Dozens of people giggled under the night sky, letting out their alcohol-infused laughter.

	Where are you, Rank 1 Hunter?

	There you are!

	Fortunately, it didn’t take long to find the back of the person I was looking for, thanks to his unique fashion style. The Sword Star was the only person who would walk around Babylon in a suit. I quickly quieted my steps and followed him.

	My heart pounded.

	The Fire Emperor had a Class EX Skill that allowed him to go back to the past. The Sword Star has been a renowned Hunter even before the Fire Emperor, so what Skills could he have? It must be even better than the regression Skill, right?

	That Skill was going to be mine if my luck allowed.

	* * *

	After following him for who knew how long, the Sword Star and I were out of the downtown and headed to a remote alley. When we went a little further, we weren’t even in an alley. The Sword Star kept striding forward until he reached a very remote, barren field with no buildings.

	“Hmm, this place looks good.” The Sword Star turned around, his figure illuminated by the dim starlight. “Come out, young man. No one will know what happens here.”

	The Sword Star was looking right at the tree I was hiding behind.

	I sighed. Of course he got me.

	Well, it was far-fetched to think that to think that the Rank 1 Hunter wouldn’t notice me following him. I readily accepted my incompetence and walked out from behind the tree.

	“Please excuse my rudeness, Mr. Sword Star. I have a favor I would like to ask from you.”

	Although I tried to sound as polite as possible, the Sword Star simply scoffed for some reason.

	“Ha. Weren’t you being clumsy on purpose so I would notice you? I’m just an old man, so I don’t get what kind of ’favor’ makes a scary man like you come for me.”

	Huh? I didn’t understand why, but he seemed to believe that I had made sounds on purpose.

	Although I wasn’t doing anything, the Sword Star grabbed his sword. He looked ready to fight.

	What is up with him?

	This was good for me since my goal was to get killed by the Sword Star, but I didn’t do anything else except follow him…

	My obvious confusion only deepened the Sword Star’s frown. His eyes oozed murder.

	“…You’re quite the actor; as expected from an elite assassin.”

	“What?”

	“Don’t feign ignorance. You may have been able to fool other Hunters, but it won’t work on me. I know you’re one of the Black Dragon Guild’s elite assassins.”

	Umm… The Sword Star seemed to be having a grave misunderstanding.

	I don’t know if I like it or not.

	Anyhow, it worked out for me. It looked like he was going to kill me even if I didn’t mention his grandchildren, but I really had no idea how he mistook a Class F Hunter for an elite assassin.

	“Ha! How despicable. You just won’t drop the act, will you?” The Sword Star sneered at me, carefully watching my reaction. “I already said you can’t fool my eyes!”

	I highly doubted that I had the face of an assassin, but his contempt for me looked sincere.

	At this point, I had to ask.

	“Umm, sir. This is a genuine question… Why do you think I’m an elite assassin? I think I look pretty ordinary.”

	“Shut up.” The Sword Star drew his sword. “I have many Skills, but one in particular got me through many crises. It tells me how many humans my opponent has killed. “

	What? It took me a few extra seconds to understand him. Ah, I killed Yoo Soo-Ha.

	Yes, I had hunted Yoo Soo-Ha today. Although I had done it because I knew what kind of monster he would turn out to be, people in this generation didn’t know that, so I was just a killer to them.

	Murder was a lot more common inside the Tower than it was in the outside world… but it was still a crime. In other words, the number 1 must be floating above my head in the Sword Star’s eyes, signifying Yoo Soo-Ha’s death. It was understandable that the Sword Star was vigilant of me.

	“I understand, Mr. Sword Star.”

	“Hmmm.”

	“Your vigilance is completely valid, but please hear my excuse first. Although I can’t tell you everything, I swear to God that I did it for a very important reason.”

	I meant my every word, but it seemed to send the Sword Star in an odd direction. My sincere explanation made the Sword Star’s face contort.

	“You devil.”

	“Say what?”

	“Your nonsense disgusts me. I can’t say my hands are spotless… but I never slaughtered so many people as you!”

	The increasingly chaotic situation left me bewildered.

	“Wait a minute, sir. What do you mean by slaughter? I killed only one person in my entire life.”

	“You just don’t know what shame is, do you?” The Sword Star pointed his sword at me. “I can see the number 4091 above your head!”

	My head was going blank. “What are you…”

	I stopped—my tongue froze mid-sentence when I realized where the number 4091 came from.

	Ah.

	One of them was because I had killed Yoo Soo-Ha, and the rest was…

	…it’s the number of times I killed myself.

	“Brace yourself, devil! I don’t know if the Black Dragon Witch sent you or someone else, but I will not hold back anything!”

	In the Sword’s Star’s eyes, I was the killer of the century, the murderer of 4091 people.

	No, this isn’t a matter of whether or not I can copy the Sword Star’s Skill anymore!

	A shiver ran down my spine as I realized that the problem was a lot bigger than I had thought.

	The Sword Star is going to kill me whenever he sees me!

	Right—to him, I was a despicable human butcherer, and a virus like me should be eliminated as soon as possible.

	“Wa-wait!” I extended my arm. “Please, hold on…!”

	The Sword Star swung his sword at me.

Chapter 8

The Reason He Talks To Himself (2)

	I managed to avoid the Sword Star’s attack by sheer luck.

	“Hmm?” The Sword Star raised an eyebrow. He thought I was an elite assassin, so he had been braced for a counterattack or for me to skillfully dodge his attack… But he had probably not expected that I would choose to roll on the ground like a fool.

	“M-Mr. Sword Star, wait. Please hear me out!”

	I didn’t care if I died since it was the whole reason why I had followed him down here. However, I wanted to avoid a needless fight next time, so I tried to figure out if there was a way to resolve the Sword Star’s misunderstanding.

	“I’m really just an ordinary Class F Hunter—”

	“You are indeed an elite assassin!” the Sword Star confidently declared. “You dodged my sword!”

	“Come on! Do you have a hearing problem, old man?!”

	The misunderstanding only grew, which was quite a problem. Again, I only managed to dodge his attack because I had been lucky. I still didn’t even know which direction he had swung his sword.

	I’ll never be able to dodge his next attack with my physical abilities!

	I embraced my death, wondering if I had to give up on persuading the Sword Star as I watched him slowly approach me.

	Suddenly, he came to a stop.

	Huh? I thought. Is he going to hear me out?

	He was not. The Sword Star wasn’t looking at me, he was frowning at the empty air. I glanced up in the sky to see if a mosquito was flying around, but, as I expected, there was nothing there.

	“…I told you I’ll take care of it,” the Sword Star said to the air. “…Be quiet. What do you mean, capture and interrogate him? This kind of devil doesn’t deserve to live…”

	What?

	He was talking to himself again. The Sword Star had looked like he was ready to kill me right away, but he lowered his sword for some reason, postponing my imminent death.

	I narrowed my eyes… Is he talking to himself because of his Skill?

	Yes, that might be it. Although I had assumed at the pub that he was just mentally ill, now that I got a closer look at him, I noticed that his mumbling was a little too elaborate. The Sword Star actually seemed to be talking to someone.

	Is his Skill telepathy? Then… is he telling other people about me?

	Another shiver ran down my spine. I knew that telepathy was an actual Skill in the Tower, which made my theory entirely possible.

	He’s telling other people that he found a guy who slaughtered 4091 people?

	That would guarantee me a spot in the Hunter Management Bureau’s wanted list. Though the Bureau rarely put people on their wanted list, everyone on it was practically kill-on-sight. They would be hunted by all of the major guilds and High Rankers so they could be publicly executed in Babylon’s plaza.

	I can’t let that happen. I clenched my teeth. I need to die right now!

	I had to go back twenty-four hours so none of this would ever happen, eliminating the possibility of the worst possible future coming true. I glared at the Sword Star. He was still talking to himself.

	“…Forget it. My mind is set. Even if you’re my teacher…”

	I was still unsure if the Sword Star was mentally ill or was actually talking to someone… but I had to prevent the worst-case scenario.

	“How are your grandchildren?” I asked.

	The Sword Star stopped talking and slowly turned toward me.

	“I heard that it’s quite dangerous in the outside world nowadays. You must be so worried about your adorable grandchildren.”

	His blue eyes were still as the ocean depths.

	“Your family used to be famous back in Northern Europe, right? Isn’t that the type of family that terrorists usually love? Who knows? Your grandchildren might have already been murd—”

	It sounded like a ripe apple was cut in half.

	Huh? At first, I couldn’t understand what the sound was. I was watching the Sword Star the entire time, so I was certain that he hadn’t moved an inch; he was just standing there with his wrinkled lips pursed. Where could that sound have come from?

	While I was still processing, the world gradually tilted. The Sword Star was standing straight, but the half-moon in the night sky was turned upside down so that it looked like a little boat. The waxing moon was waning, leaving only an old man on the horizon.

	The Sword Star continued to look at me with blue eyes that resembled the starry night. Now I understood why he was called the Sword Star.

	Ah.

	And I realized that it wasn’t the ground that had turned upside down. My head had been cut off, and it was falling to the ground.

	It’s beautiful.

	It only took one slash. Even though I couldn’t follow his movement, I got to see the world cut in half afterward, and I thought it was beautiful.

	After a moment, I hit something. I felt light-headed, and my ears were numb. I couldn’t hear anything; it took me a little longer to realize that my head had hit the ground. By that point… I couldn’t see anything.

	[You have died.]

	What kind of Skills did he have? How long did he train to reach his current level?

	[It has been determined that your death met the requirement for the Skill activation.]

	It felt completely different from the time I had been killed by the Fire Emperor… I felt betrayed by the Fire Emperor, so I wanted to get revenge. But I didn’t with the Sword Star; it was the opposite.

	I want to be like him.

	I envied him.

	I want to reach his level.

	It was just like the times before I knew the true colors of Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor.

	I want to be like him!

	Jealousy, obsession, yearning… an endless stream of desires rushed over me. A voice answered my burning emotions.

	[Duplicating Hunter Marcus Carlenbery’s Skills at random.]

	Skill Cards arose in the dark world.

	[Creating Skill Cards]

	I could only see the back of the cards; maybe it was to hide which Skills the cards had.

	Well, I can see the colors more clearly than when I was killed by the Fire Emperor.

	Perhaps I’d gotten used to dying. Just like what the Sword Star’s kill count Skill said, I had already died 4090 times. I was certain that no Hunter would be more used to dying than I was.

	That isn’t particularly something to be proud of. I smiled bitterly.

	[Choose a Skill Card.]

	The Skill Cards began to fly through the air.

	Whoa! It caught me by surprise, but I swiftly pulled myself together and focused on the cards. I don’t need anything else. Gold! I must pick a golden Skill Card!

	They were so fast that it was impossible to keep track of them.

	Oh my god.

	The Skill Cards had been quick even when I had been killed by the Fire Emperor. How had I actually picked a golden Skill Card? I realized once again how incredibly lucky I was.

	Who knows? I might get lucky this time too! Now, where are you, golden card? Gold Skill Card!

	But something was weird.

	Huh?

	No matter how hard I looked, I couldn’t see it.

	There… is no golden Skill Card.

	Among the flying Skill Cards, there were shit-colored Skill Cards, along with some silver ones. However, I couldn’t find a single Skill Card that was shining with golden light. I looked around several times, unable to believe my eyes, but there was still none. I was left with only one answer.

	N-no way. He seriously doesn’t have any?

	My jaw dropped to the ground.

	* * *

	Impossible! I wanted to scream. He’s the Rank 1 Hunter. He was a legend before the Fucker came around. How can the Sword Star not have a single Class S Skill?

	It was hard to believe this horrifying, shocking news, but it was the truth. My Skill showed me that Marcus Carlenbery, the Sword Star, reigned as the number one Hunter without any Class S Skills.

	No, no! It can’t be!

	I chose to deny the reality presented to me.

	There must be an ultimate cheat Skill Card among the silver ones!

	Some may think I was desperate and would no doubt call me a loser for trying to reject the truth. Anyhow, I glared at the cards with feverish eyes.

	Three shit-colored cards, and four silver cards.

	A total of seven cards flew chaotically in the air.

	I’ll ignore the shit-colored ones.

	It was a reasonable choice. The problem now was picking which silver Skill Card to get! These cards would probably include the Sword Star’s kill count Skill and the mysterious, overpowered skill. I wanted his overpowered Skill, obviously, which would be as good as the Fire Emperor’s time regression Skill, not a Skill of questionable usefulness like his kill count.

	I have a one in four chance!

	It all would come down to my luck.

	Please! Please, please! Come on, Sword Star’s overpowered Skill!

	I snatched a silver-colored card from the air.

	[You have chosen a Skill Card.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	I gasped and immediately sat up.

	My “luxurious” seven-square-meter studio welcomed me with the moldy smell of my long unwashed comforter. Unfortunately, I couldn’t afford to look around.

	“D-did I get it?”

	I checked my Hunter Status Window first to see if I won my gamble.

	Name: Kim Gong-Ja.

	Class: F

	Skill (3/4)

	1. I Want To Be Like You(S+): Passive

	2. Returner’s Clockwork(EX): Passive

	3. Sword Constellation(A+): Passive

	4. Empty

	“Ah…” I groaned, both happy and lamenting. “Well, at least I managed to pick a Class A+ Skill…”

	Although it wasn’t a Class S Skill, the good news was that I had picked the best Skill I could get from what was given. I could consider myself lucky that I had managed not to get a questionably useful Skill like the Sword Star’s kill count.

	“…It’s a passive Skill.”

	And then I lamented for my failure to get a high-level combat Skill. I was trying to get a combat Skill—a rare martial art, swordplay, a Skill that would awaken my aura… Most of those abilities were bound to be active Skills.

	I sighed. “Come to think of it, I’m just whining about my blessing…”

	Numerous low-Class Hunters would go nuts if they heard me complaining even though I’d received a Class A+ Skill. I decided to be optimistic and focus on the Skills I had.

	“Show me my Skill Cards.”

	The Skill Cards floated before my eyes.

	I Want To Be Like You (S+)

	Returner’s Clockwork(EX)

	Sword Constellation(A+)

	I had no idea what kind of Skill “Sword Constellation” was based on its name.

	“Well, I Want To Be Like You does sound strange too.”

	I couldn’t really tell whether I’d received a shitty Skill or a jackpot based on the name. I consoled myself with the possibility that maybe it was a great Skill and grabbed the silver Skill Card.

	—Ah, why is it so noisy around here?

	A voice I shouldn’t have been able to hear echoed.

	—Gramps, I already told you this several times. Listen to your teacher, please. If you want to go out and train at night, do it quietly. When you move, I automatically follow you, so you don’t need to bother waking me up. Have some manners, okay?

	I slowly turned toward the voice. In the corner of my comforter—which was small even for me on my own—was a man who resembled a bull with his back to me. His form was faint, but he was definitely there.

	I felt goosebumps rising on my skin. “Excuse me. Who are you?”

	—Huh?

	Then I met the mysterious man’s eyes.
