“Do you prefer to be kissed while tied up? You could have told me sooner. I might have taken it into consideration from time to time.”

“After a certain point, I’ll no longer be me.”

After the Inquisitor’s immersion level had approached one hundred percent, he had been completely consumed by the role of Lady Goldencup. Despite that, his hair had still kept growing. That was when I realized the perfect solution to clear this stage the way I wanted.

“Then, you should kill me.”

Lady Silver Lily came to a halt.

Chapter 107

1DAYS (2)

Lady Silver Lily didn’t react for a while.

“What?”

“Think about it. You’ll be able to tell exactly what I’m thinking of right now since you’re a regressor like me.”

Lady Silver Lily placed her chin on her hand, eyebrows furrowed as she fell into thought. Soon after, her eyebrows rose in realization. “I see.”

“Right.” I knew she would figure it out.

“But, Gong-Ja, it’s dangerous. This is no different from gambling.”

“That’s why we’ve practically won already. This is an error made by the Tower. We’re in an extremely advantageous position, so all we have to do is point the error out.”

“…There is one more problem.” Lady Silver Lily glared at me. “I won’t be able to remember you.”

“It’s okay. I’ll solve it, whatever that takes. But, if I can no longer leave this world on my own, please help me say ‘Send me back.’ That’s all I ask, Raviel,” I said. “Please trust me.”

Lady Silver Lily was silent for a while.

“Okay.” She came closer. “I became your first asshole, so you’ll be my last asshole as well. Life has a way of giving back what you put in.”

Lady Silver Lily grabbed my chin. “I ended up with a real bad boy for a lover.”

And then she kissed me. I quietly received Lady Silver Lily’s breath.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 83%.]

During the last try, something strange had stood out to me as soon as I saw the Inquisitor after he had been consumed by the role of Lady Goldencup,

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 84%.]

Why had his Divine Formula: Transformation still been active?

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 85%.]

It was strange. The Inquisitor could freely change his appearance using his Divine Formulas, even grow his hair. However, the Inquisitor was the one who owned the formulas. By no means did they belong to Lady Goldencup.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 86%.]

However, the traces of the Inquisitor’s Divine Formula: Transformation still lingered, leading to only one conclusion.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 87%.]

Even if we were consumed by our roles, our Skills didn’t disappear. Lady Goldencup still had the Inquisitor’s Skills. However, she no longer used them because she’d forgotten how.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 88%.]

And so would I.

As my immersion level approached ninety percent, I felt a dizzying torrent of memories from the original owner of this body. Until now, I had only caught glimpses of his memories or shared his emotions. But it was different now.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 89%.]

My memories were fading away. The orphanage director sometimes used to gather us together and read me and the other children the Chronicles of the Eastern Zhou Kingdoms, but I couldn’t remember the director’s voice anymore. The memory of not wanting to go to the bathroom in the winter because that was so cold. The laughter of the older sisters and brothers who sometimes came back to the orphanage to play with us…

—Hey! Kim ■Ja! What the fuck are yo■ ■ng!

[■■ pleads yo■ to st■ right now!]

Even the voices of the Guardian and the holy sword grew distant.

“Are you okay?”

Only Lady Silver Lily’s voice was clear.

“Yes… It’s okay… For now… More.”

“Are you asking me to kiss you more? My lover is such a baby.”

I was out of breath.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 90%.]

Despite my dizziness, I forced my eyes open and peered at the mirror reflecting the two of us.

Name: Kim Gong-Ja

Affection: 9■

Liked ■res: Murim, romance, mystery, adventure

Dis■ genre: No■

Liked characters: Teacher, lover, no■ heroes, altruists, ■ workers, children, good people, s■f-reflective people, ge■ ous people, people who understand ■.

Something… Something was overwriting my existence.

“How about now? Are you okay?”

“Raviel…”

I was scared.

“I love you. I love you, Raviel…”

“I know.”

“Even when I’m born again, I’ll love you. I’ll never forget you, even if I die…”

“I know that as well.”

Our lips met.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 91%.]

My memories disappeared.

Na■: Kim Gong-Ja

Affect■: 9■

Liked ■■: Murim, romance, ■■, ■ture

■■ ■■: No■

Liked ■■■: Teacher, lover, ■■ heroes, altruists, ■ ■ers, ■■ren, good people, ■■-reflective peo■, ge■ous ■ple, peo■ who understand ■.

My identity became faint.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 92%.]

A cheap dagger.

It doesn’t even have a sheath, but whatever.

That was my beginning.

This is the limit of what I could buy.

And it was my limit.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 93%.]

The small room. The tattered walls. The newspapers and photos.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 94%.]

The handsome man with a ponytail stood holding a spear engulfed in flames.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 95%.]

The internet. The alley.

“But you know I’m—.”

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 96%.]

I was burning. The mansion was burning.

“You’re kind, Mister.”

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 97%.]

On the day when red rain fell heavily, someone shivered in the field of acacia flowers, shouting, “I—! I didn’t know!”

On the acacia flower field…

■■: ■ Gong-Ja

■■■: 9■

■■ ■■: Murim, romance, ■■, ■■

■■ ■■: No■

■■ ■■■: Teacher, lover, ■■■ ■■, altrui■■, ■■■, ■■ren, good ■■, ■■■ ■■■, ■■■ ■■, ■■ ■ under■ ■.

The snow. The snowfield.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 98%.]

The red peony.

■■: ■■■

■■■: ■■

■■ ■■: Mu■, ■■ce, ■■, ■■

■■ ■■: ■■

■■ ■■■: Teacher, lover, ■■■ ■■, ■■■, ■■■, ■■ren, ■ ■■, ■■■ ■■■, ■■■ ■■, ■■ ■ ■■ ■.

So… someone had said.

—I’m going to teach him how to be happy!

I…

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 99%.]

Who was I?

■■: ■■■

■■■: ■■

■■ ■■: ■■, ■■■, ■■, ■■

■■ ■■: ■■

■■ ■■■: ■cher, lo■, ■■■ ■■, ■■■, ■■■, ■■ren, ■ ■■, ■■■ ■■■, ■■■ ■■, ■■ ■ ■■ ■.

It was…

—■■ ■ ■■■■! ■, ■, ■■■!

[■■■■ ■■■■ ■■ ■■■■■■.]

It was noisy. My head buzzed as if it were filled with bees. My vision was blurry… A mirror? Why was there a mirror in front of me? Where was I?

“Are you okay?”

I stared toward where the voice came from. My eyes were blurry, but the person in front of me had an overwhelming presence. I knew who this person was.

“Gong-Ja.”

Raviel Ivansia. She was the young heir of the Duke of Ivansia.

“I asked if you were okay.”

She was also the love rival of my master, Lady Goldencup.

“What…?” I tried to move and then realized that I was tied up. I couldn’t budge even a little bit. As soon as I realized that, I snapped back into reality. “Oh my god. My lord, did you kidnap me? You’ve gone too far. I’m aware that the duke is so powerful that he can blind the eyes of heaven, but this is too far. Do you hate Lady Goldencup that much? Is that why you’re threatening me, her butler?”

The silver-haired woman looked down at me quietly. When I saw her face, my heart ached for some reason.

“I see.” She looked sad. “So that’s how that is.”

It was said that all of the poison in the empire came from her heart and that all the evil schemes in the empire came from her head. Although these were somewhat malicious rumors, there was some truth in them. But the very Lady Silver Lily in front of me looked plaintive.

“I thought I didn’t have a heart left to feel hurt, but this certainly hurts. Didn’t you say that your martial arts are to prove your life through pain? If so, be happy. Your sword has torn my heart apart.”

“What are you talking about…?”

I couldn’t understand what Lady Silver Lily was saying, nor what I was feeling, either. Why did my heart ache so much? Had she drugged me when she kidnapped me? However, I was well-versed in various poisons after years of serving Lady Goldencup, and I had never heard of such symptoms.

“Gong-Ja.”

My heart pounded hard. Why?

“…Who are you looking for?”

“My lover. He’s the man who offered me his heart and the one I will give mine.”

She was probably talking about the crown prince, but her red eyes reflected nothing but me, confusing me even more.

“M-my lord.”

It was strange. Why was I breaking into cold sweat when I just called her ‘my lord’? After all, she was undeniably the heir apparent of her house.

“Gong-Ja.”

What? It was like I’d done something very wrong. I felt like I’d committed a sin that I would have to spend eternity apologizing for.

“I’ll kill you if you scar my heart.”

I gasped for breath. The piercing voices I didn’t know were wrecking my head. I felt like I was going to go crazy. Was I hearing things because I was drugged? Was that why sweat was running down my neck and my heart was throbbing so hard?

“Gong-Ja.”

I couldn’t answer. Lady Silver Lily was pulling out her rapier. That wasn’t a good sign. I had to say something to stop her.

“Go.”

But I couldn’t say anything back.

[The Silver-Plated Heart looks at you.]

“I’ll be waiting for you.”

My heart was skewered. I screamed. Soon, my blood poured out, blocking my esophagus. My last breath in this world dissipated quickly. Lady Silver Lily covered my mouth with her lips just as the blood was about to spill out of my mouth.

The world around me grew dark. Killing me meant that the lady was finally starting her attack against Lady Goldencup. I couldn’t die, I was Lady Goldencup’s shield. This was an emergency.

However, the last thought that came to my mind wasn’t about Lady Goldencup. It wasn’t about anything but those red eyes Lady Silver Lily was staring at me with.

[The Silver-Plated Heart loves you.]

I wanted to wipe away the tears that were flowing out from them.

[You have died.]

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

[…]

[Error.]

[The owner and the subject of the Skill are different.]

[Determining whether to rewind twenty-four hours from the Skill owner’s perspective or from the Skill subject’s perspective.]

[Unable to determine.]

The world around me grew dark.

[The Tower has determined that the Skill’s activation requirement was not met.]

[The Tower has confirmed that the Skill owner has deliberately caused the current situation in order to make an inquiry.]

[The Death King’s inquiry exceeds the Tower’s authorization level.]

Everything became distant.

[Checking the Death King’s authorization level.]

[Passed.]

[The Death King temporarily owns the authorization level of an apostle.]

[Temporary authorization granted by: Hamustra.]

[The Tower has conceded the Death King’s inquiry to be a formal agenda.].

[The Tower has requested the Six Pillars of All Life to convene for a majority vote.]

A wave of white light swept over me.

* * *

I had never been in a place like this before. In the darkness, I didn’t even have a body; I was floating in the air.

[Identifying the participants.]

Only the whispering voice disturbed the endless darkness.

[The Sixth Pillar, Primordial Staff, has joined the meeting.]

[The Fifth Pillar, Mirage-Walking Princess, has joined the meeting]

[The Fourth Pillar, Bystanding Moon of Blind Faith, has joined the meeting.]

[The Third Pillar, Legislator of the Beginning, has joined the meeting.]

[The Second Pillar, Void-Dancing God, has joined the meeting.]

[The participation of the Six Pillars of All Life has been confirmed.]

[The Tower has shared the agenda raised by Temporary Apostle, Death King.]

[All participants have received the agenda.]

—Tchuba—ta, Mura waloyo Bushi—to!

The new voices sounded very angry.

—Sato, mai—mau.

—Nail!

The voices came from everywhere, writhing in my ears like the whisperings of an unfathomable number of snakes. Wondering if this place was hell, I couldn’t help but cower.

[The request to translate Zrakuan has been accepted.]

The next moment, a thunderous roar burst out.

—… That shithole is playing with us now! Get Hamustra’s ass in here! That bastard Indoor Librarian, why the hell would he send that kind of rascal as his apostle!

—I checked, but there was no problem with the procedure. Anyhow, that kid won’t be able to understand a word we say. I think it’s best to reset… what was it… something called “immersion level” before we start talking.

—Mia! Dial it back down!

[The request to reset the Death King’s immersion level has been accepted.]

[Your immersion level is 0%.]

I finally managed to catch my breath. The dizziness stopped. The words I had said while almost consumed by the role of the butler, how Lady Silver Lily looked at me… All of my memories returned in an instant.

—You deliberately immersed yourself into the character and then used your regression Skill so you could go back twenty four hours from your character’s perspective, didn’t you?!

And I was certain that I had succeeded. I suppressed a smile.

Yes, that’s right. Please send me back.

The day when the Lady Silver Lily had raised her sword and stabbed her heart in the mirror, the eternal ten days began—I was trying to go back twenty-four hours before that very day.

Chapter 108

1DAYS (3)

—That shameless bastard……!

Beyond the darkness, a person I didn’t know gritted their teeth. Unlike before, I could understand everything they were saying because they were being translated.

—Easy, kid. I can see some of the fragments from your Padaque years.

But their voices were still unclear, like a song from a broken radio. At one point, the voices seemed to drift away on their own, and then suddenly came from right next to my ears.

—Anger and jealousy aren’t going to help us at all.

—I’ll kill him!

—You’re the Death King, correct? It’s been a long time since we had two meetings because of one person. How long has that been since the Constellation Murderer?”

—The connection between the two is also growing stronger. Is this also a coincidence?

—… This is quite a problem.

All of the small talk and banter ceased when that emotionless voice spoke.

—If the immersion level were one hundred percent, then we could just send you back a day from the butler’s perspective. If it were below ninety percent, then we could do it from yours. But it had to be ninety-nine percent.

I had heard that voice before.

—This is tricky. Whose side should we take?

It belonged to the Tower’s master.

I think, I cautiously ventured, a day should be rewinded from the butler’s perspective.

—Convince us.

First of all, you can see the numbers. An immersion level of ninety-nine percent means that “I” am only one percent and “the butler” is the rest. Since the butler has an overwhelming share of control, the matter should be viewed from his perspective.

—Yes, but Returner’s Clockwork is your Skill. You, the Death King, own it. A Skill can only be used by those who possess it.

It was too dark to see anything, but I could feel a gaze scanning my face.

—Shouldn’t you be the one who regresses?

I hesitated.

—Don’t be too nervous. It’s just a question.

Although the voice sounded kind, it was a considerate gesture that I couldn’t accept. Every word the Tower’s master said made me feel like a long snake was crawling up my neck.

…I think you’re only considering one side of the situation.

—Hmmm?

Please think from the butler’s perspective. The butler and I fought over who would have the body throughout the stage, and I was consumed by the butler. He defeated me fair and square. As a trophy, he took my Skill, so Returner’s Clockwork is now the butler’s Skill.”

—Ohhh…

The serpent-like voice shook for some reason. I realized a moment later that it was laughter.

—You have a point. Yes, it’s just like how you duplicated the Fire Emperor’s Skill. I wondered who would win if two regressors fought each other, but you went back to the point before he had his Returner’s Clockwork. That surprised me. No, all of us, actually.

The Tower’s master, the absolute, sounded perfectly polite and gentle. I could almost believe that that was how they were around everyone. It made me even more uneasy.

—That was incredible. You could have just chosen to run away from the Fire Emperor’s eyes, but you didn’t. Why is that?

Those who had been silent broke their silence to answer the question of the Tower’s master.

—Because he wanted revenge. That bastard never forgot how the Fire Emperor burned him to death even after he died. That’s why he chased the Fire Emperor until he finally killed the bastard. Still, dying 4050 times? You’d be able to kill someone with spite alone.

[The Bystanding Moon of Blind Faith curses you.]

—It’s because of his sense of justice. The Fire Emperor killed many people and would have killed many more. The Death King couldn’t let the killing spree go on. That is what motivated him. Yes, he’s a righteous man.

[The Mirage-Walking Princess blesses you.]

—Yes, that’s right. Sometimes he stabbed himself in the neck out of the desire to get revenge, just as there were times that he did it to carry out justice, the Tower’s master agreed with that serpent-like voice of theirs. However, the desire for revenge and a sense of justice are both common. But what amazes me is…

Someone else completed the sentence.

—… It was the only way to defeat the Fire Emperor completely.

[The Legislator of the Beginning has quietly concluded.]

—Yes. The Tower’s master laughed. Your heart is raw and hot like fire, Death King, but you have a cunning mind. You always seek a way to win a complete victory. That’s why I’m looking forward to hearing your answer. Have you come prepared with logic that will convince us completely?

Everything I had done so far was for this moment. I couldn’t back down here.

Yes, I have.

—Go on.

I… We did nothing wrong, I said toward where the serpent-like voice seemed to coil. This is an error made entirely from the Tower’s end. The problem, to begin with, is that it’s difficult to judge whether to rewind a day around from the butler’s perspective or mine. If the Tower were perfect, we wouldn’t be dealing with this question in the first place.

—Yes, I admit the error. What now?

We’re the victims of the error, so please compensate us. I tried to maintain my confidence as I continued, And if it weren’t for us, you wouldn’t have even known that there was an error, right? Please reward us for our discovery.

After a moment of silence…

—Rude.

[The Void-Dancing God glares at you.]

—Why don’t you change your attitude before I dice up your existence, you bastard?

[The Bystanding Moon of Blind Faith wants to kill you.]

I could sense the boiling anger in those voices.

—Enough.

But when the Tower’s master spoke, everyone else fell silent again.

—Interesting… Yes, it’s interesting that you don’t doubt that I’ll compensate and even reward you for this matter. Why? Why should I do that? I could just turn a blind eye.

I meted out my next words with extreme care.

That’s because… you always wish us luck.

Every time a stage was cleared, Hunters heard a voice.

[Those of you who climb the Tower, may luck be with you.]

That was all—but clearly, someone was rooting for us.

You’re an absolute being, but you don’t mock or despise me and the other Hunters. You don’t press us with a certain task. If Hunters want to stay on the first floor, they can stay there forever. When they want to get to the higher floors, you wish them luck, and just ask them to be careful.

The Tower’s master provided a haven for those who wanted to rest and wished good luck to those who took on the challenge.

That wasn’t all.

The children of the Infernal Mansion. The Demon King who made the red rain. The peony, forever lonely in the snowfield. The heart that repeated the never-ending ten days.

All of the people you allocated a floor of the Tower are lonely and sad. You built the Tower by gathering only those whose lives ended or would end in tragedy. You are kind.

I believed that the Tower’s master was kind.

You never interfere with our fights and murders because you respect our freedom. However, I’m certain that you’ll compensate for any damage caused by the Tower’s errors.

That was the Tower’s responsibility, not ours.

Thank you for building the Tower.

—…

I didn’t get to say this the last time, but I’ve wanted to tell you all along: if the Tower didn’t exist, I would have lived like trash in the outside world anyway. Oh, no, I actually lived like trash even after entering the Tower…

I had lived wrongly, but I was able to turn my life around.

Without you… I wouldn’t have been able to go back over four thousand days on my own. Never. You called that the desire to get revenge and a sense of justice… But I only managed to endure that because someone was watching over me. That’s all. I bowed. Thank you.

I bowed deeper. I mean it. Thank you.

There was a long silence.

—Yeah, someone whispered. I like him.

[The Mirage-Walking Princess has a good feeling about you.]

—Me too. It’s been so long since I’ve seen a human come here and express gratitude that I can’t even remember. Oh, has there ever been one? Maybe he’s the first.

[The Primordial Staff has a good feeling about you.]

—… For some reason, kids these days are hostile to us from the start. It’s a cruel world, and they need someone to blame. I think that’s why.

[The Void-Dancing God has a good feeling about you.]

—Ha. They just don’t want to acknowledge superior beings.

[The Bystanding Moon of Blind Faith looks at you with displeasure.]

And then the laughter of the Tower’s master rang out.

—Yeah, he has a certain cute charm. I’m merely a mirror, Death King, if I appear kind, it’s because of your own kindness.

The voice was still like a serpent, but I felt like the Tower’s master was smiling.

—Please state your desired compensation.

I wish to return to twenty-four hours ago from the butler’s perspective.

—And what reward do you wish for?

Lady Silver Lily… My heart raced from tension. Please protect my lover’s memories.

—I see. The Tower’s master giggled. You know, you could ask for an amazing Skill as a reward. After all, you’re receiving a reward for discovering the Tower’s error, so it should be generous. Shall I upgrade your Returner’s Clockwork?

It was a tempting offer.

—You’ll be able to rewind time however you want, not just one day. Or how about upgrading Monster Legion Reincarnation? You’ll be able to command a legion that not only has their memories but also their abilities from before their death.

I don’t need it. I kneeled down. Please.

And I politely placed my forehead on the ground in the direction of the voice. I want to share my life with the person I love.

I felt a very slow caress on my head.

—Death King.

[Ending the meeting.]

—May luck be with you.

[May luck be with you.]

* * *

[Adjusting your immersion level.]

[Your immersion level is 99%.]

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

The first thing I felt when I opened my eyes was the scent of spring flowers wafting in from the window. I was dazed, as if I had been dreaming for a long time.

“Ah.”

A voice that seemed both unfamiliar and familiar came from nearby.

“You’re finally awake, Butler. You had quite a long nap.”

It was Lady Goldencup. She was my master.

“…My lady?”

“Yes, it’s your one and only lady.” Lady Goldencup chuckled.

Was my reaction amusing? She was looking at me with a big smile, her eyes open just slightly.

She was now familiar with life in the capital; anyone who saw her would think she was indeed a noble young lady. There was no trace of the tomboy she had been known as when she was in her homeland. I couldn’t help but feel saddened by that. Of course, she was the same as before. It was just her appearance that had become more elegant than before.

…What was it?

“I got back from the dinner with His Highness, and you were sitting in that chair, sleeping. It’s a little rude to fall asleep on your own before your master returns, but I decided to let that slide because you looked cute when you were asleep.”

“My lady…”

“Huh? You look like you’re about to cry. Did you have a nightmare?”

A nightmare? Was that it? Did I have a nightmare? An inexplicable sense of frustration weighed heavily on my chest. It felt like I had forgotten something very important. The harder I tried to recall it, the further away the memory got. I felt like I was never going to get it back.

To shake off that feeling, I changed the subject.

“Did you… Did you enjoy your dinner with His Highness?”

“Yes, I enjoyed it quite a bit. Hear me out, Butler. His Highness gave me an azure coral ring today!”

Lady Goldencup smiled brightly. Azure coral was the name of a gem. It wasn’t worth much, but it was often used in the southern part of the empire while proposing to a lover.

“We were in the cafeteria, so all of the young ladies and lords were watching us. But he did it anyway! Seriously, His Highness is a fool, but he knows how to please people. I wonder what kind of expression the Lady of Ivansia will make when she hears this news!”

I suddenly couldn’t breathe.

“Lady of Ivansia…”

“Ah, you’re curious too, aren’t you?”

What could it be? What exactly was it? My heart nearly beat out of my throat.

“Raviel…”

Lady Goldencup looked dumbfounded. “Butler, it’s a bit much to address the young lady by her first name… even if there are only the two of us here. Be polite. I sometimes feel like you’re more ignorant of the capital’s etiquette than I am…”

—■■■, ■■ ■ ■■■. ■■. ■■ ■■■ ■ ■■ ■■■■!

[■■■■ ■■■■ ■■■■.]

At that moment, my head rang.

“My lady…” In pain, I grabbed my head. “Don’t you hear that?”

“Hear what?” Lady Goldencup tilted her head. “What are you talking about?”

“I’m not really sure either. It sounds like someone is shouting…”

“Oh, Butler. I thought it was a joke at first, but now I’m starting to get worried. Where exactly does it hurt? Do you have a fever? Do you want me to take you to the infirmary?”

“…No. I’m sorry for saying strange things.” I got up from my chair. “I think I have a slight headache. It’s not a cold… I’ll go outside for a bit to get some fresh air. Would that be okay, my lady?”

“Ah, yes, go ahead.” Lady Goldencup looked worried. “Shall I go with you?”

“No. It’s really okay…”

—■Gong■ ■ Fu■■! ■■ ■■! ■ ■■ ■!

“…It’s really okay. Yes. I think it’ll get better after a stroll.”

“Okay, you can go, but don’t stay out too late.”

“I won’t. Thank you.” I left her room and made my way out of the dormitory.

The white magnolias were in full bloom and lit up the night like miniature moons. But even after I went out to the garden, my anxiety didn’t subside.

“It happened when I wasn’t a regressor yet.”

I walked.

“The crown prince and Lady Goldencup saw their love come into bloom.”

I walked like a sleepwalker in a dream.

“I was so angry that I prayed to the sword passed down in my family. I said ‘Please let my love last forever.’ And then, my life became eternal.”

At the end of my aimless walk, to my surprise, there was the huge villa where the heir apparent of the Duke of Ivansia stayed. I had passed by the place before but had never voluntarily gone there. The place had nothing to do with me.

“My heart has been fixed on that day.”

That was how that was supposed to be. Why did I come here?

Let’s go back to where my master is waiting. I should go back, I thought as I tried to turn. I have to go back.

For some reason, I couldn’t. Even though I thought I should go back, I kept walking forward until my hands pushed the iron gate.

I had no problem opening the gate. There were no guards. It was really strange.

Maybe I was still trapped in a dream—that would explain everything, like the fact that I opened the gate with ease and crossed the garden uninterrupted. My heart ached for no reason at the sight of the blooming cherry trees and magnolias in the garden.

I had never been invited to the heir apparent’s residence, but somehow I knew the place so well that I made my way through the premises quite naturally and found her at the end of the hallway.

“You’re here.”

“I’ll be waiting for you.”

She even gave me a small smile. “I’ve been waiting for you.”

All of this could be explained if I was still trapped in a dream.

Chapter 109

The Way She Loves (1)

Lady Silver Lily was standing in the hallway at midnight. Behind her, there was a huge mirror. It was a smooth, clean, full-length mirror that glittered softly with moonlight. The reflection showed only her straight back, a ray of moonlight, and her ponytail. She looked like a lonely island floating on a dark sea.

“You’re quiet, and you look troubled. You’re an open book. I can read you even at night—that’s why I can tell that this is your first time.”

First time?

My heart was palpitating with anxiety. Why was Lady Silver Lily acting so friendly? A cold and indifferent sword to everyone. The moon of the Ivansia family. She… had no reason to be kind to me, the butler of Lady Goldencup. There should be no reason.

“…I kept my silence because I didn’t know what to say. If I was rude, please forgive me. My lord, am I… dreaming? Did you appear in my dream?”

My question drew a smile from Lady Silver Lily, but it was strange—it felt like a scar.

“That’s an interesting question,” she replied. “Yes, your dream swallowed up my life. I now realize that love is dedicating your life to someone else’s dream.”

What was she talking about?

“Now I’m your dream, and you’re my life. We call this exchange of our dreams and lives our love.”

What was she talking about? I truly didn’t understand. There were many other things I didn’t know.

Lady Silver Lily offered me that scarred smile again. “But I don’t think you meant that in such a romantic way, so I’ll give you a serious answer. If you’re wondering because the servants aren’t there, don’t worry. I sent them away.”

“Why—”

“And I warn you, never call me ‘my lord’ with that mouth again.” Lady Silver Lily smiled. “I’ll cut out your heart.”

I couldn’t understand anything. Lady Silver Lily had just expressed hostility toward me. Her threat to kill me was absolutely not empty; if I called her “my lord” one more time, her rapier would surely pierce my heart. Yes, that was what would happen, but… why did her threat feel so warm, not cold? Could a death threat feel this comforting?

“Come here.” She only used her voice, but I couldn’t resist her as if she were pulling me toward her. As I approached Lady Silver Lily, she pointed at the full-length mirror. “What do you see?”

“…I see you standing next to me.”

“And?”

“The moonlight… barely reaches the dark hallway, so I can’t really see anything except you and me. Everything is dark.”

“And?” Lady Silver Lily asked.

It was odd—she was expecting another answer, as if there was still something left for me to see in the mirror. But what else could the mirror reflect?

“And what else do you see? Don’t hide anything. Tell me.”

I decided to look into the mirror a little harder. I narrowed my eyes and furrowed my brows, but even then, nothing changed.

As expected, all I can see is darkness. And her unusually red eyes…

At that moment, a piercing headache struck me, and incomprehensible words flashed before my eyes.

■■: ■■■

■■■: ■■

■■ ■■: ■■, ■■■, ■■, ■■

■■ ■■: ■■

■■ ■■■: ■er, lov■, ■■■ ■■, ■■■, ■■■, ■■■■, ■■, ■■■ ■■■ ■ ■■ ■, ■■■■ ■■■■ ■, ■■ ■■■■ ■

I felt nauseous.

—Kim■Ja ■■! Pl■ ■ ■■ ■p!

[■■■■ ■■■ y■■■■■ ■■■■!]

I reflexively wrapped my hand around my neck. The moment I did it, I felt it ache. I didn’t know why. Still, I had no choice but to leave what I didn’t know unanswered for the moment and turn my attention somewhere else.

Thank goodness I didn’t eat anything. I didn’t have to vomit. Vomiting in front of the heir apparent of the Ducal Family of Ivansia was too horrible to even imagine. I desperately suppressed my nausea.

Lady Silver Lily was calm.

“I asked what you can see.”

She was a cold person.

A bitter taste filled my mouth. “Letters… I see strange letters. And voices… Strange voices… I don’t really understand.”

“Voices, huh?” Lady Silver Lily smiled faintly. It was more like a real smile this time than the one from earlier. “You’re loved.”

“What are you talking about—”

“Tell me about those letters,” she asked, ignoring my request for an explanation.

I just stared blankly at her.

Her smile dried up. She didn’t press me, just calmly repeated, “You said that you see strange letters. Tell me about them.”

“…I can’t really read them. It’s not like I can see complete words… All I see are bits and pieces…”

“Tell me about those, then.”

“‘Er’…And ‘lov’…Other than that… I can’t see anything…”

Lady Silver Lily stroked her chin. For some reason, her eyebrows were furrowed. “I see. ‘Er’ is from ‘teacher’, and ‘lov’ is from lover. It’s very like you to leave those behind until the very end. But teacher is in front of lover? I understand why, but I don’t like it.”

“There are too many things I don’t understand. You said this wasn’t a dream, but what do you want from me, then?”

“I want you.”

“I’m sorry. I still don’t understand—”

Lady Silver Lily simply cut me off. “What did you dream about?”

Even though she’s the heir of the Ivansias… I’m still Lady Goldencup’s one and only butler… and His Highness cherishes Lady Goldencup. This kind of treatment is…

Countless thoughts tangled in my head, but none of them reached my heart or passed my lips. They just shook and then crumbled like music that had lost its rhythm.

In the end, the words my mouth formed were an obedient answer to her question.

“I don’t really remember, but in my dream… in my dream… you were looking at me, crying. I was tied to a chair in a fancy room… I was bound from head to toe, for some reason. You were the only one there, looking down at me.”

That was what I had seen just before I woke up.

“You pierced my chest with your rapier… and my heart hurt, but I don’t think that was all. In my dream, I…”

“You were…?”

“…I remember feeling very guilty.”

“Yes.” Lady Silver Lily smiled again. My stomach lurched—just seeing that smile made me feel like crying.

“It’s good that you at least know what you did,” she muttered. “Do you know why you had that dream?”

“No, I don’t understand at all…”

“It’s because that’s my trauma.”

Trauma.

“I haven’t told you this before, but my mother committed suicide.”

What? My head went completely blank.

“It happened when I was very young, so I don’t know the reason behind her suicide. She was a duchess and the moon of Ivansia, so it remains a mystery why someone with that much power and wealth would end her own life. I don’t know why, but I clearly remember what my mother whispered to me on her last night and how everyone quietly cremated her.”

This… This was… something I shouldn’t know. I wasn’t supposed to hear this. Such a terrible incident was hidden within the Ivansias? It was a tragic secret that I couldn’t even use for political maneuvering.

“But…” Lady Silver Lily looked at me. “…even that memory is no longer my trauma. I heard His Highness gave Goldencup an azure coral ring today.”

Lady Silver Lily took a step toward me.

“In the past, the news made me despair. You could say that I was angry and jealous. All of those emotions filled my heart. Cursing the world, I picked up my sword and stabbed my reflection in the heart.”

Her footfalls made no sound. Only then did I realize that she was barefoot.

“But even that is no longer my trauma.”

She stepped on my shoe; she was probably putting half her weight on it, but it was still light. I could have backed off or escaped whenever I wanted, and yet merely half of her weight held me down completely.

“The eternal ten days.” She reached her hands toward me. “The sight of my world drenched in blood as it ends, the sneering demons that mimicked my mouth—all of those things that used to scar my heart are no longer my trauma.”

The grip.

“Only you have the right to hurt my heart now.”

Her hands wrapped lightly around my neck.

“Even if the most wicked tongue in the world cursed me for two days, it wouldn’t be as bad as the sigh you unknowingly give me.”

From her little finger to her index finger—the thinnest to the thickest—I could feel every bit of the pressure she put on my neck.

“It would be easier to endure the most vicious person in the world beating and whipping me than to endure one sneer from your lips. Although countless people can kill my body, you’re the only one who can wound my soul.”

I couldn’t breathe.

“So my trauma is already decided.”

My breath was strangled.

“My lord—”

“You idiot, I warned you.”

“I’ll kill you if you scar my heart.”

“You scarred me.” Her red eyes smiled up at me, warm with fury. “I haven’t broken a promise since I was four. Die. Die so you can love me again.”

For some reason, I couldn’t fight back.

[You have died.]

[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

[The penalty’s intensity level is intermediate.]

[The penalty’s theme is the Preta Realm.]

A dream within a dream began.

* * *

I don’t want to kill him, Raviel Ivansia thought as she looked at the man in front of her.

She didn’t want to lose him, while simultaneously finding it amusing how possessive she was.

“Think about it. You’ll be able to tell exactly what I’m thinking of right now since you’re a regressor like me.”

He was a dangerous man. Raviel quickly realized what he was planning—he was trying to immerse himself in the role of the butler completely so he could go back a day from the butler’s perspective. Then the world would return to the time before she had offered her heart to the mirror, overturning the stage itself.

What a brilliant idea.

The plan could truly exploit the Tower’s weak point.

He has such an innocent face, so how does he come up with a plan like this?

It felt good to know that the man she’d fallen in love with wasn’t stupid. Yes, it felt very good. But even so, she opposed it.

“But, Gong-Ja, it’s dangerous.”

Her reason was clear.

“I won’t be able to remember you.”

She, Raviel Ivansia, wouldn’t be able to remember Kim Gong-Ja. Perhaps he could go back twenty-four hours before that day, stop her from stabbing the reflection of her heart, preventing the tragedy of being eternally bound to those ten days. But it would all be meaningless if she couldn’t remember him.

I don’t want my life to go on. My wish is to spend my life with you.

The days she had spent with him; the first holiday she had been allowed to have for fifteen days. All those memories made up who she was now. Without them, she could no longer be Raviel Ivansia.

Did the man in front of her not know that she wouldn’t be grateful at all if she escaped the labyrinth of these ten days like that?

“It’s okay. I’ll solve it, whatever it takes.”

He probably knew, judging from his annoying assurance.

“Please trust me.”

Raviel was momentarily paralyzed by the cruelty of those words. She had to blindly trust someone. It was too late, but she regretted making the promise a few days ago to trust him. However, she was running out of time to languish in regret.

Trust…

She had to trust the man she loved and believe in his competence. He was the man she had chosen to be hers. Surely, he would persuade the Tower somehow and succeed in returning twenty-four hours before that day. The real problem was what happened afterward.

How was he going to decrease his immersion level once it had risen over ninety percent? Once he succeeded, he would definitely not remember himself. Even if he would, his memories were going to be hazy at best. It would be impossible to recall the days he spent with her in detail.

No, wait a minute.

There was a way. Raviel groaned for a while at the method that crossed her head. The rumor that all the poison of the empire came from her heart flashed through her head. It didn’t take long for her to realize that she would use that method.

I…

So, she engraved her plan into her heart, ensuring it would be executed.

I will kill this man.

Trauma. While revealing to her almost everything about himself, he had said that his ability had the side effect of forcing him to glimpse his killer’s memories.

If only I could make this moment my trauma.

He could catch a glimpse of this moment Raviel was living through, not her past. If only that were possible, she could tell him what she wanted to say, the memories she wished to deliver. He would be able to remember everything through her.

“I became your first asshole, so you’ll be my last asshole as well.”

Raviel was certain that the plan would work.

“I ended up with a real bad boy for a lover.”

Gong-Ja, are you listening? I’m happy because of you. I don’t want to lose you or the time I spent with you.

You told me that you’d start writing a diary so you could show me your entire day. Was that a lie? You said that you’d learn music because you wanted me to spend a quiet evening listening to your songs. Was that wish fake?

I want to know your day and send away the evening with you. Your day will surely make me smile, and the evening with you will be happy. I want my smile and your happiness to be together. I don’t want to kill you nor do I want to lose you.

“Are you okay?”

“Yes… It’s okay… For now… More.”

“Are you asking me to kiss you more? My lover is such a baby.”

Look at me. Look at you by my side. You’re an innocent fool. I sometimes wonder how you’ll survive in this world with such innocence, but my question is soon answered when I remember your thousands of deaths. There are many, many reasons to abandon innocence, but only a few to keep it. That is why I call you innocent. Despite your many reasons, you haven’t abandoned your innocence. Instead, you protect it for those few reasons. I love your innocence.

“How about now? Are you okay?”

“Raviel…”

Are you afraid that you’ll lose yourself? Does it scare you?

“I love you. I love you, Raviel…”

“I know.”

It’s okay.

“Even when I’m born again, I’ll love you. I’ll never forget you. Even if I die…”

“I know that as well.”

I’m here. Trust me like I trust you. Rely on me. You alone cannot protect yourself, and I can’t protect the world on my own. But you and I can do anything together. I’m afraid too. I’m scared of killing you. I’m terrified of the pain I know I’ll feel when I approach you. But my fear doesn’t stop me from being with you.

“Oh my god. My lord, did you kidnap me?”

Look. That is what you told me after sinking into the role of the butler.

It hurt my heart. My heart aches when you treat me like a stranger. You look at me with disbelief and doubt. It hurts me. It’s painful to see you react as if you were meeting me for the first time in your life.

“You’ve gone too far. I’m aware that the duke is so powerful that he can blind the eyes of heaven, but this is too far. Do you hate Lady Goldencup that much? Is that why you’re threatening me, her butler?”

Listen. This is the scar you left me.

“Gong-Ja.”

Don’t forget.

“…Who are you looking for?”

“My lover. He’s the man who offered me his heart and the one I will give mine.”

Never forget this even after your death. You are here in my heart.

“Go. I’ll be waiting for you.”

Are you listening? Can you hear me, Gong-Ja? I’m in love with you.

Chapter 110

The Way She Loves (2)

Raviel Ivansia leaned in, bringing the man closer to death and carving her eternal scar into him. The man groaned and writhed in pain as her rapier dug deeper and deeper into his heart. His screams tore through the air, but no one was around to hear them.

I don’t want to kill him. Raviel bit her lip. I don’t want to lose him.

Going against her wishes, she pushed the rapier even deeper. She felt every moment vividly. First, she split his chest open. Reaching deeper into his flesh, she then pierced his heart, unleashing an endless stream of blood. All of it scarred her.

More. Deeper. She engraved every moment in her heart so that the man she loved could see this trauma.

When he was about to vomit blood, Raviel stole his lips to avoid losing even a single drop of his warmth. His sticky, bloody breath traveled from his heart into her mouth.

The dying man turned pale, and his quivers grew weaker. Finally, his breaths faded away. Through it all, Raviel didn’t blink. Even though every moment pained her, she didn’t want to miss any of them.

She wanted to scream at the world. What if this moment wasn’t engraved as her trauma? What if her plan fell through? Then she would forget him, and he would lose her. Nothing would be left.

Raviel was scared. She didn’t want to lose him.

More.

To be afraid of something was a disgrace and an insult to someone like her. Nevertheless, she kept reliving the terrifying, horrible moment, carving her scar deeper.

He could fail to persuade the Tower. Perhaps she would forget about him and live on like before and when they crossed paths in the hallway, they would end up just passing each other indifferently.

She held those imagined moments in her mind and carved new scars around them, marking them forever.

Raviel realized that the man had died. She understood that this moment was like a last gasp before he regressed. He would likely regress in just a few seconds, bringing her back in time with him. It was only a few seconds, yet it felt like an eternity to her.

“Gong-Ja,” she slowly said.

There was no answer. His eyes lost focus, and his mouth stopped moving as if he had forgotten how to speak.

“Gong-Ja.”

Raviel knew then that this last moment had become her inerasable trauma. Everything became clear. She had never been scarred as terribly as this. She pulled him into her arms, spending the few remaining seconds holding him.

I believe in you.

[The trauma recreation has been completed.]

You believe in me just as I believe in you, Gong-Ja.

[It has been confirmed that the ego of the subject under the Skill penalty is intact.]

That’s why we can wait for each other.

[Ending the Skill penalty.]

That’s how it’s always been.

[Your immersion level has dropped to 98%.]

* * *

It was strangely hard to open my eyes today.

“Butler?” Lady Goldencup, who was sitting across from me, was shocked.

It was strange. She always had a glowing smile, but she looked hazy today.

“What’s wrong?” she asked.

“Pardon?”

“You’re crying.”

Only then did I notice the tears. It shocked me. Just a moment ago, Lady Goldencup and I were idly chatting. Then I blinked, and tears suddenly flowed down my face.

“Huh…?” I couldn’t stop the tears.

“B-Butler? I don’t get scared easily, but you’re frightening me a little right now. We were just talking, so why are you crying all of a sudden? Did I do something weird again?”

“Um… I… I don’t really know why either.”

“You’re crying for no reason? Did you go crazy? Gasp. You’re crying your eyes out… What should I do? This is the first time you’ve cried like this since I beat you up when you were five…”

“You’re never going to let that go, are you? My lady, it’s about time you forget about it.”

“But, Butler, even if I forget about it, I also beat you up when you were six, seven, and every year until you were fourteen. In fact, I still beat you from time to time. If I forget all that, I’m no different from an amnesiac. Why, your life was practically just a series of beatings.”

Amnesia…

“Eh? Why are you crying again? I’m sorry! I’m sorry for beating you up! I won’t beat you anymore. Even if I do, I’ll do it in a less humiliating way. Are you feeling better now?”

“I think I had a nightmare, my lady…”

“Huh? A nightmare? Did a monster get me and tear me into pieces?”

“No, a woman was looking at me, crying… I wanted to wipe her tears away, but I couldn’t. It was very sad.”

“I see.” Lady Goldencup looked like she’d realized something. “The woman was me.”

“It was definitely not you… There is no way you can make such a sad and elegant expression. You just weren’t born that way.”

“Ah.” Lady Goldencup glared at me. “Should I just hit you?”

Normally, I would have bowed and said sorry, and she would have responded with “I’m a generous person, so I’ll forgive you.”

This time, however, I stood up from my chair.

“Butler?”

“I’ll be back soon.”

“Huh? It’s already late. Where are you going? I was going to brag about the dinner I’m going to have with His Highness tomorrow. Listening to my exciting news is your duty.”

I bowed. “I’m sorry, my lady, but there’s somewhere I have to go.”

Lady Goldencup rested her arms on the back of her chair and narrowed her eyes at me. “Yes, you have a brain, so you can think for yourself. But don’t come back empty-handed. You’d better steal a muffin from the cafeteria at least.”

“The crown prince will give you an azure coral ring tomorrow.”

Lady Goldencup blinked. “What?”

“I’ll get going.” I walked out of her room.

“Butler!” she shouted behind me. “Are you serious?”

I ignored her.

“Hold on, answer me before you go! Butler, you f—!”

My master.

Since coming to Sormwin Academy, she had become much more well-behaved, but at heart, she was still the king of the hill who used to beat up kids back home.

I hastened my steps. It was my first time walking this path, but my feet moved with an easy familiarity.

It’s like I’ve done this before.

The gate to Lady Silver Lily’s villa was open, and no guards were posted. I should have found it strange, but I already had a feeling that this was how it would be. I crossed the garden without hesitation.

I arrived at a hallway where only a single ray of moonlight reached. Lady Silver Lily was standing at the end of the hallway with a full-length mirror behind her.

“You’re here.”

“…Have you been waiting for me?”

“Yes, today is my second time.”

Her answer to my abrupt question seemed random. This whole conversation was incomprehensible, but that seemed to soften the night air.

Lady Silver Lily smiled. “Look into the mirror. What do you see?”

■■: ■■■

■■■: ■■

■■ ■■: Mu■, ■■ce, ■■, ■■

■■ ■■: ■■

■■ ■■■: Teacher, lover, ■■■ ■■, ■■■, ■■■, ■■ren, ■■, ■■■ ■■■ ■ ■■ ■, ■■■■ ■■■■ ■, ■■ ■■■■ ■

“…I see the words ‘Teacher’ and ‘Lover.’ I think I see some letters, but I can’t understand what they mean.”

“Call me.”

“M—”

I tried to call her “my lord,” but I stopped, even though that was the most respectful way to address Raviel Ivansia.

“And I warn you. Never call me ‘my lord’ with that mouth again. I’ll cut out your heart.”

A conversation I’d never had came to my mind. It was as if I was peering into a dream from my past life. I was confused; I felt like I shouldn’t call her “my lord” no matter what happened.

“…My lady.”

“That’s much better.” Lady Silver Lily approached me.

“What did you dream about?”

Her red eyes bore into me. Her mouth was closed, yet I felt as if she was speaking to me. Her closed mouth seemed to be moving. It was too vivid to be a hallucination or a voice in my head.

“You… were crying.”

“And?”

“You kept calling for someone. A man was tied up in front of you… I think he was the person you were calling for, but I don’t remember his name.”

“What else?”

“You were in agony as you stabbed the man with a rapier.”

Why did I keep talking to someone who wasn’t saying a word? Why was Lady Silver Lily listening to me too? It was so strange, but the strangest part was that it didn’t feel awkward.

Lady Silver Lily patted my head. “Very good.”

Her words echoed in my ears and slowly settled in my heart. I felt as if I had heard them somewhere—a very long time ago before I was even born.

The image of a blue perfume bottle flashed through my mind.

“Look.” Lady Silver Lily took out a card.

“…What is it?”

“It’s proof that you worked hard for me. You can be proud of it.”

The golden card had a great deal of writing on it.

A Certain Returner’s Love

Class: EX

Effect: Love is like poison to a returner. No matter how hard you struggle, you cannot share the same time with the one you love, so a certain returner made a wish. “Please protect my lover’s memories.” The wish reached the Tower and came true.

You share your lover’s time. When your lover goes back a day, you also go back a day. If you go back a day, your lover will also go back a day.

This is the oath of eternal regression and marriage of time.

May luck be with you both.

※It is only active when you and your lover love each other.

I was speechless for no reason I could explain.

“‘Please protect my lover’s memory.’” Lady Silver Lily laughed softly. “I don’t like this kind of proposal. I like the sound of your voice. Do you understand what I’m getting at? I’ll pretend I didn’t see this unless you tell me yourself. So come back, quickly.”

My heart thumped.

“I’ll kill you as many times as it takes. If showing you my scar will bring you back to me, I’ll do it over and over until you come back.”

“Miss…”

“So look at my scar and suffer. Look at it again. It has traces of you.” Lady Silver Lily stretched out her hands and grabbed my neck. “Know that you’re the only one in this world who can kill me.”

Her hands were soft.

“And I’m the only one who can kill you.”

And then I saw it.

[You have died.]

[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

I saw it over and over.

[Your immersion level has dropped to 97%.]

I watched Lady Silver Lily’s weep. She killed a certain man again and again. Every time I went back a day, I lived in her dream.

[You have died.]

[Your immersion level has dropped to 96%.]

We loved each other in our past lives.

[You have died.]

[Your immersion level has dropped to 95%.]

We were going to love each other in this life too—maybe even in the next life.

[Your immersion level has dropped to 94%.]

[Your immersion level has dropped to 93%.]

[Your immersion level has dropped to 92%.]

I hurt her. She cried silently where I couldn’t see and when I wasn’t with her. If I remembered all of those…

[Your immersion level has dropped to 91%.]

We can love forever.

[Your immersion level has dropped to 90%.]

Again and again and again, I went to her. I opened the door, crossed the garden, and ran down the hallway.

She had been born as the daughter of the Duke of Ivansia. Having a sad mother put her in a sad life. Her fiance had been chosen before she had been born, and she had devoted her life to him since she first drew breath.

She was a white flower. She was the moon of Ivansia and the heir apparent of the duchy. For a brief period, she used to be known as the young lady of Ivansia too.

“You’re here.”

She was standing in the dark hallway like a lonely island in the middle of an endless sea of night. I could hear the waves lapping at her feet. To me, she wasn’t the heir apparent of the Duke of Ivansia nor the duke’s daughter.

“Raviel.”

The white flower smiled. “I’ve been waiting for you, Gong-Ja.”

I’m in love with you.

Chapter 111

The Way She Loves (3)

I ran and took her into my arms. “Raviel.”

A lot of words swirled in my head. I could apologize for leaving her an unerasable scar. I was really sorry. Maybe I could say thank you. I was grateful for her faith in me and for waiting for me and, above all, for someone like me.

But that wasn’t what I wanted to say. This wasn’t the first time I’d apologized to her or thanked her.

Tonight was the night we met again. I wanted to tell her the words that I had never said but could offer her only once. My first and last were what I wanted to offer Raviel Ivansia. And that was why I took her hand.

“Let’s get married.”

Raviel slowly nodded. “I’m known by many names. I received the name Silver Lily from His Majesty, and I dedicated myself to the empire as the heir apparent of the Duke of Ivansia. But I’ll leave my name, Raviel, untouched so you can use it.”

Our kiss was deep.

* * *

The two of us woke up at dawn. The sky outside the window was pale blue. I turned my head to the side because I heard someone breathing, and there Raviel was, looking at me without saying a word.

I looked back at Raviel and reached out and took her hand. Her cool fingers locked with mine. She was beautiful. We shared each other’s breaths, intertwined our fingers, and pressed our foreheads together.

“You’re a genius, Raviel.”

Every meeting at dawn was to discuss a secret love affair, and every whisper carried a secret message of love. The people who spent the dawn together were those who loved each other.

“It’s amazing how you used my penalty to recover my memories,” I whispered. “Really, that was amazing. I never would’ve thought of that if I were you.”

“You have a tendency to hold others’ pain sacred.” Raviel’s fingers brushed past my earlobe. “You’re amazing too. How in the world did you persuade the Tower? Even to Constellations, the Tower is like an unchallengeable manager. I knew how you have a way with words, but I never thought it would work on the Tower, too.”

“Well, to be honest, I don’t really remember. The memory is blurry, like a dream. Maybe when you meet the Tower’s masters, the memory is veiled like mine.”

“The fact that you succeeded doesn’t change. My lover is quite competent.”

“And my lover is a genius.”

“That’s an undeniable fact.”

We rubbed our foreheads together. We could admire each other without a single bit of pretense. That made me very happy.

“When are we going to get married?”

“Are you rushing me?”

“I think you’re a little mean,” I grumbled.

Raviel laughed softly. It was breathtaking. An electric thrill shot up from my spine and struck my head. No music was as beautiful as Raviel’s soft laughter.

“I should break off the engagement with His Highness first.”

“Ah…”

She was right.

Raviel nodded. “His Highness and I are engaged, so it would be legally difficult to marry you right now.”

“Well, actually, I don’t mind if we aren’t married legally. A small ceremony together is enough for me.”

“I mind.” Raviel stroked my cheek. “This is the world I live in. I’m loyal to this empire and I care for it. My world and country should acknowledge my marriage. Even if you’re a commoner here, you’re my lover, so all of the people in this world must bless you.”

“Oh, but isn’t it a bit difficult to expect that from them…?”

“It’s okay, Gong-Ja,” Raviel calmly refuted. “I’ll kill anyone that doesn’t bless you.”

What should I do? She was too cool. Once again, I fell in love with her. I wanted to do it again.

“Okay.” I nodded. “Let’s get married in your world. But I have a condition too.”

“Tell me.”

“When you break off the engagement with the crown prince, it shouldn’t be your fault. I won’t forgive those who spread ignorant gossip about you.”

If anyone pointed a finger at my lover, I would break off their finger. Should anyone badmouth her, I would cut out their tongue. And if anyone slandered her, I would kill them. I wasn’t joking. I would give them a taste of hell.

“It should be obvious to anyone that this is the crown prince’s fault. Raviel, you’re dumping him, not getting dumped.”

“Oh, are you telling me to insult the next emperor? You know, I’m the future Duke of Ivansia, who works in the shadows for the country.”

“Yes, I am.”

“That’s easy.”

We took a moment to kiss. My life became a little more colorful.

“Do you have a plan?”

“Of course. Who do you think you are asking? Every time His Highness has a secret meeting with Goldencup, a document is added to the drawer in my office. There are already hundreds of them in that drawer. I’ve prepared all of the evidence and the witnesses. If I take this matter to court, I’ll definitely win.”

What should I do? She was too cool. Once again, I fell in love with her. I wanted to do it again.

“There’s really no need to go to court, actually. The imperial family wouldn’t want this kind of matter to be brought up in public. I just need to bring the evidence and ask for an audience with His Majesty.”

“When do you plan on going to the palace?” I leaned in closer to her.

“As soon as possible.” Raviel quietly brushed my bangs away. “Gong-Ja, marrying me makes you the consort of the Duke of Ivansia. The imperial family will personally bestow you a title.”

My heart pounded.

“During formal occasions, I’ll refer to you as my consort. You’ll call me ‘my duke.’ Is that okay?”

“It’s a feudal society. The head of the Ivansia family is you, and I’m merely a foreigner here, Raviel. Don’t worry. I’m just following the laws of the empire. I don’t care about it at all…”

“I’m glad to hear that, though I knew that it would be okay. Let’s try it out now. Call me ‘my duke’.”

I froze up.

“What? Are you embarrassed? You are embarrassed. I knew you would be. I’ll go first.” Raviel smiled, her eyes curving like crescent moons. “My consort.”

My heart… I could feel my saliva clinging stickily to the entrance of my throat. I slowly tried to speak, but I failed to form the words. Only after my upper lip slipped off my lip several times, did I finally manage to make a sound.

“…M-my duke.”

Raviel blinked. Silence settled over us. My lover silently stared at me with those red eyes of hers. How should I put it? She looked like someone who had seen a hedgehog’s paw. In short, I had no idea what this expression meant.

“Gong-Ja.”

“Yes.”

“Say that one more time.”

“…My duke.”

“One more time.”

“Mmm, my duke…?”

Raviel’s eyelashes fluttered and her shoulders bunched slightly.

What is this reaction? Could it be? Maybe? Maybe. No, that wouldn’t happen even if the world were to collapse.

At first, I didn’t notice because of her poker face, but it didn’t take long to realize.

“Raviel, are you feeling embarrassed right now?”

“Umm…” Raviel groaned. “My man is too damn adorable…”

Embarrassment was very contagious.

Fuck.

My face felt hot and my lips parched. But my head was working fine. It should have been counterattacked with “Raviel, you’re the cutest person in the world.” That would’ve been payback for my defeats against Raviel so far, but I couldn’t bring myself to actually do it. I felt like I was going to die from embarrassment.

Instead, I decided to compromise. Rather than making a unilateral attack, I flirted back, calling this match a draw.

“My duke.”

Maybe Raviel figured out my plan because she said, “…My consort.”

“My duke.”

“My consort.”

“My duke!”

“My consort…”

“I love you.”

“I love you.”

“My duke…”

“My consort.”

It went on until dawn became morning.

—Fuck… You’re such a bastard… the Guardian muttered. Despite what he said, he kept his back turned to me to protect the privacy of my duke and me. Look at you: a pair of wackos all lovey-dovey… Fuuuuucking hellllllll. Do you know how desperately I was screaming at you when you buried yourself in the butler’s role? Huh? But as soon as you came to your senses, you didn’t even thank me and just started flirting with your lover! I’m just a wallflower, aren’t I? Maybe it’s really time for me to find eternal peace.

[Shiny offers consolation to the Sword Emperor.]

—Ah, now you’re the only one I have now, Shiny!

The ghost and the sword were building a mysterious friendship.

I’m sorry and I’m grateful to both of you too.

But now, I wanted to love my love a little more.

* * *

While loving my love, I chewed over my goal at this stage: stop this world’s apocalypse. The primary cause of the apocalypse was my duke’s heirloom, the fragment of the holy sword, and the wish that went out of control.

The danger of this world being destroyed by the demon would disappear if I retrieved the sister sword, but that wasn’t the only reason why the world met its doom.

I still remembered the invasion on the last day. The Ruin-Harvesting Cow, the Eternal Plains Warhorse, and the Immortal Happiness Preacher—through the cracks in the sky, the Constellations from different worlds sent their apostles. They would come again without a doubt. It was clear based on the fact that I was yet to receive a message telling me that I’d cleared the stage.

My duke had awakened into an incomplete Constellation by piercing her heart with the sister sword. A Constellation was the representative and protector of their world; in other words, this world used to have a barrier, albeit incomplete, but now my duke hadn’t stabbed her heart with the holy sword, so her awakening as a Constellation was also negated. It meant that there was no Constellation in this world now.

“I’ll set the wedding date for a month from now.”

“That’s exactly ten days from the day I first came here,” I murmured.

“Yes. I chose that on purpose.”

My duke deliberately set the wedding date on the day this world would have been destroyed. She meant to deny the world’s end and make it our starting point. How valiant of her.

“It puts us on quite a tight schedule. We’ll only be able to have the wedding in a month if everything goes well.”

“Can you give me an example of what must be done?”

“The first task is to break off my engagement with the crown prince. And the second is to inherit my father’s title,” Raviel casually explained. “It’s difficult to marry you as just the heir. There would be the legal hassle, and having a commoner as my fiance would start annoying gossip in high society. It’s better to become a duke before I take you as my consort. Once I become the head of this family, there are a lot of things I can do without a hassle.”

“Raviel, I’m saying this because I still have a lot of the butler’s memories left, but, well… isn’t it difficult to become the head of a family without your father bequeathing the position to you? Not to mention that you’re inheriting the Duchy of Ivansia, the most powerful noble title in the empire. It’s not like you can inherit the duchy if—”

“Yes. If I weren’t Raviel Ivansia, it would have been difficult,” Raviel calmly said. “But I’m Raviel Ivansia.”

What should I do? She was too cool. Once again, I fell in love with her. I wanted to do it again.

“The family’s vassals have already sworn their allegiance to me. The power to mobilize the family’s army is also mine. If Father doesn’t want to give up power, then the only way is to run to His Majesty and appeal to him.”

Raviel placed a pile of documents on the table with a thump.

“I have more than enough evidence to prove His Highness’s infidelity. His Majesty is as capable as the special forces he commands, so he would protect the dignity of the imperial family rather than staying loyal to my father, who has no real power.”

“That sounds very loyal, Raviel. But aren’t you actually blackmailing His Majesty…?”

“My consort.” Raviel gave me a serious look.

I flinched at the sound of “My consort.” The two of us were calling each other “my duke” and “my consort” even when we were alone to get used to the new titles.

“Yes, my duke.”

“Your work lies in the Tower, not in this world. I understand if you don’t return to my world often, just as you know that I can’t give up my nobility.”

I felt like a spouse working abroad…

“However, there are times when I need you by my side, like at the beginning and end of the year. The events that we attend will always be political. You’re becoming the moon of Ivansia and will be revered as the most noble consort in this empire, after the empress. You have to get used to politics on some level.”

“So… it’s possible to stay loyal to His Majesty and make a threat to the imperial family at the same time. It’s not a loss for the empire to have you as the Duke of Ivansia. They’re fortunate to have a capable noble like you, if anything.”

“My consort catches on quickly. He’s capable, smart, and cool.”

“Of course—you’re talking about your man, Raviel.”

“I love you.”

“I love you.”

We took a moment to kiss. Life became a little more colorful.

—Fuuuuuuckkkkkkkk… For some reason, the ghost’s cheeks became more and more hollow. Who was it? Who taught this wacko about love? Who called his fucking madness love… Why is this guy in love? If this guy hadn’t fallen in love, I could still be happy…

[Shiny points at the Sword Emperor sadly.]

—Someone, please shoot me right now… I’ll gladly take the bullet…

We had busy days ahead of us for the best happy ending—no, the best wedding.

Chapter 112

The Holy War (1)

Romance Fantasy Rule: Love needs no rule.

* * *

Life occasionally brought an unexpected gift.

“Lady Goldencup, I have something to tell you.”

“It’s been a long time since you called me Lady Goldencup. You always come with bad news when you do it. Let me guess what happened this time.” Lady Goldencup slowly lifted her teacup. “Do I have a half-sister that I don’t know about?

“No, you don’t.”

“I see. Then is my mother actually an illegitimate child of the late emperor? So I have some of the imperial blood and His Highness and I are star-crossed lovers?”

“No, she isn’t.”

“Or do I have a half-sister and a birth story that I don’t know? Am I full of gifts to be the protagonist of an awesome story?”

“No, you aren’t.”

“Then what is it, you dickhead?”

“I’m getting married soon.”

“Oh, marriage. It’s marriage. Marriage…” Lady Goldencup spat out the tea she was drinking, mainly on my face. The elegance from earlier vanished. “Marriage?”

“Yes, I’m getting married.”

“Marrrrrieeeeedddd?”

“Yes, I am.”

“If this is a joke, it’s not funny. Butler, shall we go back to old times when I punched you in the face?”

“It’s not a joke.” I wiped my face with a handkerchief. “I wouldn’t joke with you about something like this. I’m really getting married. There’s no point in trying to stop me, the wedding date is already set for a month from today.”

“W-who are you marrying?”

“Lady Silver Lily.”

“Oh, what? So you were really bullshitting me.” Lady Goldencup sighed in relief. She seemed to believe that Raviel and I would never marry even if the world ended.

Well, that kind of reaction was to be expected.

“Do you think I’m lying?”

“Yeah, I don’t just think it’s bullshit, it’s a steaming load of bullshit. If you want to prank me, at least come back with something that’s believable. I give you an F for your creativity.”

“If it’s real, will you allow me to get married?”

“Hahahaha! Yeah, yeah. You have my blessing, Butler, if it’s real. My butler marrying into the most prestigious family of the empire would be great news, honestly. It’d elevate my family’s class by like six levels at once.”

“Then please put your seal here.” I showed her the documents I had prepared.

“Huh? What’s this, Butler?”

“This is the document to prove that you, as my master, permit my marriage. Once I have your seal, though, I’ll no longer serve you because I’d become the consort of the Ivansia family.”

“Ha!” Lady Goldencup burst into laughter. “Y-you, the consort of the Ivansia family… Hahahaha! Why are you trying so hard to keep up this joke? Wait, are you trying to write a novel or something? ‘I, the butler, became the consort of the Ivansia family overnight?’ Hahahaha, that’s fucking hilarious—but I think the chances of me becoming the empress are higher.”

After laughing for a while, Lady Goldencup’s smile took on a different color. “Well, it’ll definitely happen this time.”

I remembered a part of the summary I read before entering this apocalyptic book.

The female lead received another chance at life.

I now had a rough idea of the story of Lady Goldencup before the Inquisitor would possess her.

I buried those thoughts for now.

“Can I have your seal?” I asked.

“Oh, gladly. Now I have another story to talk about when we’re older. As a generous master, I can’t turn down this opportunity for a whole load of fun.” Lady Goldencup broke into a fit of laughter again.

“Thank you. I’ll bring my fiance tomorrow so you two can meet.”

“Yes, yes, Mr. Consort of Ivansia, the second brightest moon in the empire. Please have a happy time with your imaginary duke.”

The next day, Raviel and I stood in front of Lady Goldencup.

“She’s here, my lady.”

Lady Goldencup’s jaw dropped to the ground.

“I’m sure it’s not needed, but I’ll introduce myself again,” Raviel said, fanning herself. “I am Raviel Ivansia, the heir apparent of the Duke of Ivansia. His Majesty has given me the title of Silver Lily.”

“Huh? Oh, yes, of course, I know, Lady Silver Lily…?”

“I’m here to deliver the joyous news of your butler’s engagement to me. His allegiance is to you, so it would have been very difficult for this marriage to proceed without your permission, but you’ve granted it. Thank you.”

“Huh…?”

“This is the wedding invitation.”

Raviel tossed her the invitation. The edges were embellished with silver threads, and it bore a red wax seal carrying the Duke of Ivansia’s crest.

Stunned, Lady Goldencup picked up the invitation.

“Rejoice. You’re the first to receive an invitation, so I hope you appreciate what a great honor that is. Well, it’s for taking care of him until now.”

“B-Butler…? This is all a joke, right…?”

Raviel narrowed her eyes. “Rude. From today on, this man isn’t your butler. He’s my fiance. I do hope you don’t think that the Duke of Ivansia is lower than the Baron of Evanail. Treat my fiance with the respect he deserves from now on.”

“D-Duke Consort…?” Lady Goldencup looked at me like her soul had escaped her body. Her gaze was so desperate. She was silently begging me to tell her not to call me by that title.

“It was a great honor to serve you, my lady, but you should address me appropriately.” I bowed politely, and then I turned away. “Shall we go, Raviel?”

Raviel shook her head firmly. “That isn’t what we agreed on. You should call me ‘my duke’ in front of others.”

“Ah, I’m sorry, my duke. I’m not used to it yet…”

“My consort is utterly adorable. Though that is one of the reasons I love you.”

“I love you too.”

“I love you.”

We left the room together.

After a while, I heard screaming behind my back.

“What the heeecccckkkk…!”

As more magnolias fell, we grew closer to the day of our spring marriage.

* * *

My lover, Raviel Ivansia, was someone who always kept her word. She had said the wedding would be in a month, and so it would be.

“I confined Father in the family’s summerhouse,” Raviel said casually. “He still has a group of followers, but they’re negligible. I’ve finished negotiating with His Majesty and received his official recognition for my succession, so I’m already the Duke of Ivansia. I’ll now be called Duke Silver Lily, not Lady Silver Lily.”

My father-in-law got confined overnight.

Uh… Is this really okay? I felt subtly immoral because of the father-in-law I’d never met.

Raviel looked at me. “You’re now the fiance of the Duke of Ivansia. You’re the highest consort in the empire, short of the imperial family. Aside from His Majesty, Her Majesty, and His Highness, there is no one in the empire you should bow to first—not in this empire, at least. Regardless of their status, all of the people of the empire should bow to you. You’ll be treated with the utmost reverence where the imperial family isn’t present,” she seriously explained.

That was when I realized that something very big was going on. I had been treating the wedding like my love for Raviel—sweet and romantic—but it was more than that for Raviel.

I had a feeling I already knew what that was.

“But I’m just a commoner…” I said.

“Of course those rags in high society will talk. Gong-Ja, social class in this world is like an unnecessarily long dress. It’ll bother you wherever you go, but I’ve taken all possible measures.”

“What measures?”

“Before the marriage, I’ll elevate your social class by putting you in the imperial chief steward’s family register.” Raviel handed a piece of paper to me. “He’s been faithfully serving the imperial family for a long time. He also has a noble title, and he’s known for pursuing honor all his life. Above all, he has no children.”

Oh my god. Really. Ohhhh myyyyy gooodddd…

“C-can you do that?”

“I can do that if I want to.”

Raviel was dealing with piles of documents as we spoke. Her quill never stopped moving. It was hard for me to tell what those documents were and what kind of political impact they would create.

“I skipped unnecessary formalities. You just have to sign that document and you’ll be the imperial chief steward’s foster son.”

My father-in-law, whom I had never met before, was confined, and I was about to become the foster son of someone I had never met either. Something I didn’t know about was happening where I couldn’t see, I belatedly realized as I signed the adoption document.

A few days later, I was once again confronted with how significant it was to become the consort of the Duke of Ivansia.

“Greetings to he who shall be the second brightest moon in the empire.”

I walked around the academy just for a moment, but the young ladies and lords recognized me and politely went down on their knees; the news had spread to the academy too.

“My respect to the Consort of Ivansia.”

“Uh, okay…”

“Congratulations on your engagement. May Ivansia’s glory be eternal.”

“T-thank you.”

When I did so much as walk past them, the young ladies and lords stopped chatting or whatever they were doing and they kept silent until I had completely passed by them. The academy’s guards and knights politely saluted when they saw me and even the teachers bowed without exception as if that were perfectly normal.

I had experienced being surrounded by crowds when I became the Rank 3 Hunter or a star overnight, but… that was nothing like what I was seeing here.

This is what social class is.

I wasn’t a celebrity. They didn’t surround me and hold up their smartphones to take a photo of me. They simply kneeled.

…This is amazing.

They would probably only do it in front of me. Once I disappeared from their sight, they would exchange all kinds of nasty rumors and gossip about my lowly birth or the mysterious break-up of the engagement between the crown prince and Raviel—but no one dared to do it where I could hear.

One day, a servant of the academy broke a water bottle and gasped. I happened to be passing by, so I tried to ask if he was okay, but he and the other five servants nearby kneeled at once.

“M-my apologies!”

“I’m terribly sorry!”

“We beg for your forgiveness for his ignorance…! “

I was left speechless by how they naturally asked me for forgiveness—in other words, I was free to punish them instead of forgiving them. It left me paralyzed. This was crazy. Absolute madness.

—What’s the matter? Of course it’s natural for them, the Guardian said, swimming in the air. Your Tower is the odd one for having no official social hierarchy, honestly. You’ll see once you get to the fiftieth floor, but most Towers have a social hierarchy.

He had said that after the fiftieth floor, it would mainly be about competing with Towers from different worlds.

The Guardian picked his ear using his little finger and blew the earwax off of it.

—Your duke’s family is supposed to be the most powerful family after the imperial family, right? That practically makes you a queen, Zombie.

A queen…

—Congratulations on becoming Cinderella, boy.

The servants, trembling, had their faces pressed against the floor.

Suddenly, Raviel’s words came to mind.

“My world and my country should acknowledge my marriage.”

“All of the people in this world must bless you.”

That was what she meant. After just a few days, I was at the top of the social pyramid.

This is… Raviel’s world. Then… how should I handle it?

I shouldn’t be just Kim Gong-Ja or the Death King, a Hunter with a title. I had to act like the spouse of the highest-ranking noble in this country.

I bent forward and picked up a piece of the broken water bottle and quietly placed it into the hand of the servant who had dropped it.

“A necklace is closest to your heart. Place your mistake closest to your heart and reflect on your mistake. Don’t wait for me to forgive you. Forgive yourself when you think it’s time. Do you understand?”

“Yes, yes, I will…!”

I turned and walked away.

On the evening of the same day, Raviel said, “You made a thoughtful response, my consort.”

I sliced my steak with a knife and fork, learning table manners as I had dinner. Raviel was using her knife and fork slowly from the other side so that I could watch and learn.

“Umm… Hmm… Did I do a good job?”

“It was flawless. If you just forgave them, people would have said ‘The duke’s consort can’t be strict with the ones below him because of his lowly birth. How is he supposed to manage the ducal family like that?’ If you were to reproach them harshly, a rumor would circulate about you becoming arrogant after rising through the hierarchy overnight.”

Either outcome would have been a mess.

“People would talk badly about you whether you forgive or reproach them. In a time like this, the incident itself isn’t important, how you resolve it is. You did well by creating a beautiful story.” Raviel smiled. “What happened today has already spread throughout high society. Those with pure curiosity will admire your heart, and even those sly serpents out there will admit your wisdom. I thought you were a layman in politics. What magic did you use, my lover?”

“…I just thought of you, Raviel.” My knife sliced into the egg yolk, the color of a chick. “I learned that you were working hard in places I can’t see or know about.”

“Hmm.”

“Thinking about how hard you were working for me naturally made me put myself in your shoes.”

I just thought about what would be the best move for my spouse.

“If I forgave the servant, people would think of me as a generous consort; if I reproached the servant, I would be thought of as strict—but I thought becoming a wise consort would help you the most.”

“Why?”

“My generosity and strictness don’t make you generous or strict.”

The candles on the table slowly melted.

“But my wisdom makes you a wise person too because choosing a wise spouse means that you’re an equally insightful person.”

Raviel wiped her mouth with a white napkin. “You thought of me.”

“Yes.”

“Gong-Ja, you already helped me. The people of this world will never know, but you’ve saved this world from doom. You’ll continue to save it in the future. Isn’t it okay for you to act as you please a little bit?”

“No.” I shook my head firmly. “I’m going to be with you for my entire life. My entire life. I don’t want to obsess over what I’ve done for you; I don’t even want to think about it. What I want is to give you a lot more—something more precious than anything I’ve done for you already. I hope that meeting me is the greatest thing that’s ever happened to you. I hope that being with me is your greatest joy. I want to be your greatest meaning in life.”

“…You aren’t just luck or happiness.” Raviel stood up from her chair and slowly approached me. She bent forward. “You’re my miracle.”

Our lips met.

* * *

Not everyone surrendered to the name of Ivansia.

“I am! Against! This marriage!”

Lady Goldencup came to me every day and complained. While the crown prince was summoned by the emperor, Lady Goldencup protested to me—she was unable to confront Raviel directly.

“Didn’t you already stamp the document?”

“It’s invalid. Invalid! I thought that was a joke! “

I shrugged. “Regardless of what you thought, the documents are perfectly legal.”

“Urghh… Ugggghhhh! “ Lady Goldencup chewed her fingernails. “Weird. This didn’t happen last time… Is this the butterfly effect I caused? No, that’s unlikely… Ahhh, Dear Ruin-Harvesting Cow, what is going on…?”

“What do you mean?” I asked, pretending I’d never heard of the Ruin-Harvesting Cow.

“…It’s nothing! “ Lady Goldencup gritted her teeth. “Forget it. I’m sure this is all Silver Lily’s doing!”

“That’s Lady Silver Lily to you. She’s soon to be the Duke of Ivansia, so show some respect.”

“Urgh, Butler, I really hate you! I’ll never forgive you!” Lady Goldencup gave me a glare and stomped out of the room.

She slammed the door so hard that the hinges squeaked, expressing her opposition to this marriage place. Lady Goldencup was probably going to be the biggest obstacle to the wedding. I wasn’t worried at all, though.

Ten days were left before the wedding.

“Mr. Death King!” Someone who was dressed in Lady Goldencup’s clothes opened the door again. “I think I became the female lead of this apocalyptic book!”

I smiled at him from my chair. “Mr. Inquisitor.”

“Yes, Mr. Death King!”

“In ten days, Constellations from different worlds are going to invade.”

The colleague who used to be my biggest problem had now become the best support I could ask for right now.

“Please prepare for a holy war, SSS-Class theologist.”

Chapter 113

The Holy War (2)

The Inquisitor was the title of the first-generation Hunter who had been active since the Tower’s early days. Many people had rushed into the Tower, ruining countries before they could be built. However, the blonde psychopath resolutely hunted down all the extremists and stabilized the Tower.

“I perceive Constellations as otherworldly deities!” the religious wars specialist said with a bright smile.

He currently managed all of the religions of Earth under the name of the Pantheon.

“Simply put, a deity is a law! For example, there are the laws of physics from our world, Earth. The laws of physics are like the Windoxs operating system that’s installed on every device, so there’s nothing special about it! And it really isn’t special in our world either!”

“Uh, there are nuclear weapons and guns, right?”

“As I said, the laws of physics are fundamental everywhere! So nuclear weapons and guns are things that can pop up in any world if their technology is developed enough!”

However, the Inquisitor explained that in places where magic and miracles were common, it was difficult for technology to develop based purely on physical laws, so nuclear weapons and guns may be developed much later. Still, it wasn’t impossible for them to be invented in another world.

Well, there was in fact an apocalyptic book that was destroyed in a nuclear war. The genre of Space Iron Knight’s Epic, now our twenty-third floor, was also science fiction…

Was Earth the weakest of the worlds? I could understand that since magic and Skills were not common before the Tower rose out of nowhere, but it still felt strange to hear that my home planet, Earth, was weak. Was this what patriotism felt like? No, what was support for my home planet called?

“But, as you said, it’s true that guns and nuclear weapons are as powerful as they are! If you launch barrages of attacks using those two, you can easily defeat most Constellations’ apostles!”

“I see.” Raviel tapped the corner of her mouth with the tip of her fan. “Since the laws of physics are everywhere, that means that they’re all affected by physical forces.”

“That’s correct! It’s natural that someone who’s a non-physical entity can’t exercise physical force in any way, and if they’re physical entities, it’s also reasonable for a physical attack to work on them! But the question of effectiveness remains—they may take the impact fully or reduce it somehow.”

The Guardian looked impressed.

—Huh, that guy is pretty smart.

Does it sound plausible to you, Mr. Sword Emperor?

—Yeah, that’s why the Constellation Murderer could crush Shiny using his aura. And I only trained my sword, but I didn’t get pushed around. After all, that boss of the Black Dragon Guild was able to roast Preta with laser beams. Physical force is based on very powerful laws.

[Shiny nods sadly.]

—You could say that a Constellation’s class is determined by how closely they adhere to or deviate from the laws of physics.

I wondered what that meant; fortunately, the Inquisitor had an explanation forthcoming:

“The part about reducing the physical impact is surprisingly important! It means that although it follows the laws of physics, it isn’t completely bound to them! And you may wonder how that’s possible—”

“I guess it’s because each Constellation has their own laws, and the apostles use their Constellations’ laws to oppose the laws of physics.”

“Oh! You catch on quickly! I guess that’s expected from the Death King’s spouse!”

“You’re stating the obvious,” my duke answered.

I was confident that her adorableness alone made this small tactical meeting worthwhile.

—Zombie, focus. This is the moment that will decide whether this world will be destroyed or not, you know.
