	Those bigger countries were the anchors of yet other small countries, so these lesser states were swept along as well.

	The continent was vast, so unfortunate people were everywhere. For some, horrible illnesses made their flesh rot from their bones. Others could only lament as they limped through the streets. Some were born deprived of their abilities, such as vision.

	“Saintess of Salvation!”

	Estelle slowly gathered all the blind eyes, limp limbs, and rotten flesh in the world; her shadow grew larger by the day.

	“You are our salvation!”

	The bigger Estelle’s shadow grew, the smaller the land of humans became. Officials couldn’t tend to villages that the residents had abandoned. The kings and their cities were no better off.

	“You are the salvation of all the sick!”

	Rulers realized that Estelle was the name of the new plague they were dealing with—and they knew exactly how to end the plague.

	“Burn it!”

	It was fire.

	“Burn the witch’s nest!”

	Estelle’s people screamed as the fire consumed them before her eyes.

	“Show no mercy. All of them are cursed monsters! Don’t miss a single one!”

	No, humans were burning humans.

	* * *

	—You don’t see humans as human beings.

	In one way, it was a moan, but in another way, it was closer to a scream. Moans amassed into shadows, and screams into blades.

	—Let your malice swallow you! The Demon King’s sword quivered like a tormented moan as it sliced through the air.

	“Mr. Kim!” the Black Witch shouted.

	“It’s okay!”

	I faced the Demon King.

	A blast of wind rushed over me. It looked like the Demon King was about to fire her laser with her sword.

	Is it right? I focused my aura on the bottom of my feet. Or is it left?

	It was a fifty-fifty chance.

	The Demon King’s sword howled. Something redder than blood and hotter than fire struck me.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	It’s left.

	I died. Whenever I died, I went back twenty-four hours.

	[6 days 23 hours 53 minutes 27 seconds remaining until you can use the Skill Monster Legion Summon.]

	Returner’s Clockwork explicitly stated in its description that the Skill owner’s memories and abilities would be preserved. Skills were one of those abilities.

	[You have died.]

	[5 days 23 hours 51 minutes 42 seconds remaining until you can use the Skill Monster Legion Summon.]

	Just as the Sword Emperor’s memory was preserved when I regressed, my Skills’ statuses were preserved as they were at the time of my death. That included the additional effects, damage, causations, memories, and of course, the Skills’ cooldown time.

	[You have died.]

	A day was rewound.

	[4 days 23 hours 49 minutes 33 seconds remaining until you can use the Skill Monster Legion Summon.]

	I cleared the eleventh floor again without anyone dying. After I got up to the twelfth floor, I raised my sword against the Demon King. The Black Witch helped me. The Demon King, furious, summoned her monster legion, and I threw myself at them and died.

	[You have died.]

	[3 days 23 hours 47 minutes 15 seconds remaining until you can use the Skill Monster Legion Summon. ]

	I died.

	[You have died.]

	[2 days 23 hours 45 minutes 28 seconds remaining until you can use the Skill Monster Legion Summon.]

	And I died again.

	[You have died.]

	[1 day 23 hours 43 minutes 13 seconds until you can use the Skill Monster Legion Summon…]

	Another day was rewound.

	[You have died.]

	[23 hours 41 minutes 53 seconds remaining until you can use the Skill Monster Legion Summon.]

	The day arrived again.

	[The Skill Monster Legion Summon is available again.]

	After every seven fights, I could have one ultimate battle.

	“…Mr. Kim!” the Black Witch yelled.

	I nodded. “It’s okay.”

	In this life, I ran to the right without even looking at the incoming laser beam.

	The laser only managed to strike a couple dozen skeletons. The casualties of goblins and orcs were dozens of times higher.

	—You! You’re just a mere mortal! Do you have clairvoyance or something?! The Demon King’s voice shook with anger.

	“Something like that.”

	Like that, except for the part where it cost me an entire week to see.

	—How tenacious. You have the spirit of a bloodhound. The Guardian clicked his tongue.

	He continued to show me where I should swing my sword and how I had to move my feet.

	—But this Skill is super useful, Zombie. Test if you can double your legion later. Use the Skill and coop yourself up somewhere, and then a week later, use it again and bam!

	My brows furrowed. Let’s talk about it later, please!

	—I think the former summon will be canceled and only leave behind the skeletons from the later summon. But who knows? Four thousand may become eight thousand. Perhaps we’ll see the eight thousand skeletons miraculously becoming eighty thousand! Man, you’ll be promoted to the Zombie King! Kim Gong-Ja the Zombie King! How cool is that!

	Would you please shut up?! You’re distracting me too much—

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	Fuuuuuck!

	—Even if Kim Zombie dies a thousand times and becomes a skeleton; I don’t care whether or not Kim Zombie has a soul; His patheticness will never change. [1]

	You’re the reason why I’m dead! I have to repeat a week again!

	—That’s because you’re weak. Definitely not because of me. The Guardian giggled.

	I swear I’m going to kill you someday!

	—Wowwww. But I’m already dead. How are you going to kill a ghost? Aren’t you getting pissed, my zombie? The Guardian blew raspberries at me.

	For crying out loud…

	—Use it to take down the Demon King. I cleared the twentieth floor on my own even without your overpowered Skill. How pathetic are you, Kim Zombie?

	Shit!

	Despite what we said, me and the other Hunters continued to corner the Demon King further and further. While my skeletons fought the Demon King’s legion, the Sword Star would massacre any monsters that approached us. I prophesied the Demon King’s incoming attacks with my seven deaths, and the Black Witch used that to successfully strike the Demon King.

	“Black Dragon Master! The next attack is coming from the right!”

	“Okay!” The Black Witch scattered her black aura onto her mirrors.

	One time, two times, three times, four times… Every time the aura was reflected off of her mirrors, its strength doubled.

	The dark aura, its strength multiplied dozens of times, obliterated the Demon King’s waist.

	—Arghhhhhhhhh!

	The Demon King’s scream shook the sky.

	“Hahahaha! Nice shot, ma’am![2]” I laughed as I swung my sword.

	“Who are you calling ma’am! I’m not even married yet!”

	“Why are you still not married?!”

	“I’m. Still. Young!”

	“Come on. I know it’s all your eternal youth elixir! “

	“…Let’s talk in private after we take down the Demon King.”

	We overcame death countless times. The Black Witch was sometimes caught in the red beams. From time to time, it was the Sword Star. We fought tooth and nail. Every single one of the Demon King’s attacks was deadly, so letting down our guard for one second was instantly fatal. After one second, it was another second.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	But it didn’t matter. My determination was stronger than the Demon King’s lethality.

	—You… How dare you people… My grudges and resentment aren’t…!

	Only after the Black Witch’s aura had pierced the Demon King twelve times did she become a little slower. Her dark, viscous body boiled in the areas that had been struck.

	Huh?

	I could be mistaken, but I felt like I saw a glimpse of rosy skin before the wastewater boiled over again. It was really just a glimpse, so by the time I tried to find it again, the Demon King was already covered in wastewater.

	—Urgh! The Demon King hefted her sword.

	Although she didn’t have a face, I could feel that the Demon King was glaring at us.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has decided to retreat.]

	What?

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has retreated to the thirteenth floor!]

	That was so unfair! Blood instantly rushed to my head.

	“Hold on! What kind of a boss monster runs away right before the end!”

	—Don’t fool yourself! I’m going to return!

	“Look at this bastard.” I swung my sword, but the Demon King disintegrated before I could hit her.

	It was like there was an invisible sewage tunnel under the ground because the Demon King’s wastewater disappeared very quickly.

	“Hey! You sesame milkshake!” I cursed at the Demon King.

	It wasn’t just the Demon King. The monsters born from her shadow collapsed into bubbles like someone had flushed the toilet. The whirlpool of dark bubbles disappeared into the ground.

	“Wow. What the heck…”

	Out of nowhere, only I, the Black Witch, the Sword Star, and a few thousand skeletons were left behind. I was stunned—were my countless deaths going to become meaningless just like that?

	Just then, I heard the voice.

	[The Tower has accepted your decision.]

	[Creating a hidden quest.]

	[The twelfth-floor quest has been revised!]

	“…Huh?”

	The notifications kept coming for a long time.

	[The thirteenth-floor quest has been revised!]

	[The fourteenth-floor quest has been revised!]

	[The fifteenth-floor quest has been revised!]

	[The sixteenth-floor quest has been revised!]

	[The seventeenth-floor quest has been revised!]

	[The eighteenth-floor quest has been revised!]

	[The nineteenth-floor quest has been revised!]

	It was my first time dealing with something like this, so I didn’t know how to react. Could quests really be revised?

	While I stood there slack-jawed, a system window showed up in front of me.

	The Hero of the Paused World

	Difficulty level: Unknown

	Goal: You have decided that you won’t accept a single victim. It’s said that justice is about not asking for the price of salvation, and devotion is about not seeking recognition from those you save. A person who devotes themself to justice is called a hero.

	Hero! The world will never know your justice or your devotion. However, it will not change the nature of your justice and devotion.

	The wounded Demon King fled but couldn’t get far. If you wish, you’re free to chase after her. What remains now is your choice: will you continue to be a hero in the paused world?

	After introducing a quest only meant for me, the voice delivered a question.

	[Will you accept the quest?]

	My heart pounded. I didn’t have to think twice.

	“Yes, I will.”

	[The Hidden Quest “The Hero of the Paused World” is active!]

	[May luck be with you.]

	White light enveloped me.

* * *

	1. This is a parody of an old Korean poem called 단심가. It was made when the writer was asked to commit treason. It’s about his unwavering loyalty. ☜

	2. The raw is 사모님 나이스 샷. This is a joke that started from how Korean bosses used to line up their employees and the employees would clap at their bosses’ excellent golf swings. It’s now purely used to describe a good swing/hit/strikes. ☜

Chapter 41

My Time (2)

	I wasn’t the only one touched by the white light.

	[Searching for the Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence on the twelfth floor…]

	[Unable to locate the Demon King of Autumn Rain.]

	[It has been confirmed that the Demon King of Autumn Rain retreated.]

	[Initiating History Reformation.]

	The white light covered the vast plain like a dimly sparkling mist stretching all the way to the capital city. Drops of light—the only way to describe them—flew in the wind like dandelion seeds, descending on the land in an endless shower.

	“This is…” The Black Witch looked around in confusion. “Mr. Kim, what in the world is going on?”

	“Um, I’ve never seen anything like this either…”

	My eyes were on the light drops covering the world.

	Mr. Sword Emperor. Do you know what’s going on?

	—No, this is my first time seeing this too. What the heck is this? It’s scary.

	The dude was absolutely useless except for his sword lessons. I really had no idea how a gorilla like him had managed to clear the ninety-ninth floor.

	—Hmm? The Guardian frowned. Kim Zombie, you just trash-talked me in your head, didn’t you?

	What do you mean? I just thought that you were so great that a lowly man like me would never know what goes on in your mind.

	—Strange. The look on your face says otherwise… the Guardian grumbled.

	While we bantered, a change caught my eye.

	“Huh?” I pointed at the capital’s high walls. “Black Dragon Master, look over there.”

	“What?”

	“Up on the walls. There seem to be a lot fewer flags than before.”

	The golden and red flags of the empire waving on top of the ramparts were quickly disappearing. There used to easily be hundreds of them, but I could only see a few dozen of them now. The numbers were still decreasing.

	“…Yeah, you’re right.” The Black Witch narrowed her eyes. “Hold me. I need to check.”

	“Yes, I agree.”

	“Teleport!” The Black Witch grabbed my hand and used her Skill.

	The next moment, we were standing on the ramparts, giving us a full view of the spectacular city.

	“Oh my god…” the Black Witch breathed. “Everything is changing.”

	She was right. The refugee camps were gone. The Demon King had destroyed their homes, forcing refugees to flee to the capital from all across the continent. Their camps used to make up a slum, but when the white light descended… it was gone the next minute as if nothing had ever been there in the first place.

	The clothes of pedestrians on the streets also changed from rags to unmarred clothes. Even the rotten apples in the market stand slowly became fresh and glossy.

	“History Reformation…” I muttered to myself.

	“What?”

	“History has changed.”

	The number of guards patrolling the walls was also significantly lower. It wasn’t just the number—their eyes were no longer filled with the despair the Demon King had instilled in them. They were now just bored by the routine patrol; they were just people who were spending their daily lives.

	“The Aegim Empire is supposed to be being invaded by the Demon King. They had to either win the war or lose and perish. It was do or die, but…” I swallowed. “…it never happened in this world.”

	The possibility of the Demon King’s invasion was erased and no one was even aware of it. Yes, I made it disappear.

	“…History has changed.”

	The result was right in front of me.

	[The eleventh-floor stage has been revised.]

	[The twelfth-floor stage has been revised.]

	The white light covered the entire city. It touched a wandering waif’s cheek; some of the light landed on the sleeves of a blind man who staggered through the city wondering where his next meal would come from.

	The city’s streets, the intersections, an old shop with broken pillars, the houses which people would go back to after a day at work… The droplets gently covered the world like a soft blanket.

	[The History Reformation has been completed.]

	They soon disappeared.

	Both the Black Witch and I were silent. Not a sound could be heard in the frozen world, so it felt like the whole world was holding its breath with us. However, the silence was soon broken.

	“…It’s cheap! Very cheap!”

	“Fresh apples from Alebrandt! Freshest around! Sir, even elves won’t miss fruits in season! Why don’t you take a look at these fresh apples?”

	“The public bathhouses are poorly managed nowadays. I can actually see the dirt in the water. Gosh, those so-called civil servants can’t even properly manage the water, so what are we supposed to believe in…”

	I could hear sounds; time had resumed after I had accepted the quest.

	“I heard that the royal children cause problems every day! It’s said that when you walk near the palace walls at night, you can hear His Majesty wailing every night. I know it’s just a rumor, but I think…”

	“Do you want to have a drink this evening, just the two of us?”

	“Please spare us a coin. A coin! The goddess loves you.”

	“Alebrandt apples, even the elves love them! Get them here for cheap!”

	Life in this world breathed again. One of them paid attention to us.

	“You over there! Who are you?”

	The Black Witch and I turned. A general pointed his sword up at us.

	“How rude of you to waltz onto the ramparts! Get down here right now!” the general shouted with a scary scowl.

	I found him vaguely familiar.

	“Sarbas Aegim…”

	The general NPC’s eyes widened. It was like he had never seen me in his life.

	“Huh! You are an odd trespasser. How do you know my name?”

	…I see. I closed my mouth.

	The general shouldn’t have been here. He was supposed to be the first one to welcome Hunters on the eleventh floor. I had also intentionally gotten killed by him to copy his Skill.

	“Hey! Didn’t I tell you people to come down!” the general yelled. He treated me like a stranger now. The history of both the twelfth and eleventh floors had changed.

	Ah. I could feel my heart beating against my chest. Indescribable emotions clogged my heart, my chest, and then my entire body. The emotions were so intense that I couldn’t even speak. Why? The world regained its life, but my voice seemed to have been taken away.

	I looked down at the general, moving my lip soundlessly.

	“No, wait—I still can’t take the life of a hero!”

	“On behalf of the Aegim Empire, I offer you my sincerest gratitude.”

	“I was skeptical about the prophecy. This world isn’t even theirs, so I believed that it was unlikely for these heroes to fight for us. But I was worried for nothing. I would like to thank you again.”

	“Please protect the empire.”

	My memories with the general had already become old. The general’s smile from our last goodbye crossed my head. Ah, yes. That was what it was like.

	“Ha. Hahahaha. Ahaha! Hahahaha!”

	I didn’t know why, but I burst into laughter. I laughed so hard that I was bent over, clutching my stomach. The general gave me a look of utter bafflement. All of the soldiers’ eyes were on me too. While the Black Witch looked at me as if I was weird, the Guardian saw me as a madman.

	But I didn’t care. I was sad that the people of the empire had forgotten about me, but a much stronger emotion took hold of me. I cleared my throat and opened my mouth.

	“…I protected it!”

	My roar startled the general.

	“I protected it!”

	The soldiers on the rampart unwittingly took a step backward.

	“I protected your empire!”

	Yet I didn’t stop. Instead, I blended my roar with my red aura, spreading it far and wide.

	“I kept the promise!”

	The imperials in the streets, the intersections, their homes, and the shops raised their heads. My voice reached past the walls of the city and the palace and into the audience chamber. I laughed. My laughter echoed on and on.

	“I did it without any shame or regrets!” I stood proud on the ramparts and pointed at the sky. My palms were blackened by countless tally marks. I just didn’t want to have a single victim, so I had repeated the same day hundreds of times until I defeated the Demon King of Autumn Rain.

	“I’m proud of it! I did it!”

	I was happy. I had never been this happy in my entire life. My life used to be trash; I had been jealous and jeered at other people. My days had been drowned in alcohol. I had tried not to feel anything—I kept telling myself that I was keeping my cool, but in truth, I had given up on my life.

	[Stage Clear.]

	[The twelfth floor has been cleared today.]

	But it was different today. I could stand tall, at least today. I was able to hold my head high in front of the Black Witch, Sword Star, the empire, and the world. Above all, I could truly be proud of myself.

	[Announcement.]

	[The twelfth floor has been cleared.]

	That was the person I could be right now.

	[Calculating the number of champions…]

	[Calculation has been completed.]

	My heart raced in joy.

	[Announcing the three champions.]

	Light inscribed words in the sky above the empire.

	The Quest Completion Contribution List:

	First Place: Death King

	Second Place: Black Witch

	Third Place: Sword Star

	The NPC general probably wasn’t able to see it, so he stayed frozen by my roar.

	“W-what are you talking about…”

	“Sarbas Aegim!” I beamed at the general, making him flinch. “Protect your empire! I’m sorry to say this, but since the Demon King has been defeated, the heroes’ job is done! I’m sure that your empire is rotten in ways people can’t see and there are many problems you need to solve! Still, you are on your own! Good luck! Try your best! I’ll do my best too! Let’s go, let’s go!”

	“I-I have no idea what you’re talking about… I really… have no idea…” The general NPC opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish.

	—Hahahaahahaha! Pfft! Hahahahaha! Heeheeheee! Y-you lunatic! You wacko! You Zombie! I thought you might’ve grown up a little and learned from your past, but wow. You wacko, you just brag to everyone close enough to hear! I really want to know how your brain works! Scientists would be all over you! Zombie, I have to hand it to you! You’re a real piece of work! The Guardian rolled around in the air, laughing.

	I slicked back my hair. Then what else was I supposed to do? I find myself absolutely fabulous today.

	—Y-you madman…! You— Kim Wacko! Hahaha! Alright! I like your spirit! Hahahaha! The Guardian rocked from side to side.

	I turned back to the Black Witch. “Now, now. Black Dragon Master! What are you waiting for? Let’s get to the thirteenth floor!”

	The Black Witch sighed. She wore a complicated expression. “Yeah… Not many strong Hunters are sane. I understand. I consider it fortunate that you’re at least better than the Inquisitor.”

	“Huh?”

	The Black Witch grabbed my hand and activated her Skill. “Teleport.”

	The next moment, we were back on the plains. The Black Witch grabbed the Sword Star’s arm and before turning back to me.

	“The Rank 1 champion always gets to enter the stage first,” the Black Witch explained. “Say it on behalf of everyone, Death King.”

	That was the first time I was called by my title. A lot of things were my first today.

	I smiled. “Okay… Send me.”

	And I headed to the next stage.

Chapter 42

My Time (3)

	When the seemingly endless battles were finally over, the Black Witch, the Sword Star, and I finally arrived at the thirteenth floor.

	Even the number is ominous. Thirteen.

	Ominous or not, the place had an extraordinary presence.

	As soon as we were teleported to the stage, two completely different voices greeted us. One was happy, and one was dreadfully miserable.

	[Welcome, Death King.]

	The happy voice spoke first. The Tower no longer called me “Hunter Kim Gong-Ja”. I was now officially recognized and welcomed as a legitimate resident of the Tower. Was I too simple if a small thing like this made me happy?

	—Arghhhhhh! I won’t forgive you!

	The voice that followed was a piercing scream.

	—How dare you! My children! I took those children under my wings, and you took them from me! You mock me. You deceived me! Are you going to take away my flesh, my blood, and my soul now?

	The person the voice belonged to was riddled with holes and leaked wastewater everywhere—it was the Demon King, the master of red nightmares.

	—I curse you! the Demon King screeched, her head thrown back. The roiling wastewater—the Demon King’s black blood—showed her pain. She looked worse than when she had fled from the twelfth floor.

	—I curse you! I curse this world! I curse everything that is not me! If the world wishes to get rid of me, I’ll devour the world instead! Your oceans will be my bile, and your ground will be my flesh! Your flesh! Your bones! Your hearts! Your intestines! I’ll swallow them all!

	“Urgh…” The Black Witch groaned. That was how powerful the Demon King’s murderous scream was.

	Even the Sword Star took a step back and gripped his sword more tightly.

	“What an awful noise,” he mumbled. “I’ve never heard a voice like that. It’s like they have thousands of mouths.”

	“You can say that again. Why is the Demon King screaming like that…?”

	The Sword Star and Black Witch drew up their aura and covered themselves. The screaming was so powerful that it managed to overwhelm them even if it had been just for a split second. Only one person, my Guardian, was unfazed—as usual.

	—Huh? What? She’s weaker than before. The Guardian tilted his head.

	What? I asked.

	—That guy is a lot weaker than when you fought her on the last floor.

	A lot weaker? I carefully reexamined the Demon King.

	…The Demon King is weakened?

	—Yup. The Guardian frowned. That Witch woman gave her a good beating with her aura, so of course she’s injured. But she isn’t just injured… Her class is lower.

	Class?

	—Hmm. How should I say this? For example… The Guardian carefully picked his next words… Okay. I’ll compare that guy to a Goblin King. On the twelfth floor, that guy was a Class SSS Goblin King. You could say that that guy was a mix of Alexander, Arthur, and a goblin.

	Your analogies are getting more unique every day. When did you learn about Alexander the Great and King Arthur?

	—An emperor never stops learning. That’s how you become an emperor and stay one.

	Yeah, yeah. Mr. Sword Emperor. So the Demon King was a Class SSS Goblin King on the twelfth floor…

	—Yeah, and now she’s just a Goblin King. I’m not talking about the Goblin King who led the Demon King’s army on the eleventh floor—do you remember the weakened Goblin King you only managed to kill by Et-tu-Brute-ing?

	In the Tower’s time, it had happened not too long ago, but it was a nostalgic memory for me now.

	—Huh! Real weird! The higher you go, the stronger the boss monster is, normally, so what happened to that guy? Does the Witch woman’s aura grilling come with a level-down effect? The Guardian kept tilting his head in confusion.

	I looked around the devastated temple we found ourselves in. In the center, the Demon King was still screaming at the sky like a lion who had been ambushed. It made me think.

	…Did the stage change and the Demon King didn’t see it coming?

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the twelfth floor…]

	[Unable to complete the calculation!]

	[The Hidden Quest The Hero of the Paused World is currently active.]

	[The calculation will be completed after clearing the nineteenth floor.]

	[Only an unofficial reward is given.]

	[The God of War’s blessing has been enhanced!]

	[You now have the entire map of the Tower from the eleventh to the twentieth floors.]

	A translucent map lay in front of me. It was completely different from the map I had seen until now—all that had been was a mini-map that showed me one floor at a time. Now I had a full view of this world.

	As soon as I laid eyes on the world map, I understood.

	“I get it now!”

	“Huh?”

	The Black Witch and Sword Star looked back at me. The witch was confused while the Sword Star’s expression was brusque.

	“You get… what?” she asked.

	“I get why the Demon King is acting like that. Remember the previous stage, Black Dragon Master. The history of the Demon King’s invasion of the capital is gone. The city is completely different, and there isn’t even a refugee camp.”

	“So…?”

	“Think about it! Where would the refugees have come from? They were from all over the empire—no, the entire continent. But all the refugee camps are gone.”

	The Black Witch seemed to finally realize something.

	“…Ah, I see.” Her eyes narrowed. “It isn’t just about the empire. The refugees from the rest of the world are gone…”

	I nodded. “Yes, the entire continent has changed. At this point, the Demon King hasn’t invaded yet! Right now, we’re at the point where this temple is under attack!”

	Yes, that was it. It became clear after seeing the world map. This continent was divided into east and west by a mountain range so vast and tall that even a bird had to risk its life to cross it.

	However, in the middle of the mountain range, there was a region where the mountains became thin and low. It acted as a sort of gate controlling travel between the east and west sides of the continent. The temple we found ourselves in sat in that pass. It had a long history replete with legends. I wouldn’t even be able to guess the depth of the story behind this temple’s heavily fortified walls.

	Those fortifications were what made it a temple. This temple was the goddess’s shield. Behind it, to the east, were the plains where the smaller countries were located. Beyond them was the empire. Past the empire there was only the ocean, so the empire’s borders started from one horizon and ended at the other. The land of humans was very lively.

	In contrast, the west, outside of the goddess’s shield, was red. This was the Demon King’s dominion. She had destroyed the shield and forced her way into the east. That was how she had devoured the empire and the other countries until the humans had been pushed all the way to the ocean.

	That was what would have happened if history had gone as it was supposed to be.

	This is what History Reformation is!

	I understood that this world’s time had been rewinded. Perhaps the correct name for History Reformation was History Rewind.

	—Arghhhhhhhh!

	Yes, I perfectly understood the emotions behind Demon King’s desperate cry and what the Sword Emperor meant about her class.

	Her level went down, I muttered.

	—Huh? The Guardian furrowed his brows. Her level?

	Mr. Sword Emperor, do you remember the messages Hunters hear when they level up?

	Hunters heard messages of fixed formats every time they became stronger.

	[Your presence has become stronger.]

	[Your level has increased.]

	It looked like the Guardian also remembered receiving the same messages.

	—Are you talking about the message about your presence or something?

	Yes, that one!

	I understood the part about my level going up, but I had no idea what “Your presence has become stronger” meant and just thought the Tower was being pretentious… Looking at the Demon King made me realize.

	“The boss monster probably became stronger by killing countless people from both the empire and refugees. Every action, hunt, and massacre the Demon King’s done until now… was erased, and so was her growth.”

	That was why her presence was growing faint. I had changed the entire history of the twelfth floor and endured countless battles to weave my seconds together. That was how a weave of the Demon King’s second was undone.

	—Arghhhhhhhh!

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain is furious.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	The voice affirmed my conclusion.

	—You…! the Demon King growled. The bloodlust in her voice was no less intense than it had been before. However, no Hunter was overwhelmed by it any longer; the Black Witch, the Sword Star, and I glared right at the Demon King.

	“Let’s go. It’s time to launch a counterattack,” I said.

	* * *

	—Monsters! My children!

	The Demon King’s body popped and spat.

	Monsters appeared from the devastated ruins of the temple in response to the Demon King’s cry. They hadn’t been summoned, so I assumed that these monsters had been on the thirteenth floor from the beginning.

	There were thousands of growling zombies shambling toward us with their eyes lolling in their sockets. Many of them seemed to be from this temple; although several zombies wore the clothing of merchants, some zombies were wearing priestly garments. I also saw multiple zombies in paladin uniforms.

	—Kill them! the Demon King yelled.

	The horde of zombies closed in on me and the others.

	The Black Witch let out a sigh. “I’ve never been a fan of zombie movies…”

	“I’m not a fan either.”

	“Do you think you can do this, Death King?”

	“It’s not the matter of whether or not I can do it.” I hefted my sword. “I will win.”

Chapter 43

My Time (4)

	It took almost one thousand deaths to clear the twelfth floor. The thirteenth floor would need less than that.

	Mr. Sword Emperor, I said.

	—What?

	Let’s make a bet.

	—A bet on what?

	A zombie attacked me, so I sliced off its head. Since the zombie’s neck was already rotten, my blade went through it like tofu. There were dozens—hundreds—thousands of zombies coming at me.

	How many times do you think I will die before I clear the nineteenth floor?

	—Hmm. The Guardian stroked his chin. Okay. I’ll bet on less than a hundred!

	I grinned. Then I’ll bet on less than ninety-nine times.

	—Do you really want to go that low?

	Yeah, I really want to.

	—Alright. I’ll have fun watching you kill your own kind. Good luck, Zombie! But a bet is a bet, so I won’t be helping you this time. Deal? The Guardian chuckled.

	Deal.

	I smiled at the endless horde of zombies closing in on me.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	I died with a smile.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	“Gosh, I really should reduce their numbers first… Black Dragon Master, can you do something about it?”

	“I’m already trying my best since I’m the only one who can do area attacks. But it’s difficult. Can we use your Skill to fight fire with fire, Death King?”

	“Ah, yes, I’m going to use it, but the cooldown time isn’t over yet… It’ll take about three coins.”

	“What coins are you talking about?”

	“It’s a long story. Hmm, anyhow… Huh? This part on the mini-map… Mr. Sword Star! Can you destroy that large lid? The one on that coffin! I need to check something!”

	“Check what?”

	“I’ll explain later. Please destroy that one first! I’m a clairvoyant, remember?”

	“Hmm…”

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	“Okay, Mr. Sword Star! That stone coffin actually leads to a secret passageway. Underneath that lid, you’ll find a hammer that is made to deal with the undead! Can you go over there with the Black Dragon Master and use it?”

	“My life has been about my sword and sword only…”

	“It has an area of effect attack! Infuse your aura and slam the floor and a ground effect will be created to wipe out the zombie! Okay?”

	“How do you know that?”

	“Me, clairvoyant! Okay?”

	“What…?”

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	“I think the zombies are taken care of now. It’s time for the Demon King… What the heck is that?”

	“It’s a zombie. And it’s giant. I believe it’s a giant zombie.” The Sword Star stroked his chin.

	“Hmm, the temple obviously has a long history… Maybe it’s a soldier that used to protect this temple. It got killed by the Demon King and became their minion… I guess that’s what’s going on here. The Inquisitor could have looked into it if he were here…” the Black Witch mused.

	“Wow. Does he also know about religions in a different world? He’s a Class SSS theologist,” I said.

	“It’s just thanks to his Skill.”

	“Well, that makes a Class SSS Hunter.”

	“Do you really need to bring up that obnoxious man again? He makes me feel unpleasant.” The Sword Star shook his head. “Anyhow, I’ll deal with that thing.”

	“Yes, please do that, Mr. Sword Star!”

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	“Anyhow, I’ll deal with that thing.”

	I shook my head. “No, Mr. Sword Star. Please focus on subduing the zombies with that hammer.”

	“Young man, my sword will—”

	“Me, clairvoyant! Clairvoyant! Okay?”

	“Seriously… Phew. Who will deal with it then?”

	“It should be Black Dragon Master.” I turned to the Black Witch. “Please hit the cyclops’s eye with your laser beam.”

	“I’ve been wanting to hit that eye. The one, big eye smack in the middle of its face is practically begging me to hit it.”

	“Perfect! Let’s go!”

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	“Anyhow, I’ll deal with that thing.”

	“Monster Legion Summon!” I immediately shouted.

	“My god. Death King, does that Skill even have a cooldown?” the Black Witch exclaimed.

	“It’s a long story… Now, you two can deal with the cyclops—but Black Dragon Master, I need to make a request.”

	“What is it?”

	“Don’t hit its eye,” I answered.

	“Why?”

	“We’d be in big trouble.”

	“But, Death King, look at that giant eye. Look at it. Can you see it?”

	“Yeah… I’m looking at it. I know it really feels like it’s begging to be hit there. But we shouldn’t.”

	“Why? You know… Death King… Its eye… If you can shoot laser beams like me and see that kind of eye…”

	“Yes, I agree, Black Dragon Master. I would have tried everything in my power to dissuade you if you told me not to hit its eye. But I don’t have time to explain the reason right now. Please.”

	The Black Witch groaned.

	“Do as he says, Black Witch.”

	“Not you too, Sword Star…”

	“That young man told me he’s a clairvoyant. Let’s do as he says for now.”

	“…Okay… I’ll try my best… not to hit the eye.”

	“Thank you!”

	We ran, fought, and rescued each other. Sometimes we spent time hiding. We talked a lot, and we did a lot.

	—My children…!

	We took down the zombies in the temple.

	—My general…!

	We defeated the cyclops, who must have been a legend when the temple still functioned as the shield of the eastern lands.

	—Ahhhhhh…!

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has decided to retreat.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has retreated to the fourteenth floor!]

	And once again, we pushed the Demon King back to the next floor, just like we had done on the twelfth floor. Drops of light flew in the air. The temple, the gateway dividing the continent, shone like a newly polished shield.

	A bell rang, and hymns drifted into the air from within the temple. While merchants from the east rode on horses, those from the west were on strange walking birds as they exchanged greetings. The paladins sparred, their hammers swinging with enthusiasm.

	An orphan left at the temple secretly admired the merchants and paladins. However, his escapade was quickly discovered by the priests, and he was dragged to the chapel by his ear.

	And the cyclops was sitting on a mountain ridge where it had a full view of the temple, looking bored. Whenever a fluffy cloud brushed past its head, it sneezed, its big eye blinking.

	“The Mountain King sneezed!” the orphan cheerfully exclaimed. Not a hint of fear could be heard in his voice.

	After giving the orphan a playful tap on the head to warn him, a priestess paid her respects to the one-eyed giant. It grinned and waved its hand at her.

	Ahhh…

	“Death King.”

	Hmm.

	“Ah, yes…” I shelved my thoughts. “Black Dragon Master, let’s go. Are you ready, Mr. Sword Star?”

	“Hold on. The merchant over there sells good whetstones,” the Sword Star commented.

	As he sharpened his sword, I looked away from the giant and examined the map. A big chunk of the red land was gone, but the redness in the map was squirming, as if reflecting the Demon King’s anger. She had sworn she would be back—still, we still had enough time for the Sword Star to hone his blade with his new whetstone.

	“Death King.” The Black Witch grabbed my hand.

	When he was done with his sword, the Sword Star immediately took her hand as well.

	“Send me,” I said.

	The light enveloped us again.

	“Hmmm. It seems the fourteenth floor is a forest, and the Demon King… is hiding.”

	“Be careful. I’m sensing bloodlust from all directions.”

	“You’re right. Let’s go slowly. Slowly.”

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	That was how we defeated the Demon King, who had the corrupted Elf King of the cursed forest.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has decided to retreat.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has retreated to the fifteenth floor!]

	And then we took down the Demon King, who had the Mermaid Queen of the Reverse Waterfall under her command.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has decided to retreat.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has retreated to the sixteenth floor…!]

	The next time, we defeated the Demon King who controlled wyverns residing around an erupted volcano.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has decided to retreat.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has retreated to the seventeenth floor…!]

	History was rewinded to the time before the Demon King’s invasion of the empire. Then before her invasion of other countries and the fall of the temple the humans called the Goddess’s Shield. Time quickly reached the point before the Elf Forest fell under a curse, the reversal of the Mermaid Waterfall, and the eruption of the Primordial Volcano.

	Further and further. History went back to the era before the Demon King reigned as the monarch of absolute evil. Events slipped away like a fleeting wind. It all happened like falling blossoms on other blossoms and an ocean wave on another ocean wave.

	Every time I and the others reached the higher floor, the Demon King’s land got smaller and they grew weaker.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	Just like how the Demon King was weaker on the thirteenth floor than the twelfth floor, she was worse on the fourteenth floor. Little by little, she grew weaker on the fifteenth floor.

	[You have died.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has decided to retreat.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	[You have died.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has decided to retreat.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	…

	After ninety-seven deaths, I reached the nineteenth floor, which was the barren outskirts of a small, nameless country.

	—You! You! The Demon King screamed. She ground her teeth and glared at… Her eyes weren’t on the Sword Star or the Black Witch; the Demon King’s death glare was solely directed at me.

	—Only if it weren’t for you!

	Her eyes were red with anger.

	—It’s all because of you! You! You should have taken the proper steps…! Yes! None of this would have happened if it weren’t for you! How dare a murderer from a different world—

	I drew my sword. “Wow, I finally see your eyes.”

	—What…?

	“I mean it literally. I finally got to see what your eyes look like.”

	The Demon King of Autumn Rain was a viscous shadow before, so she didn’t have eyes. She had a head but not a face. While her arms may have been present, her hands were missing. The endless, bubbling coat of wastewater hid her entire body.

	Yes, the Demon King’s mask was finally broken.

	“It doesn’t make sense. The Demon King and the heroes never got to look each other in the eyes. It’s a ridiculous tragedy.”

	The wastewater finally failed to cover the Demon King’s bloodshot eyes. Although her eyes were still filled with wrath… I wasn’t afraid of them. I was rather delighted as I pointed my sword at the Demon King.

	“Gimme your best shot.”

	—You…

	“Or run away again. Don’t you want to know how much weaker you’ll become if you do? But you’ll never win unless you give it everything you got. “

	Even without the reward I would receive by clearing the nineteenth floor, the Demon King was going to be significantly weaker on the twentieth floor.

	—Watch your mouth… How dare you. You’re just a hyena biting away at my flesh. What do you know…! Despite her curses, the Demon King seemed to be at a loss.

	I slowly opened my mouth.

	“Estelle.”

	The Demon King’s red eyes widened.

	“I warned you—fight me with everything you’ve got.”

	And I leaped forward. The Demon King—Estelle—screamed, dark fluids splattering everywhere.

	“Otherwise, my time will be longer than your history.” I let the scream roll over me, my eyes fixed firmly on my destination.

Chapter 44

The Demon King's Name (1)

	The time I had to endure to get here was long. It was about time I thought back to a certain nightmare I had. In the battle of the twelfth floor, I, a drop of water, had been part of an intense current before I had gotten killed by the Demon King. That was when I had seen her trauma, the nightmare that belonged to the master of nightmares.

	[Initiating your Skill penalty.]

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	[The penalty’s intensity level is intermediate.]

	[The penalty’s theme is the Preta Realm.]

	[Recreating Monster Demon King of Autumn Rain’s trauma.]

	A village was engulfed by an inferno. I was standing in the center, alone.

	“Burn it!”

	“Burn down the witch’s nest!”

	No, I wasn’t on my own. At least I had the Guardian by my side. The person who was truly alone in this inferno stood on the opposite side. Her name was Estelle, the Saintess of the Outskirts and the salvation of all the sick.

	“Don’t show any mercy. They are all cursed monsters!”

	“Don’t miss anyone!”

	Estelle’s confusion left her speechless. She had no idea what was going on, so she just opened and closed her mouth. Why? Why were humans burning other humans? The people they were burning were the parents who had expressed their gratitude to her for giving their babies new lives. All of those babies were also being butchered now.

	“It is our lord’s will!”

	Soldiers with a myriad of flags destroyed the village’s wooden fence.

	“Our king has ordered us!”

	Knights wielded their swords, each of their armors engraved with different symbols.

	“His Imperial Majesty of the Great East, guardian of the rising sun and protector of all those living between the land and ocean and…”

	“A heretic dares to call herself a saintess, so our great pope…”

	“The Forest Monarch tasked us with this mission, so please, my elemental spirit, upon this arrow…”

	“Using the gem given by the Mermaid Queen, our magic staff…”

	“The Primordial Volcano Dragons are also here to uphold our oaths! Dragons, release your fire on those wicked…”

	They stated their affiliation and names. Yet Estelle still couldn’t understand. Who were they? Who were they to burn other humans?

	“Ahhh! Arghhh!”

	“Save me!”

	They were thorough. First, they surrounded the village like they would do with prey, leaving no room to escape. Some families tried, but they were soon caught. The villagers were about to be skewered by spears or cut by swords; even if they managed to avoid them, they would be shot with arrows or magic spells. Perhaps they could have avoided all of that by some miracle, but the fire ultimately drove them to the village square, the only place they could run to.

	The village was the paradise Estelle had created. She stood in the center of it, peering through the swirling smoke.

	“Hold on a little longer. Hold on…”

	A father hunched his back, creating a small sanctuary. His young child cowered within while the father took on the sparks and swallowed the smoke for his child. The child got to live a minute longer than her father.

	“A little more…”

	An old man and an old woman took each other into their arms. Estelle thought that they were saying goodbye to their life partners. However, when she looked a little closer, she realized that she was wrong—there was a baby between them.

	“Just a little more…”

	When the fire reached them, the grandfather and grandmother screamed, but they didn’t let go of each other. Even as the fire burned their elbows and slowly turned them into lumps of coal, the old couple didn’t move. Their hug wasn’t a goodbye, it was a desperate sacrifice to save the child. The old couple died first, and the cries of the baby between them died out a minute later.

	One by one, the coughing in the plaza stopped.

	“Why…?”

	The village had a family whose orchard made them the richest. There used to be an old man who went out at every dawn to tend to his farm. When fall arrived, an old woman in the village used to go out and admire the golden wheat fields.

	However, no one’s health was perfect. Terminal illnesses lay dormant in their stomachs. Cancers were corroding some of their brains and spines. There were those whose eyes couldn’t see and whose legs couldn’t be used to walk. There were too many sicknesses in this world, so Estelle had been gladly eating them away.

	“Why…?”

	Her heart turned darker than all the diseases she had swallowed. It was scorched by the fire and stained by the smoke. She tried opening her mouth, but the smell of fire filled it. That was when she realized that her heart had become a little darker. The village burned all night, and so did Estelle.

	Estelle scraped up the piles of ashes that remained after her paradise had burned down. No one interrupted her; they had all left when they had seen the fire engulfing the village.

	“Lefandor…”

	There lay a father’s corpse.

	“Dajenna…”

	Under him was the corpse of a baby.

	“Solape… Chou… Ugensache… Mobazaijan… Topo… Enna… Garcorp…”

	She used her bare hands to shovel the village’s remains, turning her fingers dark. Her fingernails broke and bled. Even her blood eventually turned dark, but she kept digging. And then she opened her mouth to eat the flesh and bones. If there weren’t any flesh or bones, she choked down the ashes.

	Human flesh was no longer fragrant. It no longer piqued her appetite, nor could she feel any beauty from it. The only thing left after the fire was the smell of smoke. Yet Estelle continued to devour everything the fire had touched, even if it was unsightly.

	“You pitiful things…”

	Estelle’s mouth became dirty and black. Her teeth and throat were also painted black as the body fluid welled up in her stomach and her blood turned into slime. It wasn’t just her blood—something was coming out of her eyes. They probably were not tears, given their opaque blackness.

	“You pitiful things…”

	That was why it was just filth. The waste created after the other humans used and abandoned it flowed and flowed until it filled Estelle’s heart. It had nowhere else to go.

	“You pitiful things…”

	The dark stream didn’t stop flowing.

	“All of you…”

	It flowed over the village square.

	“All of you… All of you are human.”

	The sewage spread throughout the village.

	“All of you were born human, so you must know the beauty of life and how to shed tears. So why?”

	It reached the plains.

	“Why would you call them monsters? Did you burn them because they were? They also knew the beauty of life and how to shed tears. Was it not enough? Is that why you called them monsters and burned them without a second thought?”

	It flowed to the mountains.

	“Are you the only ones who are humans? Is that the reason why you people are the only ones who are allowed to smile and shed tears in your world? Are you the only ones who get to stay beautiful in your world?”

	The grudges rained down.

	“Is that why you get to be human? And… they… my children should remain monsters, forever? Is that what your world is like? I see. You people need proof to accept others as humans.”

	Howls and cries burst out of the heart.

	“Then it’s your turn to prove it.”

	The sky rained.

	“Show me.”

	It continued to rain.

	“I curse you all.”

	With the rain, no villages, even the ones on the outskirts, were going to be engulfed in fire.

	Her children and heart had lost their color. Her blood now only flowed as ashen wastewater, but red rain fell upon this world in remembrance of her blood.

	“Let your malice swallow you.”

	The rain continued.

	“You… you people made me like this.”

	It went on and on.

	“That is why I made you like that. “

	It continued.

	—Gong-Ja. Wake up. This isn’t your hell.

	With difficulty, I managed to blink.

	[The trauma recreation has been completed.]

	[It has been confirmed that the ego of the subject under the Skill penalty is intact.]

	[Ending the Skill penalty.]

	—Gong-Ja! Now is the time!

	I blinked again, clearing my vision so I could see what was in front of me. No, what was shown to me.

	—I see an opening in her head!

	I wandered through the moment as if it were an eternity. In front of me was a person covered in darkness. In my hands was a sword because there was someone I had to cut down.[1]

	She continued to drown in sewage. Water was still water after it was cut, so it had to be cut many times.

	—Arghhhhhhh!

	More filth dripped from the Demon King’s wounds. Perhaps this wasn’t waste, or else it wouldn’t be red. It was blood. The Demon King bled red blood.

	—Urgh… Gahhh…! The Demon King staggered backward.

	One step. Two steps. When I was on my third step, no more wastewater surged from the Demon King’s right arm. She still left behind dark pools of waste, but they grew smaller with every step I took.

	—Hufff… huff…

	The wastewater was slowly stripped away from the Demon King.

	When the flow stopped, she began to bleed instead. Her blood was red like the color of life.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	The being of absolute power was now gone.

	—No… This can’t be happening… Agh…! The Demon King tried to cover the weeping wounds on her left arm using her right hand, as if she refused to let a single drop of blood go. No, it was more like she was trying to scoop up what had been spilled long ago

	—My children… I can’t… Their grudges and resentment…

	“Retreat,” I quietly said.

	While a sword could cut the flesh in two, a voice could sever the soul. The Demon King froze as if she had been cut by my voice.

	“Go back to the twentieth floor. You’ll never be able to defeat me. Go back to your main base, the last scraps of your territory.”

	The state of the war was already evident on my world map. The blue reached the mountain range and beyond the Goddess’s Shield. The one-eyed giant looked over the temple. The forest was filled with dancing elves. Mermaids played around the waterfall. A clear lake replaced the lava in the crater of the Primordial Volcano… Every region of the continent was blue; it was the land of humans again.

	“Go back to your start.”

	Only a small region of the continent was red—closer to a dot. A fire may be able to burn an entire plain, but it eventually died out to a spark. A flood that might have reached the bottom of the sky would turn into a drop of water in the end. Only a red dot, dim as a firefly, was left on the wide world map.

	“That will be your end, Demon King.”

	—You… The Demon King looked up and gritted her teeth.

	The sewage had stopped flowing, so she now bled. Half of her body was scorched. Only one of her red eyes shone with its vicious light; the other half of her face was still covered with ashen sludge.

	“Hmm.” The Sword Star gripped his sword.

	The Black Witch leisurely lined up her six mirrors. “I’ll let you make the final attack, Death King.”

	In no way was it possible for her to even try turning the situation around. Having peeked at the Demon King’s trauma, I felt like this was like the siege the humans had created to surround her village.

	—Gah!

	The Demon King had no choice but to run. However, she couldn’t take that choice because she also knew that it wasn’t the answer either, just as running to the village square to get away from the fire had only lengthened the villagers’ lives by a minute. Fleeing to the twentieth floor would only mean a slight delay in her defeat.

	—Shit…! Shit!

	Blood dripped out of the Demon King’s mouth.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has decided to retreat.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has retreated to the twentieth floor!]

	Yes, a human would flee even if they knew it meant death by fire. The more the Demon King ran, the closer she became to a human.

	[It has been confirmed that the Demon King of Autumn Rain retreated.]

	[Initiating History Reformation.]

	[The nineteenth-floor stage has been revised!]

	Drops of light settled over the world once again.

	When the Demon King had disappeared, I turned around.

	“Mr. Sword Star.”

	“Hmm.”

	“Black Dragon Master.”

	“Yes?”

	“I appreciate your help until now, but I’m sorry.” I bowed. “I want to clear the twentieth floor and see the end with the Demon King on my own. Let me go alone.”

	The Black Witch shrugged. “It’s fine with me. You’re the main reason why we were able to get this far. I already promised you not to do anything for five days anyway… It was me who broke the promise and helped you, so I’ll really stay put this time.”

	“Today is our fifth day. Meet up with me after you finish clearing the twentieth floor. You and I have a lot to talk about.” The Sword Star sheathed his sword.

	“I understand. Thank you.” I bowed once again before I said, “Send me.”

	[Welcome, Death King.]

	And I headed to the twentieth floor, the village where the Demon King, Estelle, had been born.

* * *

	1. The raw is 일도양단(一刀兩斷). It’s a four-letter idiom that carries two meanings. (1) Cutting something in half. (2) Making decisions without hesitation. ☜

Chapter 45

The Demon King's Name (2)

	[One challenger has entered the boss monster stage.]

	[The challenger’s name is Death King.]

	[May luck be with you.]

	This was the second time I entered a boss stage. If I compared then and now… many things were both the same and different at the same time. One of the similarities was the notification messages. Just like the time I had challenged the Infernal Mansion, I was alone, and as always, the Tower wished my luck. However, there was certainly a difference too.

	[Initiating collective calculation for clearing the eleventh to nineteenth floors.]

	I was no longer an ordinary challenger. I was the champion who was now on the twentieth floor after clearing from the eleventh to the nineteenth floors. The Tower welcomed the champion by blowing the trumpet nine times.

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the eleventh floor.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the twelfth floor.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the thirteenth floor.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the fourteenth floor.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the fifteenth floor.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the sixteenth floor.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the seventeenth floor.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the eighteenth floor.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the nineteenth floor…]

	[Calculations have been completed.]

	I walked on as I listened to the welcoming melody.

	[The Tower has acknowledged your feats.]

	[You have received the right to upgrade your Skill.]

	[You are able to upgrade any Skill below Class EX.]

	It was like an anthem to me. The Tower had created the stages in advance and assigned premade quests to them. However, I chose not to walk down the set path. I had created entirely new stages and cleared them in my own way. The Tower acknowledged my way as if it was okay too.

	[Adjusting the Death King’s authorization level!]

	[You have been temporarily given the authorization level of an apostle.]

	[The temporary authorization level will be maintained until you are given your reward.]

	[You may choose which Skill you will upgrade!]

	The stages I had cleared weren’t set in advance, so there were no predetermined ways to clear them. No rewards were decided either.

	…I see. The Tower is leaving the choice to me.

	I nodded.

	I didn’t know why the Tower had been built or who had built it. I also had no idea why the Tower was filled with lives from different worlds. There were many mysteries, but I could guess what kind of being the Tower was.

	The Tower watches what choices we make.

	And the Tower also remembered my choices.

	Alright. I drew my sword. I’ll show you my choice again.

	Lefanta Aegim’s Holy Protector Sword, the relic used by the Aegim Empire’s first emperor, resonated with my aura. I pointed the glowing blade at my enemy. She was standing in front of a small village, the entrance to the twentieth floor.

	“It’s time you met your end, Demon King.”

	She growled quietly like a dying animal. The fire of the world drove her away and eventually caught up to her, leaving her only this small haven.

	—It’s…

	The road to the village was lined up with acacia trees in full bloom. In the middle of the road, the creature stood alone.

	—It’s my village! Don’t ruin my paradise!

	Her cry echoed off of the trees.

	[Initiating the boss monster stage.]

	I was going to defeat the weakest boss monster in the world. I briefly looked up at the clear sky—an endless, unbroken sea of blue. It made me sure that it wasn’t going to rain today.

	* * *

	White acacia blossoms silently fluttered through the air, covering the road in white. Only the sound of breathing disturbed the silent world.

	—I won’t forgive you!

	The breaths were hoarse.

	—I will never forgive you! I still see the burn marks and smell the scorching scent! They’re branded in my brain! Your fire! Your malice! Do you think I’ll forget them? she cried as she swung her red sword.

	Every time she screamed, her world became smaller. The twentieth-floor stage was especially small—it was less than one-hundredth the size of the other stages on my mini-map. Looking at it on the world map didn’t help either. It was just one red pixel on the world map.

	That was the twentieth floor’s boss monster stage.

	—Are you trying to go back?

	The world’s smallest boss monster stage was just an ordinary, rural village, and in it was the world’s weakest boss monster.

	—Are you going to go back in time and burn my paradise again? Again! You people are always like that!

	On the road where acacia blossoms fell, the Demon King howled. As feeble as it was, however, it was enough to fill this small world, her small village.

	“The tables have turned completely.” I deflected the Demon King’s sword and responded with a sharp attack. “Do you remember? You’re the Demon King, and I’m the hero. You invaded the twelfth floor, and I stopped it. You never know how life is going to turn out, do you. Now you’re protecting your land from me.”

	—Die!

	“I’m sorry, Demon King.” I flicked my wrist. “That is the most meaningless thing you could say to me.”

	I parried the Demon King’s attack without a problem. My strength was on another level from the Demon King. She couldn’t handle my parry and left an opening that was as wide as a highway. I slashed the Demon King’s upper body.

	—Arghhhh!

	Her red blood splashed onto the ground.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	It dripped on the white acacia blossoms, fouling them with the smell of blood.

	“You’ve gotten weak, Demon King of Autumn Rain.” I took a step forward, crushing the red blossoms beneath my feet. “You’ve gotten so much weaker.”

	The Demon King wheezed and coughed.

	“But it isn’t enough.” I swung my sword. “Become weaker.”

	—You…

	“Become much, much weaker than you already are.”

	When I cut the Demon King, the blossoms became a little redder.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	The road behind the Demon King was white, but the road behind me grew redder and redder as I got closer to the village.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	I took another step.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	And then another. Every time the Demon King stumbled backward, the number of white blossoms decreased. At the same time, more red acacia blossoms covered the road with each step I took.

	—Gah… Urgh…

	The filth dripping from the Demon King, the mixture of grudges and resentment, was stripped away, revealing her body little by little.

	—No…

	The first was the top of the Demon King’s feet.

	—No…! N-no more…!

	Next was her two legs.

	—Ugh…

	Both of her legs were revealed entirely, and then her waist and then her torso. Soon, I could see her long neck.

	—Tower, no… Don’t…!

	I swung my sword again.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	Finally, the sludge on her face was stripped away. Her chin, her lower lip, her upper lip, her nostril, the edge of her nose, and her cheeks were unveiled.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	Next were her red eyes and white forehead.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	Lastly, her hair, which resembled an unruly mane, lost its darkness one strand after another, until every last bit of the waste was gone.

	—Ah…

	She moaned. Her thin arms quivered, unable to bear the sword’s weight.

	—Urgh… Urghh…

	The person standing under the acacia tree was no longer the Demon King. No one in the world would call someone who couldn’t even properly hold up their sword a demon king.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s presence has weakened.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain is no longer able to maintain authorization level.]

	[Adjusting authorization level.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s title has been revoked.]

	And then the Tower didn’t call her the Demon King either. The person who used to be the Demon King quivered.

	—No…!

	The white light enveloped her. She writhed as if it were a swarm of bees.

	—No…! Don’t! No! You can’t do this!

	However, it was no use. The light wrapped around her refused to dim.

	[Announcement.]

	The light delivered the execution.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s title has been revoked.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain’s authorization level has been revoked.]

	The Constellation who once held absolute power had fallen.

	—Ahhhh…! Ahh! Ahhhh! Arghhhhh!

	She frantically reached out for the drops of light scattering into the air, but they couldn’t be captured. They slipped between her fingers as they flew away.

	—Ah.

	Only a weak animal was left behind.

	“Ahh. Ahhhhh. N-no… Ugh…”

	She was no longer the Demon King of Autumn Rain, master of nightmares, nor the Saintess of the Outskirt. She was just a feeble being.

	“Yes.” I clutched my sword. “Now you’ve weakened enough.”

	“Stay away… Stay away from me…”

	“Then stop me.” I took a step toward her. “How are you going to stop me? Are you going to bring up my right? Will you use your sword? Use anything you can.”

	I took one more step.

	“If you don’t, I’ll stand in front of you.”

	As I approached her, she stumbled away.

	“You… You people…” she wheezed, “have no right to do this to me… after what you did to my children…”

	“You’re wrong.” I got a little closer. “Just like you said before, I’m an outsider from a different world. Yes—beastfolk, the temple, the kings, the emperor… Everyone in this world united to burn you and your village. Let’s say that not a single person on this continent is free of responsibility, but it doesn’t apply to me. I’m a complete outsider, so Hunters like me bear no responsibility.”

	She moaned and took a step back.

	“You don’t have the right to hold me accountable.” I went a step closer. “And of course, you no longer have the power to stop me.”

	The quivering in her body reached her voice.

	“I… I didn’t do…”

	“You didn’t do anything bad?”

	“I—! I just treated the sick…!”

	“The real Estelle would have been scared like you are right now.” I narrowed my eyes.

	She was startled.

	“She screamed for her father’s help,” I calmly continued. “She screamed that she didn’t want to die. What did you do with her?”

	I confronted her with what she’d done before she became Estelle and gained the memory of a human.

	“She struggled to break free from you, but you sank your teeth into her neck. You devoured her against her will and became Estelle. And there was the baby the woman cherished. She trusted you to save him, but you ate him. Yet you acted all pompous, all high and mighty, and told her that you saved him. You betrayed the woman’s trust.”

	“Th-th-that’s… not true,” she stammered, bewildered. “I…”

	“You hid the truth. You hid the fact that you took Estelle’s place and devoured the baby. You knew that people would get the wrong idea, but you kept your silence because you were afraid that people would treat you like a monster. You deceived people.”

	I took another step forward.

	“Your excuses are of no use. No one in this world can understand you better than I do. I know what you went through and the emotions you felt. I know every one of your changes. You aren’t an impeccable saintess or an innocent victim. I don’t need to bother bringing up the woman and baby—the moment you ate Estelle, you lost all claim to innocence…”

	“I—!” she shrieked. “I didn’t know!”

	I stopped walking.

	Her teeth clattered. She covered her face, but her plaintive howling still slipped between her fingers. “I-I didn’t know. I didn’t have the memory of a human… or knowledge. I didn’t know…”

	She didn’t know what it meant to save someone. Nor had she been aware of what struggling or pleading were.

	“At the time… At the time… I didn’t know what it meant… I…”

	“Are you saying you made a mistake because you didn’t know?”

	“Yes! If I knew, I would have never…”

	Before she could say “eaten Estelle”, I said, “That is what humans do.”

	She stared blankly at me.

	“The kings who burned you and your village could give you the same excuse. They certainly would—no, I’m sure they already have. What did they say when the world was covered in blood and you stood in front of them?”

	“I didn’t know.”

	“We didn’t know that what you did wasn’t out of malice.”

	“We thought you were just an evil witch.”

	“We believed you were a monster.”

	“If we had known…”

	“They were… obvious lies…” She clenched her fists.

	I nodded. “I’m sure that some people lied. No doubt they gave the order to burn you and your people out of a lust for power, or because of their arrogance, or their prejudice. So I’m sure that there were people who tried to escape their responsibilities. Why wouldn’t they? They’re human, after all. But are you really sure that every human was like them? Can you be certain that none of their excuses were actually said with sincerity?”

	“I…”

	“Even if every last ruler tried to avoid shouldering responsibility, it changes nothing,” I bluntly stated. It had to be said. “What about the soldiers who just followed their orders? How about the people who suddenly had to flee from their homes? Do you think no one among them could have sincerely said that they didn’t know?”

	Her face contorted harder than the time she had been struck with my sword.

	I got closer to her. “What did the one-eyed giant from the mountain tell you?”

	She fell completely silent.

	“I’m sorry, but I’m not a man of learning,” I quietly said. “I only know one kind of justice in this world.”

	I came closer.

	“And it’s karma.”

	Her shoulders trembled.

	“An eye for an eye. If you believe that what you devoured and spat out of your shadow was a human, then okay. Go through the same thing. At least it would be fair that way.”

	“W-what are you talking about…?”

	“Tower!” I looked up at the sky. “I want to use my reward now!”

	I pulled out a golden Skill Card to use the reward for clearing the eleventh to the nineteenth floors.

	Monster Legion Summon

	Class: SS

	Effects: You are able to summon those you killed as monsters. The deceased won’t have their original abilities nor have their memories. They are only summoned as monsters like goblins, orcs, zombies, and skeletons.

	※However, you can summon your legion only once a week.

	I held up the Class SS Skill Card to the sky. “You said that I can upgrade whichever Skill however I want!”

	[The Tower affirms your statement.]

	[The Tower explains that the upgrade is not limitless.]

	[The Tower uses an example to help you understand.]

	[It is acceptable to upgrade an SS-Class Skill to SSS-Class.]

	I nodded—I only needed one upgrade anyway.

	“I ask for an upgrade on the Skill Monster Legion Summon!”

	[The Tower asks what upgrade you want.]

	“You don’t have to upgrade anything else! I just ask for a change regarding the part that the deceased won’t have their memories! If I want, the deceased I summon will have their memory!”

	The woman flinched. “What… are you trying to do…?”

	“How is it? Isn’t it a reasonable request!?” I shouted, ignoring her. “I’m not asking you to preserve the dead’s abilities and Skills; this isn’t even a request to cut down my Skill cooldown. Memory! I only ask to change the part about their memory! I want the people I kill to remember their life!”

	The sky fell silent. For a while, everything was quiet.

	[Evaluating the level of your upgrade…]

	[Evaluating…]

	[The Tower has acknowledged that your request is reasonable.]

	[Confirming your request.]

	[Will you use your reward for clearing the eleventh to the nineteenth floors on the Skill Monster Legion Summon?]

	“Yes.”

	[The upgrade you want for the Skill Monster Legion Summon is as follows: if you wish, the dead’s memory shall be preserved.]

	[Is it correct?]

	“That is correct.”

	[The confirmation has been completed.]

	[Requesting Zrakua’s approval.]

	[Approval has been received.]

	[The Death King’s request has been approved.]

	The familiar white light wrapped around my Skill Card. After the burst of light faded, I slowly read the card.

	Monster Legion Reincarnation

	Class: SSS

	Effects: You are able to summon those you killed as monsters. The deceased won’t have their original abilities. However, if you wish, the deceased will have their memory and appearance. If not, they are summoned as monsters like goblins, orcs, zombies, and skeletons.

	※However, you can summon your legion only once a week.

	Monster Legion Reincarnation was the new name of my first Class SSS Skill.

	Good.

	Everything worked out like I wanted it to.

	I turned back to her. Our eyes locked.

	“I’m going to kill you. If you don’t like how I phrased it, then think of it as me devouring you. It’s just like what you did with Estelle, the sick, and the children using your shadow. I’ll devour you…”

	I slowly raised my sword.

	“…and spit you out the same way.”

	She trembled in fear.

Chapter 46

The Demon King's Name (3)

	Fear was the most human emotion.

	“Eek…”

	The fallen Constellation experienced it in full force. She feared her unknown future and she feared the threat of death. She feared me. Every time I moved closer, she moaned in terror, but it wasn’t enough to stop anyone from approaching.

	“I’m really glad that you became a human,” I said. “Think about it: if you remained a monster, you wouldn’t have been subject to my Monster Legion Summon even after all the trouble I went through. Well, I guess it’s Monster Legion Reincarnation now. It doesn’t really matter what the Skill’s name is though…”

	“Ahhhhhh!” In a last-ditch attempt to beat her fear, she grabbed her familiar—almost iconic—red greatsword. However, it was so heavy that she couldn’t even properly lift it. She frantically swung it about with her thin arms, its weight throwing her wildly off balance.

	Of course, she would never get me with such random attacks. I avoided them with ease. Once, twice, thrice… The fallen Constellation continued to swing her sword, trembling.

	—She’s a lost cause, the Guardian blurted. His brows were deeply furrowed. Her basic form is clumsy. Her feet aren’t properly planted on the ground, and she isn’t even looking forward as she attacks. There’s no conviction in her attacks. What is she even trying to do after the swing? Tsk—this is a prime example of someone who relied too much on their Skills and aura. She isn’t even a swordswoman.

	The Guardian had stayed silent since I had cleared the nineteenth floor, but it seemed that the fallen Constellation’s so-called swordplay upset the Sword Emperor too much for him to contain his grumbling.

	—Look, Zombie. Look at her. She’s the reason why I always tell you the importance of honing your basic skills. You are the only one you can rely on when the end comes. Show her.

	And I did. With one stroke, my sword destroyed the other sword.

	The two swords shrieked as they clashed. The fallen Constellation’s eyes widened in dismay.

	“Ahhh…”

	Her greatsword was broken in two.

	“Ahhh… Urgh… Ahhhh…”

	What was left of the fallen Constellation’s will to resist vanished. The feeble animal sank to the ground, crushing the acacia blossoms beneath her diminutive frame.

	The end of the Demon King… I calmly looked down at the cowering creature. The one who reaps death…

	The message that the Tower had given me with my title suddenly crossed my head.

	[Hail to the king who reaps deaths.]

	The message somehow seemed to fit the situation. I wasn’t sure how I felt about that.

	Yeah, but it isn’t wrong.

	I slowly tightened the grip on my sword.

	—Uh, Zombie? Hold on a second, the Guardian interrupted as I was about to cut down the fallen Constellation’s head. I know you’re in your moment. Sorry for the interruption. Well, to be honest, I’m not really sorry. I just said it because I was bored. Anyhow, wait a moment. Don’t kill her yet.

	As always, the Sword Emperor was Sword-Emperoring again.

	“Geez. What now?” I snapped out loud. I didn’t bring the Sword Star and Black Witch to the twentieth floor anyway, so no one was around to mistake me for a madman.

	—I mean, you seem to take it for granted. The Sword Emperor shrugged.

	“What are you talking about now?”

	—Hear me out. Let’s say that she isn’t a monster, sure, but does that make her a human like you? Who knows? She may have become a normal NPC.

	“So what…”

	—Are you sure NPCs can be controlled using Monster Legion Reincarnation?

	I came to a stop. “Uhh… I think so.”

	—You’re a real pushover, so you’ve never killed an NPC. It’s clear that monsters aren’t targeted by Monster Legion Reincarnation, but we don’t know if it applies to NPCs. What are you going to do if you go with the flow and the Tower just goes [Sorry! An NPC isn’t a valid target!] Huh? You’re going to make things real awkward.

	“Wait, but…”

	—Wake up, Kim Zombie! I’m speaking from experience. The Tower is very strict when it comes to a matter like this, the Guardian scoffed.

	The fallen Constellation was still studying my face with eyes filled with the terror of death.

	Shit. I cursed as I read the Skill Card again.

	Monster Legion Reincarnation

	Class: SSS

	Effects: You are able to summon those you killed as monsters. The deceased won’t have their original abilities. However, if you wish, the deceased will have their memory and appearance. If not, they are summoned as monsters like goblins, orcs, zombies, and skeletons.

	※However, you can summon your legion only once a week.

	—See? It’s vague. The Guardian pointed at the card. Who knows if NPCs are included? Can you be certain about it? Huh?

	“N-NPCs are humans too. Humans.”

	—Well, that’s what you think, Mr. Kim Zombie. The Guardian looked dead serious. Try negotiating with the Tower before you slit her throat.

	“Negotiate with the Tower…?”

	—Why? What’s wrong with that? You already did it once and it went well enough earlier. Doing it again won’t really be a problem.

	The Guardian had a point.

	“Excuse me, Tower…?” I awkwardly looked up at the sky.

	[The Tower directs its attention to you.]

	Fortunately, the Tower didn’t ignore me, which would have been a disaster. It looked like I could freely converse with the Tower, at least for the time being. I had received a message that said I temporarily had the authorization level of an apostle, so maybe that was the reason.

	“Can I ask you a question?”

	—Hey, you were all demanding earlier, so what’s up with your tone? You’re ridiculous.

	“Emotions got the better of me earlier… Ah, forget it! Be quiet, please!”

	While we bickered, the Tower answered me.

	[The Tower asks what your inquiry is.]

	“Let’s see. So is an NPC included in the dead for Monster Legion Reincarnation? Or does it only count Hunters like me?”

	Tower gave me an unexpected answer.

	[Inquiring Zrakua for confirmation.]

	[Unable to confirm.]

	[The answer to the inquiry exceeds the Tower’s authorization level.]

	“Pardon?”

	The Tower wasn’t done with the surprise.

	[Checking the inquirer’s authorization level.]

	[Passed.]

	[The Death King temporarily owns the authorization level of an apostle.]

	[The Tower has conceded the Death King’s inquiry to be a formal agenda.].

	[The Tower has requested the Six Pillars of All Life to convene for a majority vote meeting.]

	The white light blinded my eyes.

	* * *

	…Huh? I blinked after a moment.

	I found myself alone in a place I wasn’t unfamiliar with, but that made me all the more confused. It was the Underworld, my dark hell and the starting point after every death. In other words, I had no business here unless I died.

	Why am I here…?

	The voice brought me back to my senses.

	[Identifying the participants.]

	It wasn’t just the voice.

	[The Sixth Pillar, Primordial Staff, has joined the meeting.]

	[The Fifth Pillar, Mirage-Walking Princess, has joined the meeting]

	[The Fourth Pillar, Bystanding Moon of Blind Faith, has joined the meeting.]

	[The Third Pillar, Legislator of the Beginning, has joined the meeting.]

	[The Second Pillar, Void-Dancing God, has joined the meeting.]

	I tried to make as little sound as possible. No matter how hard I looked around me, all I could see was never-ending darkness, but I could feel the presences.

	[The participation of the Six Pillars of All Life has been confirmed.]

	[The Tower has shared the agenda raised by Temporary Apostle, Death King.]

	The presence was too strong to just call it presence. They were everywhere as they looked at me from beyond the darkness.

	[All participants have received the agenda.]

	I felt all of their gazes on me.

	[Proceeding with the majority vote on the agenda.]

	[Is an NPC included in the subject of the Skill Monster Legion Summon?]

	[Please vote in favor if you agree on including an NPC as the subject.]

	[Please vote no if you disagree on including an NPC as the subject.]

	—Gesh… la… ZaquA cho… Deo…

	—Sato, yovela? Weloyo-na Shu…! Deo phenta…

	—kunto, nyola Gesh-ve-Nail na? Nai-Gesh-Nail na?

	The invisible beings spoke quietly in a language that I didn’t understand. It seemed to be a language made from the shadows themselves.

	Invisible snakes were all over the place. I heard hisses from the above, below, left, and right. The voices resembled the movements of snake tongues. The long, red tongues slipped into my ears and touched the corner of my brain.

	—Gesh… Mula-Gagamia… cho Gretehen Weloyo…

	—Nail.

	I felt lightheaded and dizzy. I was certain that only my consciousness was there, but I felt like vomiting. I would do anything to vomit out this uneasiness in my stomach—no, my brain. It was like those tongues were coating my very soul in a thick layer of grease.

	—Layo na.

	—Gesh. Nail. Nai—Gesh—Nail.

	—…

	—…

	—Deo zakun.

	Just then, the voices stopped, and the Underworld went silent. None resumed talking. The tongues stroking my brain through my ears stopped moving too. I finally felt like I could breathe.

	I managed to pull myself together.

	These beings aren’t from the Tower! All of the languages that people in the Tower use are automatically translated… but theirs is different. They live outside the Tower. They’re incomparably superior to the Demon King of Autumn Rain!

	Perhaps they were the beings who had built this Tower, inhabitants of places I couldn’t even imagine.

	[Proceeding with the vote on the agenda.]

	After a long silence, I heard the familiar voice. It made me feel right back at home.

	[The Sixth Pillar, Primordial Staff, has voted against the agenda.]

	[The Fifth Pillar, Mirage-Walking Princess, has voted in favor of the agenda.]

	[The Fourth Pillar, Bystanding Moon of Blind Faith, has voted in favor of the agenda.]

	[The Third Pillar, Legislator of the Beginning, has voted against the agenda.]

	[The Second Pillar, Void-Dancing God, has abstained from making a vote.]

	Two consents, two dissents, and one abstention.

	I froze. I had yet to discover who they were and where they were from; however, it was clear that they had the right to decide what my Skill, Monster Legion Reincarnation, could do. But they made a vote which resulted in neither yes nor no. Why? What did they want from me?

	…Wait. Realizing something, I looked around the—blissfully free of hisses—place. There is… one being who hasn’t voted yet.

	Yes, I had heard it when I was summoned here.

	[The Tower has requested the Six Pillars of All Life to convene for a majority vote meeting.]

	Even before I heard the hisses, I received a similar message.

	[Identifying the participants.]

	[The participation of the Six Pillars of All Life has been confirmed.]

	Yes, there are six of them!

	The Tower had vouched for it. If so, the vote tally right now was odd because only five votes had been cast. Where did the last vote go?

	And who was the last one? What about them made everyone else go silent?

	It was because the last being was the Tower’s master. There was no need for them to join the meeting because they had been here from the start. It was how they knew everything going on in the Tower.

	I looked straight at the dark region where I could feel the strongest presence and tried to consider the situation as calmly as possible.

	…I-I think it’ll be yes. Let’s say that NPCs shouldn’t be included as my Skill’s subject. Then how did the Demon King summon all her monsters? I’m sure that all of the people of the empire and the kingdoms that the Demon King killed used to be NPCs.

	I could feel them watching me silently.

	I understand what all of you are worried about. I might kill any NPCs and use them as my summons… But I’m sure I’ve shown you all what kind of a person I am.

	The place was dark, but I still turned to face each presence one by one.

	That isn’t who I am, I continued, and I won’t be like that in the future either.

	No matter how strong an opponent I was dealing with, I always had two choices: fight them or persuade them.

	The Demon King gets to use NPCs as her summons, but I can’t? That’s unfair.

	—Not bad.

	The whisper felt close and far at the same time. It gave me goosebumps. Every syllable spoken felt like an electrical shock.

	—But you’re thinking too hard.

	The voice was tinged with laughter.

	—Death King, try speaking from your heart, not your head.

	After a short silence, I said what I wanted to say.

	That Demon King is my prey, so don’t touch her.

	The being burst into laughter.

	[The First Pillar, Master of All Life, has voted in favor of the agenda.]

	[Compiling the votes]

	[3 consents. 2 dissents. 1 abstention.]

	[NPCs shall be included as the subject of the Death King’s Skill Monster Legion Reincarnation.]

	As the master laughed, the darkness shattered like a glass window. Empty gaps spiderwebbed my already empty hell, but light soon seeped through them.

	[Revoking the Death King’s temporary apostle authorization level.]

	[Ending the meeting.]

	[May luck be with you.]

	As the brilliant light enveloped me, I realized that I had successfully persuaded the Tower.

	* * *

	—Zombie? Hey, Kim Zombie?

	When I opened my eyes again, I could see the acacia blossoms, my Guardian, and the fallen Constellation who used to be called the Demon King of Autumn Rain. The acacia blossoms were soundless, and the fallen Constellation didn’t dare to make a sound. Only the Guardian disturbed the peace.

	—Why are you blanking out? Ask the Tower, the Guardian urged me. Hey, Mr. Kim Zombie? Zombie King, can you hear me?

	It felt strange. It seemed that only the blink of an eye had passed… but at the same time, it also felt like an eternity. It was really odd. The memory of the conversation I had just now instantly faded away—I had trouble recalling what we were even talking about.

	“Mr. Sword Emperor…”

	—Finally, you’re speaking. Did I tease you too much, Zombie? Is your brain actually taking after a zombie’s?

	“Didn’t you hear that? Couldn’t you see it?”

	—What are you talking about?

	“The Tower summoned me to the Underworld… Talked about some ‘all life’…and pillars… Something that I think is the Tower’s master showed up and laughed… Do you have any idea what I’m talking about?”

	The Guardian looked at me like a dog with rabies and frowned.

	—Zombie, I’m sorry. I must have called you Zombie too many times. Man, I’ve never sincerely apologized to anyone, but I suddenly feel real bad… I’ll tone it down from now on, so get a hold of yourself.

	The man in front of me was a legend. He had cleared the ninety-ninth floor of the Tower in a different world, gaining the title of Sword Constellation[1] and becoming a Guardian… Even he didn’t know what I was talking about.

	Who did I meet just now? Who in the world… I felt a chill run down my spine.

	…No. I clenched my hand around the hard metal of my sword’s hilt. Stay calm, Kim Gong-Ja.

	I swallowed and looked forward. The road I needed to take was still there, and the fallen Constellation was laying in the middle.

	I still don’t know many things, but I know that now is the time to deliver the final strike on my prey.

	I slowly raised my sword. Maybe I would discover something once I reached the hundredth floor of the Tower.

	—Huh, Gong-Ja? Are you going to just kill her? Are you sure you don’t have to ask the Tower? The Guardian tilted his head.

	“It’s okay. I already got my answer,” I said.

	The fallen Constellation extended her hand. “H-hold on…! Save me—!”
