SSS-Class Revival Hunter

– SSS급 죽어야 사는 헌터 –

- VOLUME 2 -

-AUTHOR-

Sinnoa

[ WUXIAWORLD ]

Chapter 100

The Play (1)

The blood flowing from the mirror dripped onto the ground. At first, it was only one or two drops of blood, like a faucet that wasn’t properly closed.

However, the moment the clock tolled in the distance, the flow of blood changed. It poured uncontrollably from the crack in the mirror.

One drop of blood swelled into a river, which split into six. The hallway was soon covered in blood. When the clock rang for the twelfth time, announcing the witching hour had come, we were standing in the middle of a carpet of blood.

I instinctively wrapped my arms around Lady Silver Lily’s shoulders. The puddle of blood was deep enough to reach my ankles. The slimy, sticky sensation was ominous.

“My lady, this is…”

“This is my nightmare,” Lady Silver Lily whispered in my arms. “Don’t let your guard down, butler. This place is, for all intents and purposes, another world. Others don’t know and can’t see what’s happening here.”

From this sea of blood, thousands of bubbles rose and burst and thousands more rose anew. But some of the bubbles took on proper forms instead of bursting away.

[The Silver-Plated Heart has appeared.]

They were demons that looked like mouths. No, they were actual mouths, but just red tongues and lips without any face or body, grinning.

—Your Highness.

—I hate you.

The mouths of blood bubbles rose and burst continuously. The words they muttered were barely connected. Their voice kept breaking up like a disharmonious chorus.

—His Highness the Crown Prince is kind.

—When he wasn’t the crown prince, he picked flowers for me.

—He just wiped away my tears with his sleeve instead of a handkerchief. He’s so kind.

—It’s because he’s so gentle.

—Still…

Lady Silver Lily pierced one of the mouths using her rapier. It burst, but more mouths—two or three times more than before—rose from the sea of blood. The demons’ bloody giggles made the sea buzz.

—How lovely.

I also swung my sword.

—What is the point of loving someone who was born perfect?

The demons’ combat prowess was insignificant. They actually didn’t even fight against us and simply took the attacks.

—Even though he’s lacking in many ways…

—True love is embracing their flaws and guiding them.

However, their psychological attacks were getting on my nerves.

—I’m in love with you, Your Highness.

—I know how to love too.

—I am a noble who knows how to love.

The unpleasant feeling made me bite my lip and swing my sword faster to cut down the blood bubbles.

—Are you going to kill me?

—It’s no use. The harder you trample on a tragedy, the more addicting it becomes.

—Did you see that Goldencup hitting on His Highness?

—Disgusting.

The sea of blood undulated as the demons continued to laugh.

—He’s innocent, so he still dreams of a romantic life. He doesn’t love Goldencup. She’s just his escape from the throne.

—He’s a poor man.

—Poor, poor man.

Damn it. I had seen something like this before.

The Demon King of Autumn Rain!

Before I had taken her under my wings and given her the name “Preta,” the fallen Constellation had been like this. The demon king made the sky shed blood and she had legions of monsters at her beck and call. All of those were the abilities of a Constellation—these demons were Lady Silver Lily’s summons.

[The Silver-Plated Heart’s presence has become stronger.]

Something other than the mouths emerged from the sea of blood. Hands. Two hands, clasped together like those of a bride and groom in the middle of a wedding.

—Raviel, your family and the imperial family engaged us.

—Engagement… is it?

—Yes, that’s right. But I don’t want to have a marriage of convenience.

The demon hands of blood locked their fingers tighter, squeezing out fresh rivers of blood.

I realized that the demons’ play was a reenactment of a memory from Lady Silver Lily’s past.

—Ignore the engagement. The adults have done it without our permission. Regardless of what the adults tell us to do, I’ll love you.

—Your Highness.

—I’m here today to formally propose to you. Raviel, when we grow up a little more, will you marry me?

Dozens of mouths surrounded us and answered simultaneously.

—Yes, I will.

—I promise I will love you.

—I will love you too, Your Highness.

That son of a bitch didn’t even take responsibility after saying such things?

—He probably forgot.

—It was a promise we made in our childhood.

—There’s nothing that can be done about it.

—People forget very easily.

The mouths of the bubbles let out bursts of laughter.

—There’s nothing I can do about it!

I couldn’t hold back my boiling anger any longer.

As I took a step forward, I concentrated my aura on my leading foot.

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Eighth Form:

Fire Death.

My aura spread together with the waves of the blood sea, boiling it away.

—Look at you, the Guardian said from behind me. Now these random monsters can’t even touch you. You’ve come a long way, my Zomsparrow.

Normally, I would have made some sort of witty reply to the Guardian’s teasing, but I didn’t feel like doing that right now. Instead, I swept away the demons in the hallway with one swing. They burned away, but didn’t even scream—they just laughed until the end, pissing me off.

“Damn it.”

As they burned, my emotions kept boiling inside me. I was angry. I despised the crown prince. Because of that man, a person as noble as Lady Silver Lily was hurt, and she had even made a wish that could never be undone. It made me furious.

“When—!” I inhaled sharply to clear my throat. No matter how angry I was, I didn’t want to raise my voice at Lady Silver Lily. “…When did you become a Constellation? These are summons of a Constellation. They’re your creation.”

They recognized us as allies. That was why they didn’t even fight back.

Lady Silver Lily nodded knowingly. “This is what happened the moment I stabbed my heart with the sword.”

After some time, the blood flow reversed and crawled back into the gap of the mirror like leeches, little by little.

Lady Silver Lily watched them go. “It seems that there was no Constellation in this world. It’s hard to tell whether the world had one but was killed, or whether there was never one from the beginning.”

Lefanta Aegim had probably killed the Constellation, but now was not the time to discuss that. I just listened to Lady Silver Lily.

“Over time, the demons become larger and more powerful—and their numbers also swell. It becomes more difficult to control them as we’re doing right now. And on the tenth day…” Lady Silver Lily paused. After shaking her head, she continued. “…Anyway, as the last ten days of this world began to repeat, I automatically became the world’s representative. Even if I don’t want it, the world’s clock revolves around me.”

—Hmm. The Guardian rested his chin on his palm. That isn’t a normal Ascension. In terms of murim, she used a rogue sect’s method to reach her level, not that of the Righteous Faction. The sword piercing the mirror is just a fragment, but it is a relic that used to be the Goddess of Protection.

—Well, the Guardian muttered, If you jam something like that in your heart, you’ll become a Constellation even if you don’t want to… She isn’t a complete Constellation, though. Still, she’s in an infinite time loop. It’s not karma a human can endure. Anyway, it must have been the result of many overlapping coincidences.

Can a person become a Constellation even though they don’t want to? I asked.

—Yup. Let me ask you this, Zombie: were you born as a human because you wanted to be?

Seriously. Out of all the ways he could have answered the question…

—The important thing is whether or not they met the conditions. Their intention doesn’t matter. There are many people who suffer because they’re human, and surprisingly many Constellations suffer because of their identities. It’s very easy to make your life miserable. Do you get it, Young Heaven?

“Phew…” I suppressed my anger toward the crown prince. It left a bitter taste in my mouth.

Lady Silver Lily was watching me. “How strange. Are you not disappointed?”

“What?”

“What you said is right. Regardless of what happened, those demons are my summons. They didn’t make up words to chant. I muttered those words in my dreams. They are my unconscious thoughts.” Lady Silver Lily tilted her head. “I swore a timeless love. To keep that love pure, I have to remove the dust and filth that pile up on my love every day. Those demons are the dust and filth.”

Disappointment. Frustration. The desire to be reciprocated. They were the grease on one’s mind and curses in its purest sense.

“Aren’t they ugly?” Lady Silver Lily muttered. “I told you about my love. I was going to stop here—that is why I brought you here: to destroy any illusion about me.”

“Disappointed?” I exhaled sharply, but it wasn’t a sigh. That breath was the product of my struggle to rein in my anger. “Ugly? I don’t know much, but I can assure you that I’ll never be disappointed in you because of something like this.”

“…Like this?

“You told me your secret and bared your heart to me. My lady, a truly ugly person never shows their heart to others. They only know how to hurt people—they just pretend to be carefree and calm.”

Fuck you, Fire Emperor.

With that thought, I stepped closer to her. “If anything, I’m worse. You would be disgusted if you knew what I think about.”

“I’m curious.”

“If you brought me here to get rid of me, you made the wrong choice, my lady. I didn’t fall in love with you because you were perfect.”

Lady Silver Lily paused because I said love. It made my face flush, but I wasn’t going to hold myself back.

“It’s only been a day since you fell in love with me,” she said with a slight frown. “You flatter me too much.”

“Is the fact that it’s only been one day a problem? Would it be okay if it was after a year? How about a thousand days? Shall I come back then? I can see what kind of person you despise. Those are whom I despise too. I can also tell what hurts you. I love the way you lead your life, too. I can say this because I’m living the same kind of life as you.”

Were my words reaching her? Was I expressing myself clearly? I couldn’t tell. I had never said something like this to anyone else, so I wasn’t used to it. But I wanted the woman in front of me. I wished she would have me too. What I wanted was for both of us to have each other and share one life.

“I love you as much as I love myself, and I hope that is how you’ll love me too.”

Those were my genuine feelings. All I knew was to be one hundred percent true to my heart.

“I’m going to make you love me. I won’t tell you to abandon the crown prince; even if I don’t ask you to, you’ll abandon the crown prince at some point.”

“My heart…” She trailed off.

“Yes, this world is holding your heart captive, but it doesn’t matter. If that’s the problem, I’ll solve it. Maybe you’ll still love the crown prince after that—then I’ll become overwhelmingly better than the crown prince and loiter around you to catch your eye.

“Did the crown prince give you unforgettable nostalgia when you were young? That doesn’t matter,” I whispered to her. “We’re regressors, and there are only two of us in this world.”

I could tell that my face was red right now, but I said what I had to say.

“There will be a lot of time that only you and I can enjoy. I’ll use that time to bury you in happy memories that will make your nostalgia for the crown prince fade away. I’ll try my best.”

“Hmm.” The corners of Lady Silver Lily’s mouth rose slightly. “Are you going to repeat the last ten days forever? You’ll eventually get tired and give up.”

“That doesn’t scare me. This isn’t the first time I’ve repeated the same days.”

“What if I get tired of you and ask you to disappear from my sight?”

“I’ll do as you ask.” I reached out and grabbed her hand, which was free after she had lost her lantern in the fight against demons.

It required courage, but fortunately, I had all the courage I needed.

I shook my head. “But it’ll never happen.”

“How so?”

“You weren’t even tired of the crown prince, and I’m a better person than him. If I’m making you uncomfortable, please tell me now. I’ll disappear.”

Lady Silver Lily silently observed my face.

“…This is a problem,” she eventually said. “I should find you annoying, but I don’t. And I don’t think it’ll happen any time soon either.”

Suddenly, we heard an urgent cry from far down the hallway:

“…tler!”

Lady Silver Lily’s residence, where even the servants were asleep, suddenly became noisy.

“Where…! Bu…!”

We soon heard footsteps; the servants had woken up. The building was lit up here and there. Before long, the gray-haired servant came running toward us.

“I’m sorry, my lady.”

Lady Silver Lily let go of my hand. “What’s all this fuss about this late at night?”

“I’m sorry to say this, but…”

The distant voice began to resolve.

“Butler! Where are you, my butler!”

My face hardened. The voice that was all too familiar.

The gray-haired servant bowed to us. “Lady Goldencup is causing a commotion.”

Chapter 101

The Play (2)

The moon was stained slightly red because of the dusty sky tonight. When a person bled, they were also covered in red. The coincidence made me uneasy.

It looked like the moon was bleeding. I walked, my anxiety dogging my heels like a shadow.

I could hear the servants talking in the distance.

“You shouldn’t do this here, my lady!”

“This is the property of the Duke of Ivansia!”

“I know His Highness cherishes you, but it’s late in…”

“She’s basically an intruder,” Lady Silver Lily muttered as she walked beside me. Her tone reflected her contempt for the Inquisitor—no, for Lady Goldencup. “Considering that she came at this hour, she’s probably not here to have tea with me. Butler, did she ask you to arrange a visit?”

“No, she didn’t.”

I was also baffled. It was already past midnight. The Inquisitor had no reason to meet Lady Silver Lily right now.

The day before yesterday, we had a talk.

“I’ll temporarily be working as Lady Silver Lily’s butler,” I said. “It’s to get information about her and use that to conquer this stage.”

“Hmm.” The Inquisitor’s expression changed subtly, although it was brief. He quickly resumed his usual bright smile. “Okay! It’s inevitable for the sake of the mission. I understand. Good luck, Mr. Death King!”

That was what we agreed on. That was supposed to be our agreement.

“Bring my butler!”

We got closer to the voice.

“My butler! I know you’re here!”

In the flower garden of Lady Silver Lily’s villa, the dark night sky couldn’t completely hide the spring in it. White magnolias’ heads drooped with the heavy weight of spring on them. The red moon shone down on them, painting an illusion of a garden filled with purple magnolias in full bloom.

“Ah!”

A magnolia petal fell.

“There you are, my butler! I knew it!” The Inquisitor pushed away the guards at the gate.

While the guards hesitated, unable to use force on a noble lady, the Inquisitor lifted his dress and strode into the garden, trampling the fallen petal.

He smiled. “I was worried because you didn’t come back even though it was late. You made your master worry so much that I had to come all of the way here. Isn’t that inexcusable for a servant?”

My anxiety reached a fever pitch when I saw the Inquisitor. The moonlight was shining down on his blond hair, which had grown even longer than yesterday.

“My lady…” I barely managed to say.

“You’re my one and only butler and my childhood friend, so you mean more to me than just a servant. Is it too inelegant of me to ask you to understand that?”

It wasn’t just his hair. I could see traces of the Inquisitor in his appearance, but he was somehow unfamiliar.

Did he use a Divine Formula to change his appearance? I wondered. Why?

“Anyway, you shouldn’t be in a place like this. It feels like even the flower beds in this garden are poisonous. Now, my butler.” The Inquisitor approached me. “Come back with me.”

“How insolent of you.” Lady Silver Lily stopped him. “Just causing a commotion like this in the middle of the night is a crime enough to have you lashed. Don’t tell me you’re unaware of where you’re raising your voice right now. Get on your knees right now and confess your wrongdoing.”

“Oh, are you going to hit my calves with a cane after that?” The Inquisitor smiled thinly. “If you’re going to hit me, please do it hard, my lady. I wonder what would happen if I show the wounds on my calves to His Highness. It’ll be one more fond memory for His Highness and me to share.”

“H-how can she even say that…!”

The servants trembled. The crown prince’s fiance was officially Lady Silver Lily, but the Inquisitor boldly threatened to turn him against her. Flushed with anger, the servants glared at the Inquisitor.

“Really?” Lady Silver Lily quietly muttered.

The servants paused at her voice. I also felt a chill in my heart for a moment.

“I suppose you would.”

Her voice froze the blood in my veins.

“It’s beautiful to try building memories during your school days. Well, even a dive in a trash bin becomes a nostalgic memory at your age. Since you want to build beautiful memories, I, as a noble of this empire, will assist you.” Lady Silver Lily raised her left hand. “Bring me a cane.”

The servants trembled.

“M-my lord…”

“I remember giving you an order not to address me like that here.”

“If His Highness were to find out about this by some chance…”

“She raised a commotion on my family’s property. Are you telling me I should just let her go? Even if I do, the news will spread and tarnish the family’s name. The law takes precedence over all else, and His Highness is responsible for upholding the law.”

The servants held their breath. They didn’t look convinced because the crown prince wasn’t that kind of person, but none of them could voice their doubts.

“My left hand is still empty,” Lady Silver Lily chided. “Bring me a cane. Don’t make me repeat myself again.”

The servants quickly moved around on the magnolia-covered path to bring her a cane. They all looked down at the ground, as if they were afraid of the moonlight reaching their faces.

Only two people here, Lady Silver Lily and the Inquisitor, were holding their heads up straight.

In the end, I had no choice but to approach the Inquisitor. “My lady. What’s going on? Why are you here at this hour?”

“You’re asking an obvious question. I came here to get what’s mine back.” The Inquisitor grinned. “I’ve been waiting for you since this morning, but you never came back. At first, I thought you had an emergency, but then I heard that you were by Lady Silver Lily’s side.”

The Inquisitor cupped his cheek. “I realized right away that she was using your weakness to threaten you. That’s her specialty, after all. Poor you, you got caught in the crossfire because of His Highness and me…”

I didn’t understand what he was saying.

“Don’t worry.” The Inquisitor’s smile was still bright. “I won’t lose anything to her anymore, whether it’s His Highness’s love or your loyalty. Cane? She can lash me as much as she wants. It doesn’t matter. I’ll save you, my butler. She’s the one who’s going to be hurt if she lashes me.”

“No… I’m sorry. Please excuse me for a moment.” I moved a little closer to the Inquisitor so no one around us could hear what we were talking about. Fortunately, no one stopped me from doing so. “My lady.”

“Yes, my butler.”

I swallowed my saliva and whispered, “Mr. Inquisitor.”

Silence prevailed for a moment.

“Yes?”

My heart pounded. My lips were dry, and I couldn’t move my tongue. I never realized how hard it could be to weave words together into a sentence.

I slowly said, “When spring comes.”

“Pardon?”

My heart…

“Mr. Inquisitor…”

“What are you talking about, my butler?”

“If you’re joking around like last time, I’m going to be mad. I mean it. I’m asking you very seriously right now, so please answer me properly. How high is your immersion level?” I asked, urgently.

The Inquisitor blinked. “Huh? It seems like you’re the one who’s joking, my butler. Are you feeling nostalgic? Or maybe you’ve become a little unstable after spending an entire day with her. Hahaha, I can understand that.”

“When spring comes…”

The Inquisitor laughed. “Spring is already here, my butler.”

No.

“Isn’t it a beautiful season?” Lady Goldencup laughed.

The servants who had scattered across the villa returned. They kept their heads low as one of them offered Lady Silver Lily a cane.

“I-I brought the item you ordered…”

It was thin. I could tell that they had run around the mansion looking for the thinnest cane. It was probably their way of showing their loyalty.

However, Lady Silver Lily coldly said, “Bring me a different one.”

The servants flinched and went back inside the villa.

“A different one.”

The order was repeated four times. The cane became rougher and thicker each time. When the servant bit his lip and brought her the fourth cane, Lady Silver Lily took it in her left hand.

“Lady Goldencup.”

“Why don’t you call me by my real name, my lady?”

“Sylvia Evanail.”

“Yes, Lady Raviel Ivansia.”

The moon and the sun faced each other.

“You’ve trespassed on the duke’s property and caused a disturbance. Yet you haven’t said a word of apology. There is a clear hierarchy in the empire, so your insolence makes me appalled. I will punish your crime in the name that His Majesty has bestowed upon me.”

“My crime? I’m the one who knows my crime the best.” Lady Goldencup smiled brightly. “My crime is receiving His Highness the Crown Prince’s deepest affection despite being born to a mere baron’s family in the outskirts.”

That wasn’t something one could say to the crown prince’s fiance.

“I’m sorry that I’m loved.” The daughter of the Baron of Evanail slightly lifted her dress with her hands. A goldencup arrived at the magnolia garden and delivered a textbook perfect bow to the lily in front of her. “I’m sorry that I receive more love than you do, Lady of Ivansia. Will that suffice as an apology?”

The wind blew.

“But, Lady of Ivansia, I do have one question. Is this really my crime? Love carries meaning only when someone receives it. People either love or are loved. Am I really the one who should be held accountable for this division? Maybe…” Lady Goldencup didn’t complete her sentence and laughed instead.

The petals fell from the dark tree branches.

Lady Silver Lily raised her left hand. “You’re an awful person.”

Her cane cut through the night air. Lady Goldencup didn’t scream or even groan. She simply stood straight. Even the smile carved into her face didn’t disappear, as if she were a sculpture. She—he—was confident of victory.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

That was why it looked like the moon was bleeding in my eyes.

[Your immersion level is 40%.]

Tonight, the moon was a little red in the dusty sky. When a human lay on the ground bleeding, it turned red. Due to the dusty air, Lady Silver Lily had dry coughs. No one said anything. The night was silent except for her coughing and the sound of her cane lashing against Lady Goldencup’s skin.

“Sylvia! Sylvia! Are you there, Sylvia!?”

A wave of torches arrived, and the sound of footsteps broke the silence. The crown prince ran toward the garden holding a torch of his own. The guards hurriedly followed him. Yes, there was no way the crown prince wouldn’t be aware of a commotion like this one.

“Syl—”

The crown prince stopped in front of the gate. When he saw what was happening in the garden, he fell into silence for a moment.

“Raviel…!” His voice held a different warmth from the time he had called for Lady Goldencup. “Get out of my way!”

The crown prince shoved past the estate’s guards. None of them could stop the future emperor.

He immediately went to Lady Goldencup’s side. “How…? Still… How…!”

“I’m fine, Your Highness.”

“I’m not fine! You fool…!” The crown prince quickly checked her state, and then he turned and glared at Lady Silver Lily. “How despicable of you!”

Words could hurt a person.

“How could you treat her like this!”

They left invisible wounds, so the owner of those words wasn’t aware of it.

“I had to set the law of the empire straight, Your Highness,” Lady Silver Lily answered.

“The law isn’t more important than the people!”

“They are more important than one person.”

“That’s why I call you despicable! You’re no different from a witch!”

The world was probably divided into those who knew the wounds and those who didn’t. The crown prince was one of the latter.

After coughing a couple of times, she sighed. “Would you like to punish me?”

The crown prince’s face crumpled up, but he couldn’t answer her question. He shook his head as if it wasn’t even worth answering, but that was just denying reality. He didn’t have the guts nor the skills to deal with Lady Silver Lily.

“Let’s go, Sylvia! You shouldn’t be in a place like this.” The crown prince picked up Lady Goldencup.

In his arms, Lady Goldencup looked at me. “My butler, come with us.”

Instead of answering the question, I looked at the Inquisitor.

As if I were praying, I muttered, Show me the character window.

Name: Sylvia Evanail

Affection: 90

Liked genre: Romance

Disliked genre: Political fiction

Liked characters: People who love her, the crown prince, the butler, the teachers, the seniors, the juniors, the classmates.

Disliked character: Raviel Ivansia

Liked plot points: Victory of the strong, true love

Disliked plot: Defeat of the weak, betrayal

State of Mind: Raviel Ivansia, I won’t give you anything.

The character window no longer had the name “Inquisitor.” His liked genre—fairy tales—and his liked character—humans—was gone too. The Inquisitor was completely immersed and consumed by the role of Lady Goldencup.

“My butler, you’ll come with me, right?”

I could feel that I was near the end of this try.

Chapter 102

The Play (3)

“I…” I tried not to stutter. “I’m going to stay by Lady Silver Lily’s side for the time being.”

Silence hung in the air for a moment.

Lady Goldencup’s smile froze. “…I certainly can’t understand why you would say that.”

The crown prince stopped walking. Perhaps he’d sensed the iciness in his beloved’s voice.

“I asked you to come with me now, my butler. Although I don’t like to show off my wounds, I endured quite the humiliation from Lady Silver Lily to free you.”

“Yes, I know.”

“And yet you’re going to refuse my request?”

The bitter taste in my mouth was growing stronger. It was difficult to tell if the bitterness came from losing the Inquisitor or the butler rebelling against my decision to refuse his master’s request. However, it was painful to look at those blue eyes, which now belonged to Lady Goldencup.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 42%.]

So I looked down at the ground to avoid those eyes.

“I’m sorry. I still have some work to finish.”

“That answer does wonders, doesn’t it? It works at any time. Well, are you sure that you aren’t just bewitched by her?”

I silently kept my head bowed.

“Ha.”

I heard Lady Goldencup’s smirk. It was directed at Lady Silver Lily, not me.

“Okay.” Lady Goldencup turned her head a little bit. “Lady Silver Lily, I don’t know what grand scheme you’re up to again, but you won’t be able to make the friendship between me and my butler waver. Please take good care of him.”

“You are free to be delusional, but keep it to yourself. Get lost, Lady Goldencup.”

“Yes, I shall.” Lady Goldencup, still in the crown prince’s arms, reached out and stroked his cheeks. “Would you like to get lost with me, Your Highness?”

She pretended to whisper, but her voice was loud enough that everyone else could hear.

“Ah, ahhh.” The crown prince blushed.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 43%.]

The two lovebirds left with the guards. That was the end of the past-midnight commotion.

* * *

In an instant, the garden was quiet.

“My lady…”

The servants were saddened and worried about their master. She was the one who had evicted the guests, but that felt like the opposite had happened.

“It’s late in the night,” Lady Silver Lily said. “You’ve all done a lot tonight. Go back inside now.”

“What are you going to do…?”

“I’m going to watch the flowers here for a while and then go inside. I want privacy, so leave, everyone.”

Lady Silver Lily looked up at the night sky in her pajama dress. As if she had been born at night, she blended well into the darkness. The servants returned to their quarters, unable to disobey their master. Only I remained.

“My lady.” I approached.

—Zombie, can’t you tell? She’s feeling vulnerable! She looks expressionless, but she’s emotionally vulnerable. Hey! This is good. This crisis is your chance! It’s hard to date someone above your league, but the goalkeeper is gone! Hurry up and go to her now.

As always, the ghost—the Guardian—couldn’t read the room.

Shut up, please.

“You should go in and rest too, butler,” Lady Silver Lily suggested.

“Staying up all night for a day or two isn’t a problem for me. Aren’t you the one who’s tired?”

“I want to say no… but, yes, I’m a little tired.” Lady Silver Lily sighed. “This is already the fourteenth time I’ve done this. For one hundred forty days, I’ve tried to set His Highness on the right path. Even if I can accept that it’s my fate that my love will be unanswered, His Highness is the next emperor. I should guide him to the right path so the empire will remain safe… It is a struggle.”

“You’re not alone anymore.”

What I wanted to tell her was that she wasn’t the only regressor in this world.

“I’m here. Humans find a way to endure if there’s even one person who understands them.”

“Is that so?”

“Yes, surprising as it is.”

Lady Silver Lily turned her gaze from the night sky onto me. “You’re mistaken about one thing.”

I was mistaken?

“I repeat the last ten days of this world. When you die, you return to the day before. That may seem no different at a glance, so you would think we can share the same time. But it’s not true.”

I didn’t stop Lady Silver Lily. Our conversation right now was probably being broadcast live, and the people of the Tower would be watching it. But that was okay. I had already braced myself for the next try.

“Butler, one of us will regress first.” Lady Silver Lily bent forward. “If I regress first, you’ll forget your current life. When you regress first, I won’t remember what happened so far. One of us will eat away the other one’s time.”

With her cane, she drew two lines on the ground. “We’re parallel lines that will never meet.”

My heart ached.

“It’s possible for you and I to understand each other. But that is all we can do. It’s impossible for the two of us to live together. Neither you nor I can be responsible for one another,” Lady Silver Lily calmly explained, “Your confession was passionate and beautiful. However, we cannot share our time together. Perhaps that is why it sounded so beautiful.”

I looked straight into Lady Silver Lily’s eyes. “What if we can?”

“What if? There is no if.”

“I always keep my word. I didn’t say what I said in my confession just to win your heart. I’m not the kind of person who spouts empty words like glittering soap bubbles to draw people in. If I can help—no, truly free you from the eternal ten days, what would you do?”

A nocturnal bird chirped.

“…How arrogant. I am more than capable of living my life on my own.”

“I’m sure you are. I feel the same, but I still want to help you, my lady. Is it arrogant to say that I want to help the one I love? Then I’ll gladly become an arrogant person.”

Lady Silver Lily pursed her lips. She, too, was trying to help the crown prince in her own way. Whether she admitted that or not, she and I were alike.

“What do you want from me?” she asked after a brief silence.

“Please be with me when the world ends this time.”

“Is that all?”

“Yes, that will be enough.” I smiled.

The Inquisitor’s state after he hit one hundred percent immersion level made me realize the secret to clearing this book. It was a rather risky and tricky solution, but… it was probably possible if I could just keep my head straight.

“And if possible, I would appreciate it if you could make me fall for you harder than I already am. It would be perfect if I fell head over heels for you and don’t feel like getting out.”

“You’re asking me to do it?”

“It’s okay. I’m an easy guy. My heart races when you do so much as hold my hand.”

Lady Silver Lily looked at me in disbelief. “How shameless… Okay. Since I said I’d teach you love, I guess I have to take responsibility for what I said.”

She grabbed my hand. Her soft bare hand enveloped my right hand. My heart pounded as I remembered the memory of last night when Lady Silver Lily had put her perfume on me.

“Is this good enough?”

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 44%.]

My face flushed. “Yes, i-it’s good.”

“Wow, I shouldn’t be saying this given that I am attempting to seduce you, but aren’t you a little too innocent? It’s a miracle you survived this harsh world.”

“I died. A lot… Does it make your heart beat a little when I show you my weak side? The magazine I read said it’s effective when done from time to time.”

“Ha.” Lady Silver Lily laughed quietly.

Although her eyes weren’t smiling, she still laughed. The crown prince’s trolling had no doubt brought down her mood, so it was good that she felt even a little better.

“It’s been only a day since you learned about love. You’re basically a child, but you’re challenging me right now?”

“I noticed that you’re wise when you were fighting with Lady Goldencup earlier, but you never let someone else’s taunts slide. Perhaps it’s because of your pride. Even if it won’t benefit you in the long term, you answer their taunts as hard as you can. So, I would like to provoke you too.”

“…You have sharp eyes.”

“Shall I provoke you a little more?” I asked, grinning from ear to ear.

“If you want to, go right ahead.”

We were close, but we got closer. Our shadows overlapped; neither of us was going to back down.

“You speak as if you were a master of love, but is that true? Isn’t being loved just as important as loving someone else? Loving the crown prince and getting his love are both important, but you failed at the latter.”

“Hmm.”

“In that sense, maybe Lady Goldencup is better at love than you are. After all, the crown prince loves her, right? So if we were to judge who is better at love, Lady Goldencup might come out on top.”

“Hah.”

“You know how to love, but you don’t know how to be loved—not more than Lady Goldencup at least. So—”

At that moment, Lady Silver Lily grabbed my chin. “So? Keep talking. I was actually enjoying listening to your voice a little.”

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 45%.]

“…So it’s only natural that you lost the crown prince to Lady Goldencup. You should have understood his tastes and hobbies more closely and gone for his heart,” I said after a brief pause.

“Your teeth are sparkling white.”

“…That’s what you should have done, but you didn’t. You let your guard down, so the reason Lady Goldencup is acting like that is partly your fault.”

“Your tongue is red. It’s pretty too.” Lady Silver Lily pulled my chin up. Her gaze was up at my mouth. “Why did you stop talking again? If you close your mouth, I can’t see your tongue. It’s fun to watch, so keep talking.”

I was tongue-tied.

“Do you admit your defeat?”

“I do…”

“‘It would be perfect if I fall in head over heels for you and don’t feel like getting out.’”

That was what I had just said.

“Every word you choose to speak is frightening. I don’t know what wonderful plan you came up with that makes you this confident, but you are fearless.” Lady Silver Lily pulled my chin closer, and I was drawn to her as inexorably as gravity.

“Well,” she muttered, “since I’ve been doing this fourteen times, I guess I can deviate one time.”

“You mean—”

“My rule is to treat an asshole as an asshole. I thought about what happened tonight, and I feel like His Highness has become a little too much of an asshole to me. Two can play this game.”

My heart pounded. Maybe…

“Are you finally going to give up on the crown prince?”

“No, how can I do that when my heart is a constellation stuck in the night sky? But…” Lady Silver Lily’s voice dropped to a whisper. “…I’m just thinking about becoming a little bigger of an asshole than him.”

The idea of a “bigger asshole” brought Yoo Soo-Ha’s smug face to my head. That always happened when I heard words like “asshole” and “son of a bitch.” But it wasn’t easy to become such an asshole. What was Lady Silver Lily saying?

“An eye for an eye.” Lady Silver Lily brushed her index finger against my lip. “Starting today, I’m going to have an affair with you.”

Huh?

“Do you love me?”

“I do not.”

“Do you have any intention of dating me seriously, even just a little?” I asked.

“No.” She shook her head again.

“But…”

“But you’re the butler that Goldencup cherishes. To quote her, you’re her one and only butler and childhood friend. I wonder what the look on her face will be like when she hears that you are dating me. Wouldn’t His Highness be quite flustered too?”

In other words…

“Are you going to pretend dating me just to screw with the two of them…?”

“Why?” She leaned in closer. I could feel her breath on my skin. “Do you not want to?”

I couldn’t answer her question.

Badump.

I really couldn’t think of anything to say.

Badump.

My heartbeat was so loud that it made my head spin. So… this was my love. My first love.

Badump.

It shouldn’t be… A love affair was a little… It should be something more romantic.

“Sit down.” Lady Silver Lily pointed at the ground.

I carefully sat down in the garden. The moon was covered by clouds, so the ground was dark. It felt like I was kneeling in a bottomless swamp. My eye level and that of Lady Silver Lily were reversed now.

Lady Silver Lily looked down at me. “I’ll give you a choice. If you don’t want to accept my offer, shut your eyes. I’ll quietly disappear before you open them again—but if you do want to try this play of love until the end of this life…”

The red moon in the night sky was covered, but the eyes staring at me were far redder.

“Say my name.”

Name… I…

“Raviel… Raviel Ivansia.”

Huh? Why was my mouth open?

“Yes. Do you remember my first lesson on love?”

“Love begins with experiencing an asshole…”

“You remember well.” Lady Silver Lily placed her hands on my cheeks. “I’ll be your first asshole.”

The moon swallowed the light. The scent of lilies was so soft and sweet that I couldn’t breathe.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 50%.]

I felt like I was going to die. It was beautiful.

—Both of you are wackos, so you guys make a great couple. Yeah, there is no way you could date a normal person. Birds of a feather flock together, after all.

The Guardian’s voice felt distant.

—Congratulations on your first day of dating life, Zomsparrow.

Petals of the fully bloomed magnolias fluttered through the air.

—Though it’s a love affair.

Chapter 103

The Way He Loves (1)

As the dawn sky was getting whiter, I got up and washed my face. I put on the black butler’s uniform that I was now quite used to, and stepped in front of the mirror. I could still see my reflection. The man, whom the Black Witch had one day pegged as a slightly sly-looking man, slowly opened his mouth.

“Raviel.”

Badump.

“Raviel Ivansia.”

[Your immersion in the character has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 62%.]

All I did was whisper the name of the person I loved and my heart raced, my breathing quickened, and the man reflected in the mirror blushed slightly. Even I could understand why.

“…I really love her.”

It was amazing. My own emotions surprised me. However, I had things to do.

“Show me my status window.”

A window of letters slowly appeared before me.

Name: Death King

Rank: D

Skills (6/6)

1. I Want To Be Like You (S+)

2. Returner’s Clockwork (EX)

3. Sword Constellation (A+)

4. High Society of Goblins (F)

5. Monster Legions Reincarnation (SSS)

6. Demonic Heaven Arts (A+)

※The God of Beauty’s blessing is active.

※The God of Serpent’s blessing is active.

This was the path of my life that I had passed and missed. My jealousy. My secret. My fate. My humor. My resolve. My happiness. The life of a human named Kim Gong-Ja could be expressed very simply.

I took another deep breath. “Show me my character window.”

Then, a window of letters I had never seen before was inscribed in the air.

Name: Kim Gong-Ja

Affection: 90

Liked genres: Murim, romance, mystery, adventure

Disliked genre: None

Liked characters: Teacher, noble heroes, altruists, hard workers, children, good people, self-reflective people, generous people, people who understand him

Disliked character: Psychopaths

Liked plot points: Karma, friendship, love

Disliked plot points: Self-loathing, abandonments, flee, oblivion, distrust, monopoly

State of Mind: I want to know how I look.

I swallowed. “Okay.”

I was still Kim Gong-Ja; I wasn’t lost in my role like the Inquisitor was. My plan would go smoothly. I was going to make it work.

“Mr. Sword Emperor.”

—Huh? the ghost answered. He wasn’t reflected in the mirror.

“I have to ask you for a favor in case I get lost in this butler. I really need you for this.”

—What is it?

“Once my immersion level reaches one hundred percent, there’s a high chance that I won’t even be able to hear your voice. I’ll still have my Skills, but I’m going to forget how to use them. I have to prevent my immersion level from reaching one hundred percent, no matter what.”

I reached down to my waist and stroked the grip of my hidden dagger.

“Ninety-nine percent. My immersion level should never go higher than ninety-nine percent. Got it? If you ever think I’m going to go over ninety-nine percent, stop me by any means necessary.”

—Ha. The Guardian laughed. You worry too much. Not many people have as much pride or personality as you do, so I really don’t think you’ll reach ninety-nine percent.

“I will.” I gave my clothes one last tweak. The perfect image of a butler was reflected in the mirror. “Because I’m going to increase it.”

—What? The Guardian was shocked. Why? You’ll fail the stage and get trapped in this world.

“I can’t tell you why now. No one else can know. I’m going to exploit the loopholes in the Tower’s system to clear this stage.”

The Tower was watching us as we spoke. If it found out the plan I’d come up with, it might quickly fix the loopholes. I had to hurry and clear the Story of Sormwin Academy while the Tower still had systemic errors they weren’t aware of. Now was the chance.

“Please help me if I fall into danger. I trust you. You’re the strongest man in your world and you volunteered to be my teacher.”

Then I realized that the Black Dragon Master was right. The man reflected in the mirror was smiling slyly like a mischievous child.

“I’m off to help my lover.”

* * *

Lady Silver Lily and I were dating now; unfortunately, we couldn’t enjoy our date outside because she ended up falling sick.

She was fragile and weak to sunlight by nature. Even in the butler’s memories, she had more absences in the academy than days she attended. However, she had been staying up all night and overworking herself for the past few days, so she was bound to get sick.

“Don’t worry. I’ve been like this since the first time I regressed,” Lady Silver Lily said, leaning against the bedhead. “To be accurate, it’s been like this since I was born. I couldn’t run around outside, so I stayed inside the mansion most of the time. It got worse after I stabbed my heart and lost it.

“That’s why His Majesty also gave a title to Lady Goldencup. Even if I were to become the empress, I’ll die soon. It’ll be hard to bear an heir to the throne. I’m not fit to be the empress…” Lady Silver Lily coughed. It was a little drier than yesterday.

“Here is hot tea. Please drink it.” I handed her the tea I had prepared for this.

“Thank you,” she said and then took a sip of the tea. Her eyebrows rose a little in surprise. “…You put a lot of honey in it. It’s just how I like it. How did you know?”

I smiled. “You told me before, didn’t you?”

She had told me during her lessons on love. On her sixth regression, a certain apostle had tried to win her over with a strategy guide, which said:

1. Lady Silver Lily is sensitive to sunlight. When planning a date with her, schedule it in the evening or deeper into the night, not during the day.

2. Lady Silver Lily has a dull sense of taste, so she likes strongly flavored food.

…

I didn’t forget about that; on the contrary, I put it into practice.

“Hmm. Then doesn’t that mean you also used the strategy guide?”

“Since you told me first, it’s hard to see it that way. I would appreciate it if you thought of it as using a reference.”

“Now that I look at you, you have quite an annoying side.” Lady Silver Lily tilted her cup. The sound of her quietly sipping tea filled the bedroom. “So what is your plan? This cozy time with you now is just a momentary amusement. One of us will unavoidably forget the time we spent with the other. I truly do not believe there is a solution.”

“You’ve never relied on anyone else in your life, have you?”

“Hmm?”

“Please trust me. Even if it isn’t real, the person you’ve chosen to date isn’t incompetent. Not at all.”

Lady Silver Lily stared at my face.

“There are times in life when you need help from others. I think now is one of those times for you.”

While saving the Aegim Empire, I had also received help from the Sword Star and the Black Witch. When I had been clearing the Heavenly Demon Chronicle, the Chemist, the Viper, and the Medicine King had helped me. Although I was never going to say it out loud, I also owed a lot to the Guardian and I would always be in his debt. I never thought I was alone, unlike my lover.

“Up until now, you’ve been taking on too many responsibilities. ‘The empire must remain strong even after my death;’ ‘I should guide the crown prince to the correct path;’ ‘I have to deal with the blood demon.’ Those are what you’ve been doing for the past one hundred forty days, am I right?”

“Do you think I’m tired?”

“Yes, I do. Please, rest a little.” I put the spring flowers I had picked at dawn in a vase and placed it next to the bed. “I think—no, I just don’t like it when the person I love tries to do everything on her own. If I’m tired, I want my partner’s help and I would help her when she’s tired.”

“We’re just pretending to be in a relationship for entertainment.”

“It doesn’t matter because my heart is true.”

“…Don’t you feel insulted?” she cautiously asked.

“Haha—you don’t know me very well, do you?”

How could she be so lovely?

I laughed softly. “I’m an optimistic person. Do you think I’ll get depressed or develop an inferiority complex because you’re not dating me for real? Not at all. I think my chance has come. You’ll love me anyway.”

“Wow, where in the world does your confidence come from?”

“It’s because I’ll be the only one who can share your time. Until you tell me that you’re tired of me, I won’t give up on you, no matter what. Let me be your pillar.”

Lady Silver Lily didn’t answer and drank her tea instead.

As the days passed, my lover grew thinner. Every midnight, the demons appeared, and they grew stronger night after night. At first, the demons were only mouths, but after several days, they grew arms and legs.

—Hehehe.

Only then did I realize that the demons resembled Lady Silver Lily. If I simplified her appearance a little and made her smaller, she would look exactly like them.

—Are you going to kill us?

—Are you going to kill me?

I silently dealt with the demons every night. Lady Silver Lily offered to help, but I firmly refused. Right now, more than anything, she needed time alone to rest quietly.

Paperwork that required Lady Silver Lily’s approval? I stopped all of them from coming into her office. Only a few days were left until this world was going to be destroyed anyway. If the empire was going to fall just because she didn’t handle them for a few days, then it was better off fallen.

A vacation just for herself was the first gift I gave Lady Silver Lily.

“…I’ve never spent time like this before,” Lady Silver Lily muttered. She seemed a little troubled. “Is it really okay to do nothing like this?”

Right now, we were sitting under a cherry blossom tree, leisurely looking out at the lake. I had carried Lady Silver Lily here in my arms. There were no complicated documents, no blood demons, and no students gossiping about Lady Silver Lily for their entertainment.

“It’s okay,” I reassured her.

“But…”

“It’s really okay, my lady.”

Lady Silver Lily pursed her lips; she found her peace a little uncomfortable.

“I’ll make it okay.”

“I don’t want to rely on you,” she mumbled.

“I don’t remember saying that I’ll always be the one doing the helping. When there is a time I need your help, please help me, my lady. We can help each other, right? Let’s help each other even when we’re old. We can do that, right?”

It was a quiet day—the tenth day that Lady Silver Lily had mentioned.

“Aren’t you thirsty? I added a little honey to the milk tea today. I think you’ll like it. When the sunlight gets a little weaker, let’s go out on a boat. I’ll row. It’ll be fun.”

Lady Silver Lily did nothing today. In the morning, I woke her up and washed her face. After she finished the simple meal I brought, I read her a book of poetry that she liked. In the afternoon, I packed a picnic basket of snacks and we went for a walk to the lake at the academy.

The spring breeze whisked away magnolia and cherry blossom petals. Lady Silver Lily quietly looked up at the white petals scattering across the sky. The cherry blossom petals fell on the lake and rippled on the waves.

She didn’t say a word for an hour. Even when I carried her onto the boat, she was quiet. She sat still even when she watched the petals ripple,

As I rowed, the lake quietly gave way to our boat.

“Spring is white today,” Lady Silver Lily quietly said. “In the empire, this time of year is called White Spring. It’s when cherry blossoms bloom right before the magnolias fall. My favorite poet once said, ‘White blossoms in the white. Spring fully blooms during spring. This is the last white breath which the winter hadn’t yet exhaled.’”

She spoke at the leisurely pace of cherry blossoms fluttering across the sky.

“It’s a beautiful season.”

“Yeah, it is.”

Sunset arrived.

“I don’t know how long it’s been since I’ve seen White Spring.”

It was a gentle spring. The soft spring air filled our lungs. The two of us were intoxicated by the pleasant daze that the season gave us.

[The Silver-Plated Heart’s presence has become stronger.]

So when the time for this world to end arrived, we were not at all flustered. Actually, we didn’t even really say anything.

[The Silver-Plated Heart has appeared.]

The sunset became even redder. On the other side of the academy, the students’ faint screams arose. The blood that had overflowed from the mirror had probably struck the academy. Then it flowed to the edge of the lake and dyed it red.

“Butler.”

“I’m listening.”

“It’s comfortable when I’m with you.”

Our boat was right in the middle of the lake. The red blood encroaching on the edge was yet to devour our sanctuary.

“Can I really trust you?”

I let the oar go. “You said that we’re like parallel lines. The one who dies first will regress first, so the two of us can never be together.”

When Lady Silver Lily nodded, I grabbed her hand. “I’m going to use my aura and envelop your entire body, including the inside of your head. I’ll do the same for myself. And then, I’ll burst your head and mine at exactly the same time.”

She stopped breathing for a moment, her eyes widening. “That’s…”

“It’s true that the one who dies first will regress first. That means the one who didn’t get to regress won’t be able to remember the other person. Then, that leaves us only one way to be together. We have to die at exactly the same time.”

I grabbed Lady Silver Lily’s hand a little more firmly. “Raviel Ivansia.”

The one I loved.

“Please die with me.”

After a moment, she nodded. So that was what we did.

Chapter 104

The Way He Loves (2)

I treated my death the way people managed their daily lives. From the beginning, it was a little easier for me to die than normal—I could cover my brain with my aura and blow it up. In that way, I would end my life instantly and painlessly. It was easy and simple, which was exactly why I didn’t die like that.

Easy. Simple. Convenient. When people get used to these three qualities, they let their guard down. No matter how sharp someone’s mind was, it would rust someday.

The reason why I was able to kill the Fire Emperor is that he became complacent.

To keep my senses and judgment sharp and fresh, I persistently chose a more painful death. My dagger was ever reliable. That was how I had been doing it, but today was going to be different.

“It’s okay. It’ll be over in an instant.” I slowly released my aura into Lady Silver Lily’s hand.

Lady Silver Lily’s eyebrows rose at the unfamiliar sensation of my red aura creeping in.

“…It’s warm.”

“Is that so?”

“It feels like hot water is seeping into my veins. If this is what your body temperature is like, you’re a little warmer than I am, butler.” Lady Silver Lily looked into my eyes. “…I feel nervous. I’ve never felt this way in any of my regressions until now because I was okay as long as I didn’t lose myself. But… today, I don’t want to lose you. If I regress first and you don’t remember me…”

If Lady Silver Lily’s muttering made me happy, was I an asshole? She was nervous because of me, and I was happy. Yeah, I was probably an asshole.

“Don’t worry. I’ll be with you,” I reassured her.

But I was her asshole and hers only.

The world was being destroyed around us as we basked in each others’ warmth. With a thud, the ground split, blood gushing out of the cracks. The demons from underground, Lady Silver Lily’s summons, were now running wild, free from her control. There were as many as there were drops of water in the ocean, and each drop was as big as a mountain.

Screams were heard in the distance.

“Ahhhhhhhh!”

“It’s a demon! A demon is here!”

“We’re cursed.”

At the end of the promised ten days, the air was filled with constant screams. As she had wished, Lady Silver Lily’s love was timeless, but an incomplete Constellation couldn’t hold it down anymore. Now it was running wild.

However, in the midst of all this, Lady Silver Lily looked at me calmly as if her heart was still plated with silver. “I won’t tolerate mistakes.”

“I understand.”

“If you or I die even a tenth of a second before the other, I’ll never forgive you. Engrave what just said in your heart. This is the only chance I’ll give you.”

“Okay.”

“You…”

[The Silver-Plated Heart looks at you.]

“You made me trust someone again. Take responsibility for what you’ve done.”

“I will.” I held her hand a little tighter.

While the demons were rampaging on the ground, the sunset shattered like a mirror and a flood of blood poured down, slowly drowning the ground. The sound of bubbles drowned out the screams. However, Lady Silver Lily’s love going berserk wasn’t the only reason why the world was reaching its end.

[The apostle of the Ruin-Harvesting Cow has appeared.]

They were the apostles of other Constellations that she had once mentioned.

[The apostle of the Eternal Plains Warhorse has appeared.]

[The apostles of the Immortal Happiness Preacher have appeared.]

Through the cracks in the ruined sky, beings from other worlds were descending. In this world, only Lady Silver Lily, an incomplete Constellation, remained, so the wall of this world was as good as gone. Instead of saving face and going through the formality of clearing the quest, these beings threw away their grace and used this chance to launch a full-scale invasion of this world.

“Seriously, they have no idea how to read the mood.” Lady Silver Lily clicked her tongue.

“You’re right.”

Each of them looked as distinct as the Constellations that had sent them. That made it easy for me to remember their appearances.

“I should teach them a lesson.”

“What lesson?”

“Interfering with someone else’s date can get you killed.”

“I like it.” Lady Silver Lily smiled. “But you don’t have to do that now.”

She was right. We had no time for that right now anyway.

“My lady.”

The sunset was shattered, and the blood poured down endlessly. While the demons crawled up from underground, the invaders were descending from the sky.

The person in front of me had endured everything in this apocalypse on her own until today.

“Butler,” she said, “kill me now.”

The world was now red except for the three-meter radius around the boat she and I were on. Countless mouths rose and laughed at us.

From the red-tinted lake, I allowed myself a comfortable death for the first time and ignited the aura that filled both of us.

Demonic Heaven Arts,

Ninth Form:

Self-Determination Death[1].

[You have died.]

We died without the slightest discrepancy.

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

* * *

When I opened my eyes again, I was leaning against a white tree. Judging from the bright yellow sky, it was evening. it wasn’t strange that I had woken up here. Since the day I had decided to become Lady Silver Lily’s butler, I had been taking her for a walk every evening.

“…Are you awake?”

The moment I was about to heave myself to my feet a whisper tickled my ear.

“Finally.”

I looked beside me.

“What a horrible butler.” Lady Silver Lily was standing with her back to the bright sunset. A parasol was in her hand, and her shadow was cast at her feet.

When the wind blew and tousled her silver hair, my breath was stolen away.

Did it work? My heart pounded. Did I fail?

I couldn’t tell yet, so I just looked at her. Her fingers loosely circled the handle of her parasol. She used her other hand to lightly brush back a lock of hair that the wind had tousled. Her lips were tightly shut as usual. Every single movement she made left a huge impact on me.

“Butler, there was a small lie in what you told me,” Lady Silver Lily eventually said. “You promised that we would share the same time, but I returned to nine days earlier than you. Even if we aren’t dating for real, you left the person you love alone for nine days. You committed a terrible sin.”

Oh, I did it.

“I waited for you for nine days. I had to endure the anxiety entirely on my own. You promised to be by my side but failed to keep your promise. Isn’t this negligence on your end?”

It worked.

“You’ll have to work very hard to make up for the sin you committed this time.”

It really worked.

“Hmm. I’m thirsty. Butler, serve me the tea you brought—”

Lady Silver Lily couldn’t finish her words because I got up and hugged her. The compulsion was so strong that I couldn’t hold myself back.

The wind blew. Lady Silver Lily dropped her parasol, letting it roll across the lawn.

Even though she was already in my arms, it wasn’t enough. More. Harder. I knew that the urge came from a desire for my hug to reach her heart.

“I’m sorry for making you wait nine days on your own.”

“It’s okay now.” Lady Silver Lily also put her arms around me. “I can’t say that watching you, who didn’t spend your last day with me, was all boring.”

“You’re lying.”

“Yeah, I lied. It wasn’t fun at all, but that’s okay. I’m very good at waiting.”

“I’m sorry.”

“I forgive you.” Lady Silver Lily stroked my neck.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 71%.]

I wanted to show her how crazy in love I was.

“Are you crying?”

“No, I’m not.” I buried my head in her neck.

“You’re lying.”

“Yes, I am.”

“I hate lying. It’s okay to joke, but don’t tell a single lie or even hint at a lie. I won’t do it to you either.” She let out a short sigh.

“What about you? Do you feel like crying?”

“…”

“When we don’t want to talk, let’s exercise our right to remain silent. We won’t ask questions or press each other. We’ll wait patiently until we’re ready to speak up.”

She nodded.

I was lucky that I fell in love with her. I was lucky to be able to love her.

“I have a favor to ask.”

“What is it?”

I wanted to ask if I could kiss her, but I stopped myself. I was also lucky that I couldn’t see her face right now.

“I’m really sorry,” I apologized, “but can you wait a little longer?”

“That’s rude. How much longer are you telling me to wait?”

“Eight days.”

“Why?”

“Seven days.”

“Huh?”

“Six days—I’ll shorten it one day at a time until we can be together on the first day.”

After a short silence, Lady Silver Lily whispered, “…How impudent. You’re saying you’re going to kill me nine more times.”

“Did it hurt, by any chance?”

“It didn’t. As you said, it was over in an instant, but I find it terribly impudent that you’re going to take my life again after you already did it once.”

“Can I kiss you?”

I felt bad, but I couldn’t hold myself back anymore. Lady Silver Lily moved her head and met my eyes. Red. There was the color I loved most.

“I exercise my right to remain silent,” she answered.

So I kissed her. We held each other closer. My breath traveled from my lip to hers. As I offered the warmth of my heart, I released my aura. I was fortunate that the color of my aura was also red.

The sound of our breathing mixed. And…

[You have died.]

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

The next moment I opened my eyes, Lady Silver Lily was still by my side. We didn’t talk. Maybe we had already done it a lot, but she just grabbed my hand. And I kissed her to be a little closer to her.

[You have died.]

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

[You have died.]

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

I lowered my head a little closer to Lady Silver Lily, who had said that we would forever be each other’s parallel lines. Before our times overlapped a little more, our lips met, and we kissed in the cool hallway of her villa.

[You have died.]

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

And then we met in the dark basement.

[You have died.]

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

Under the white magnolia leaves, I exhaled quietly.

“My lady, you brushed your teeth before coming here, didn’t you?”

“This seems like a good moment to exercise my right to remain silent.”

“That isn’t fair.”

“There are two kinds of moments in this world where deceit is forgiven. One is when you’re in a war, and the other is when you are sharing love. Besides, nine days, eight days, seven days… You made me wait for a total of thirty-nine days. A little bit of deceit on my part will help ease your conscience, so be grateful.”

Lady Silver Lily had been calculating the gap in our time. When I died, I returned to twenty-four hours ago, but she returned to the first day, which was during the ball.

“In other words, I can kiss you for thirty-nine days—”

“You’re cute, but shut up.”

[You have died.]

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

The next time I opened my eyes, I was in Lady Goldencup’s private room at the dormitory.

“Mr. Death King!” The Inquisitor, who was yet to become Lady Goldencup, laughed heartily.

My time continued, but the Inquisitor’s did not. So my immersion level remained the same, while the Inquisitor’s immersion level was reset as I got closer to the first day we arrived here.

“Lady Silver Lily has come to visit! Haha. What do you think brought her here this late at night? I heard that she stays in a separate residence, not the dormitory. Considering that she came all of the way here at this hour, something is—”

“Where is she now?”

“Ah, she said she’ll wait in the garden in front of the dormitory.”

I opened the door and started running.

“Mr. Death King?” the Inquisitor called out from behind me.

I didn’t have time to answer him. There was someone who was waiting for me, so I had to hurry.

Lady Silver Lily was standing under a magnolia tree. The magnolias looked like white lotuses blooming in the night sky. Those lotuses looked like hearts without the redness.

Some people were probably sneaking a peek at the garden through their dormitory windows. But that didn’t stop us from pulling one another into our arms and kissing.

“You know what?” I whispered.

“I don’t know. Do tell.”

“My name is Gong-Ja, and people in my country call a duke’s daughter like you ‘Gongnyeo’. Together, we become Gong-Ja and Gongnyeo. Of course, it might sound different in your country, but still…”

“We’re a match made in heaven?”

“That is what I choose to think.”

“You’re awfully confident about a coincidence.”

I laughed quietly. “I love you.”

Our lips met again and our breaths became one. Our time overlapped a little more.

[You have died.]

Finally.

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

I opened my eyes again and I found myself in a magnificent ballroom. The weeping-willow-like chandeliers hung from the ceiling. Under them, dozens of young ladies and lords were slowly dancing in pairs.

This was the place where we had first met, where the Inquisitor had gotten slapped on the cheek. I was back at the place where her and my time first crossed paths. It was my first day in this world.

Lady Silver Lily and I stood facing each other in the middle of the ballroom. I moved my feet, and she also took a step. It all happened so fast that even we didn’t know who acted first. Under a white chandelier, where dozens of shadows swayed, we locked lips.

No words were needed. Shocked gasps rose all around us, but I ignored them. The orchestra in the ballroom stopped playing. The young ladies and lords also stopped dancing to stare at us, and I ignored them too.

I immersed myself in Lady Silver Lily’s eyes, her voice, and every other detail of her existence. I rested my forehead against Lady Silver Lily’s.

“Are we still in our Day 1?”

Lady Silver Lily raised the corners of her mouth. “Yes, it is. It’ll forever be Day 1.”

“Forever?”

“If we wish so.”

We kissed again, indulging in the moment as if it would last for an eternity. The entire, enormous ballroom was completely silent except for our soft breaths.

The Inquisitor, standing behind us, finally managed to speak up. “Huh…? Umm… Did I miss something?”

No one was able to answer.

* * *

1. The raw is 자결(自決). It mainly means suicide, but it technically refers to a specific type of suicide, which is to protect their principle. ☜

Chapter 105

The Way He Loves (3)

I was happy that I was with her. It would be an exaggeration to say that I had been living for her, but it wasn’t a lie that I was going to live for her. I was glad that I could say this without a single lie.

“Are you crying again?”

“Let’s make a promise,” I sniffled.

I could be a person who cared for someone.

“Tell me. I want to hear it.”

“When someone is crying, don’t ask them if they’re crying. And let’s be honest here. You’re asking so you can tease me, right?”

“Hmm. From time to time, you can be surprisingly smart. However, it’s also obvious that you still can’t be smart and calculative with me. It’s rare to find someone like you whose reactions are worth teasing…”

“Promise me, please.”

“I don’t want to.” She looked away from me.

Ah, it’s nice when she says “I don’t want to.” I really enjoy it… I love you…

—Ahhh! Arghhhhhh! Argh! My eyes! Urgh! Aaaahhhhh! My eyessssss! The Guardian frantically rolled around in the air. Save me! Someone save the poor ghost out here! Why am I suffering this misfortune just because I couldn’t find eternal peace? Why do I have to watch you blush in real-time? Shit, my eyes! Save my existence, you da■ freaking Zombie!

Ah. Sword Emperor. I pity you for not knowing the beauty of love.

—Shut up!

Raviel Ivansia, the master of my heart…

—Stop it. St■…!

Strangely, the Guardian’s voice sounded a bit more distant than usual. His voice was as loud as a train horn, but its volume was slightly reduced now.

It’s happening, I guess.

The Guardian wasn’t the only one who was reacting. After freezing up solid when Lady Silver Lily and I shared our kiss, the air defrosted slowly and with difficulty.

“L-Lady Silver Lily. W-what are you doing…?”

Oh, it was amazing to see ramen talk. Now that I looked at it, it seemed that this blond ramen had gone bad and belonged in a trash bin.

“I apologize for causing a commotion.” Lady Silver Lily leaned her head against my shoulder. “I shouldn’t have behaved like that in a public place, Your Highness.”

“Uh…”

“My misbehavior ruined the Sormwin Ball, but I also tarnished your honor on a larger scale. My sin is grave,” Lady Silver Lily quietly said. Her voice was barely more than a whisper, but that was enough. Her cold voice had the charisma to draw people’s attention.

Everyone present at the ballroom stared blankly at Lady Silver Lily.

“Please punish me for my sin. I will gladly accept the punishment.”

“P-punishment?”

“Is it difficult to judge what kind of punishment should be given? I’m sure it is, so on your behalf, allow me to request my punishment. From today onward, I shall endeavor to minimize the damage to your honor. To do that, I cannot dare to attend the academy classes. I’ll quietly reflect on my wrongdoings for a while. And…” Lady Silver Lily took a small paper envelope out of her inner pocket.

The crown prince, still too stunned to come to his senses, blankly accepted the envelope. “This is…?”

“That,” Lady Silver Lily slowly said, “is my application for withdrawal from the academy.”

A wave of emotions swept through the ballroom like a blizzard just when the air had unfrozen. The faces of the young ladies and lords, especially the blond trash, were filled with shock.

“As I said, I’ll keep a low profile until my withdrawal request is accepted. I’m not even planning on receiving private visits. Please allow me to be punished, Your Highness,”

“Ra-Ravi…?”

“I am deeply grateful for your permission, Your Highness.” Lady Silver Lily remained leaning against my shoulder as she bowed. Actually, it was closer to nodding than bowing.

She still has feelings for the crown prince because of the sword stuck in the mirror…

For a moment, I had to wonder if this was okay. But when I thought about it, Lady Silver Lily had apprehended the crown prince’s spies and killed them, so it was okay. This was nothing compared to that time. Above all, she seemed happy, so it didn’t matter.

Lady Silver Lily grabbed my hand and pulled. “Let’s go.”

“Ah, yes.” I quickly nodded.

So after dousing the ballroom in shock and fear we… left. We just left. And no one could stop us. They might be able to stop me or her, but not the two of us together. We were going to leave when and if we wanted to. If someone tried to stop us… How were they going to stop a regressor couple?

The Inquisitor was the only one who followed us as we left the ballroom.

“Mr. Death King! Mr. Death King! What about clearing this stage? And what was that peck on the lip just now? I didn’t understand anything!”

The Inquisitor was the type who called a kiss a peck. Amazing. I heard that there were such people out there in the world, but I never thought the Inquisitor was one of them…

“Mr. Inquisitor.”

“Yes, Mr. Death King! Oh, by the way, my heart keeps pounding hard whenever I see you and the young lady together. Hmm, why do you think that is…?”

“It’s a sign of heart attack. Be careful.”

“A heart attack? I see.”

“Yes, yes. Anyhow, I’ll be working on the stage on my own. You can think of this as a vacation. I’ll call you if I need you, Mr. Inquisitor.”

“Oh. I see.” The Inquisitor smiled brightly. “Understood! I’ll make my own judgments and operate freely!”

His bottomless cheer was unsettling.

“…Mr. Inquisitor.”

“Yes!”

“You can’t kill people.”

“Oh, I understand!”

“No torture either.”

“I see. Okay.”

“You shouldn’t kidnap or hold people captive under the pretext of gathering information.”

“Mr. Death King.” The Inquisitor looked troubled. “Then there’s nothing I can do.”

“It’s fine. Just stay in your room and read a fairy tale.”

“Um… Yes, I understand…” The Inquisitor became a discouraged Welsh Corgi with floppy ears.

With a sigh, I patted the Inquisitor on the shoulder. “There’ll be a job for you later, so just hold it in until then.”

The Inquisitor stared at my face. After tilting his head three times, he finally spoke.

“Mr. Death King. I just heard that my immersion level increased. What do you think this is?

“You’re having a heart attack.”

Please don’t cause any trouble.

* * *

“The whole empire will be quite noisy tomorrow,” Lady Silver Lily calmly said as we stormed out of the academy. We were riding in a carriage she owned.

“Is that so?”

“I’m a celebrity.”

She had said that because she had decided to deviate from her usual life, she wanted to get out of the academy. Obviously, I had no reason to object.

“About two hundred letters from the capital’s high society will arrive first. The social circle in my hometown will also send twenty letters or so, and my father will send ten more. His Majesty may send a messenger too. Tell me you have a way to solve this, Gong-Ja.”

“Um…” I opened my mouth but soon stopped. Did she just call me Gong-Ja instead of butler? This was the first time she had called me by my name.

“What’s wrong?” Lady Silver Lily’s eyes curved teasingly. “Your face is red, Gong-Ja. Did you catch a cold? It’s cold at night even when it’s spring. Gong-Ja. I know you have a rather warm body, but you should still be careful so you can answer my questions quickly, Gong-Ja.”

Ugh. I should… think of a comeback. Anything…

“W-when did you write your withdrawal application? You wrote it in secret while I was away, didn’t you? Wow, I know we’re going to repeat today, but that’s a little cute.”

“You’re cute. That’s your comeback? Did you think I would be embarrassed if you called me cute? That whole idea is cute. Do you want me to adore you, Gong-Ja?”

I was tongue-tied.

“I accept your surrender.”

Once again, the victory went to Lady Silver Lily. Even I knew who was going to wear the pants in this relationship. On the other hand, the thought crossed my mind that this was a win for my life. At that point, I realized I was a lost cause.

“It’s small,” Lady Silver Lily suddenly said.

She was looking at Sormwin Academy through the carriage window as we were getting further and further from the place.

“Sormwin was established with the purpose of strengthening the imperial family’s authority. To prevent possible power conflicts inside the empire, children of nobles and influential families are practically forced to enroll in the academy. The students receive the same education in the same language and they follow the same schedule, all to give the students the unified identity of imperial citizens.”

“It sounds complicated.”

“I’ve been there for too long,” Lady Silver Lily muttered. “Jealousy, vanity, arrogance, possessiveness, lust… Everything lurks outside the academy’s small gate. They’re just hidden in the name of tradition and order, but that veil can go away at any moment. In the end, the empire that he has to rule is out there, not in the academy. I’m not sure His Highness understands that…”

“Raviel.”

Lady Silver Lily paused.

“Worry about the empire later. You’ve overworked yourself enough already. Just think about me for now, please. That alone will keep you so busy that you’ll feel like your head is going to explode.”

The carriage rattled.

“Gong-Ja.”

“Yes.”

“I’ll kill you if you scar my heart.”

I felt a chill run down my spine.

“Do you understand?”

“Yes, I do.”

“Tell me what you understand.”

“No matter what happens, I will never hurt your soul. If I do it accidentally, I’ll apologize.”

“Not good enough.” Lady Silver Lily stood up and then sat next to me, placing her hand on the back of mine.

My heart raced, but my spine still felt cold. The person I fell in love with had fire in her eyes and ice in her voice.

“If you betray me, Gong-Ja…”

“Yes.”

“Strangle me to death with your own hands. Don’t use such things as your aura. With your own hands, kill me until the day you and I met is erased from this world. I don’t care if it’ll take hundreds or thousands of deaths. I’ll sentence you to my death.”

Lady Silver Lily lightly held my hand and placed it on her neck. Her pale skin was cold. I could vaguely feel her ice right in the middle of her neck.

“And live on forever, remembering that I’ll never forgive you. You can live forever if you wish.”

My hand stiffened. “Yes, I can.”

“The moment you betray me, you’ll be banished to eternal hell,” Lady Silver Lily whispered. “Do you understand?”

“I do, Raviel.”

“If you have a secret to tell me, confess now.”

“I have a Skill called Monster Legion Reincarnation,” I immediately revealed. “I can summon those who I’ve killed. They don’t have their abilities from when they were alive, but if I wish, they can have their appearance and memories.”

“I see. Then you probably can summon me too.”

“You died nine times with me, so it’s possible to summon nine of you.”

“I forbid it.”

“Understood.”

From the beginning, I wasn’t planning on summoning Lady Silver Lily anyway, no matter what happened. But her words eliminated the possibility entirely.

Love was a sacred promise and a contract; we were creating a code of law for just the two of us.

“I’ll add one more thing to do when you betray me: obliterate that Skill.”

“I will.”

I chose my next words carefully. She was the person I loved, and she was the person who was going to love me. I had to be more careful and cherish her than I was with anyone else in the world.

“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you in advance.”

“I’ll forgive you if you make one promise.”

I nodded. “I’m listening.”

“Don’t commit suicide without my permission. Don’t die even when death is your easiest escape. You’re my lover, so you can’t just throw away your life. Even if death seems inevitable, struggle to survive until the end.”

I silently carved our promise in my heart. “Yes, I will.”

“Tell me what you want from me.”

“Please trust me when I ask you to.”

“I’ll always trust you.”

The carriage rattled. Using the small vibration as an excuse, she and I leaned against each other, and our lips met. From that day on, we became each other’s love.

Chapter 106

1DAYS (1)

“Lady Silver Lily.”

“What is it?”

“Let’s just drop everything and take a break for ten days,” I suggested. “No one has been working as hard as you. You’ve done your best in your work and personal life. So, let’s stop working hard just for the next ten days and then use my regression Skill—”

“To have fun that ordinary people can’t?”

“That’s right.”

“Hmm.” Lady Silver Lily was calm. “Whatever chaos we cause, no one will remember if we go back to a day ago, so we won’t have to deal with any of it.”

“I knew you would catch on quickly.”

“Isn’t that kind of play a little too irresponsible?”

“Why not be irresponsible?”

“Hmm, I ended up having an awfully bad boy as my lover…”

“Ten days. Deal?

Lady Silver Lily took out her fan and waved it at her face. “I think ten days is too short, so let’s make it fifteen days”

“Deal.”

We played as if we were making up for our lives so far. Sormwin Academy was located near the capital, so a short trip in a carriage afforded us many splendid options for entertainment. And my lover was the heir to the most influential noble in the empire.

Simply put, she had all of the power and money in the world.

“Which seat would you like?” the polite theater staff asked.

“I’ll hire your troupe for a day,” Lady Silver Lily flatly replied.

“Pardon?”

“I said I’d hire your troupe for an entire day. Do you not understand what I said? Or do I have to repeat myself three times? Is this your troupe’s way of practicing your acting skills?”

“N-no, it’s not! I’m sorry! I’ll contact the troupe master right away!”

Hiring a theatrical or an opera troupe for a day was just the beginning.

“Gong-Ja, there’s something I’ve always wanted to do.”

“What is it?”

“I’m going to hire six troupes at once,” Lady Silver Lily said. She sounded calm, but I could tell that she was having fun right now, like a mischievous child pulling a prank. “And we’re going to have them perform their plays on a huge stage all at once. Three plays will be tragedies, two will be comedies, and the last one will be an opera.”

“Uh, that sounds like it’s going to be a total mess.”

“That’s precisely what I want to see.”

“Then let’s do it.”

She brought in the six most expensive troupes in the capital. Since the eldest daughter in the Ducal Family of Ivansia was calling them, all of them came running. Some might worry that such tyranny would damage the duke’s reputation, but that was okay. Since we were a regressor couple, we could have fun for a day and then go back in time. What were people going to do about it?

“Ahhh. What a huge mess. This is what I wanted to see…” My lover fanned herself with immense satisfaction.

“Bwahahahaha!” I rolled around on the floor, laughing.

Next to the actor who was reciting the most tragic lines, the clowns performed a comedy. The simultaneous performances of the six plays made even the most serious lines in the world sound funny. The actors sweated profusely through the entire performance.

“Let’s clean out the gambling houses in the capital!” I suggested.

“That’s a great idea. I’ll take it.”

We set out for a casino exclusively for the nobility first. People here wore masks to hide their identities, like at a masquerade ball, but no noble could fail to recognize my lover’s silver hair draping down like moonlight.

“Say call.”

“Ca-call.”

When Lady Silver Lily told the opponent to call, he cowered and followed her.

“Fold.”

“I-I’ll fold this round.”

Lady Silver Lily told the opponent to die, and he quietly put down his cards.

“Raise the stakes.”

“R-raise…”

“Raise it more.”

“I’ll raise again…”

She said raise, and so it was raised.

“All of you, go all in.”

“All… in…”

A miracle comparable to the Crossing of the Red Sea happened at a luxurious deluxe casino. I decided to build the Lily Church for my lover. The first verse of its scripture would be about the casino. Oh, how beautiful a villainess was as she destroyed others for her own pleasure.

“Th-this is tyranny!”

By the time sixteen nobles cried and gave us their diamond rings and necklaces, the owner of the casino came running over.

“Even if you’re the Lady of Ivansia,” the middle-aged man with a kaiser mustache complained, “you can’t do this here…”

“Oh, do you know who I am? That’s strange. People said that this casino makes a point of hiding the customers’ identities and remaining silent even if they find out. It seems I heard a false rumor.”

“I-I don’t know! Of course I don’t know who you are, but—”

“You don’t know who I am? How dare you? I guess you don’t feel like staying attached to your head.”

The gambling house’s owner opened and closed his mouth blankly. Although he was also a noble, Lady Silver Lily’s bloodline was on another level. In less than a minute, he was verbally shot down and couldn’t stand back up.

“What? How can you not answer when Her Ladyship asked you a question!?” I stood by my lover’s side and shouted like a tyrant’s treacherous subject. Her side felt really warm and comfy. “Do you think you don’t have to answer her question? Or are you thinking of a way to insult her family with your filthy tongue?”

“N-no. How could I? M-my lady, it’s just that I’m a small business owner, so I ask you to please be a little more considerate—”

“Wow. My lady, this fool’s arrogance has no limit. You should just behead him for his disrespect!”

The gambling house’s owner shrieked.

Lady Silver Lily leisurely fanned herself. “It’s okay. The Baron of Loebe has a secret drug lab in the basement and is distributing illegal drugs throughout the capital, but is that really enough to behead him?”

The middle-aged man with the kaiser mustache shook, doubting his ears. He soon turned pale in shock. It seemed his confusion before now was nothing.

“W-what are you talking about…?”

“Sit down. If you sit there and play ten games with me, I’ll let it slide for tonight.”

In the end, we even emptied the casino owner’s wallet. We then scattered the mountains of gold coins and jewels on the streets of the empire.

Those were dream days. Although they might be meaningless, they were still beautiful. We did whatever we wanted, playing however we wanted. We rented and idled away in the most luxurious room of the most expensive accommodation in the capital. I jumped into the enormous bed with Lady Silver Lily in my arms.

“Hmm.”

On the first day, Lady Silver Lily’s eyes sparkled.

“Mmhmm.”

On the second day, the corners of her lips rose.

“…Haha.”

On the third day, Lady Silver Lily laughed. It wasn’t to mock, but because she was happy. My lover’s smile was as pure as a newborn’s.

“Gong-Ja.” Lady Silver Lily buried her face in my chest.

“Are you happy?”

“You’re in this world, so I can live a little longer.”

I was happy. The minimum requirement for a person to be happy was having at least one other person.

“I’ll start writing a diary from today on.”

“To show me?”

“One of my colleagues is good at playing instruments. I’ll learn music from her,” I made a promise.

“You’re going to play it for me.”

“No matter what happens, I will survive.”

One day, we bribed and harassed the guards to lease the busiest street in the capital for an hour. There was no one but us.

Another day, she and I visited the palace, and she told the emperor everything in her heart. When Lady Silver Lily said, “You should raise your son better than that, Your Majesty. He’s a scoundrel,” the emperor fell out of his throne.

“Your Majesty!” The officials around him made a fuss.

We enjoyed our vacation one day at a time.

It feels just like a honeymoon.

I didn’t say that aloud. Just thinking about it made my face burn, but I believed that Lady Silver Lily was thinking the same thing.

On the last day, we didn’t go anywhere. We just sat side by side at the fountain in the capital plaza. From noon to evening, we held each other’s hands and quietly looked at the shadows of countless people walking by in the square. A newspaper boy hurriedly ran into the alley between a fruit shop and a tavern.

“We did a lot of bad stuff.”

After half a day, she said, “Yes, we’re heinous assholes.”

I held her hand tightly. We weren’t on this trip because I was already in love with her. I was in it to love her more. Now that I had repeated one day for half a month, my love for her was stronger, and I wanted to love her more.

“We’re the only ones who know.”

“We’re accomplices.” She laughed quietly.

[Your character immersion has deepened.]

[Your immersion level is 81%.]

It was proof of happiness.

“Raviel, do you remember what I told you in the carriage before?”

“I remember everything you said to me.”

“When I ask you to trust me, please trust me,” I reminded her.

“Of course.”

“It’s time.”

Lady Silver Lily turned to regard me. “It seems like you’re up to something suspicious. Gong-Ja, it would be better for your heart to confess now.”

“I’m going to increase the immersion level to ninety-nine percent now.”

On this trip, Lady Silver Lily and I had talked about a lot of stuff. The world I was from, what an apocalyptic book was, what an immersion level was… Really, a lot. Lady Silver Lily had learned all that from me.

“I need to become a butler almost completely so I can be someone who was born and raised in this world.”

“Why?”

“I can’t tell you.”

Lady Silver Lily stroked her chin. “…The fact that you can’t even tell me means that the plan will only work when you’re the only one who knows about it.”

“That’s correct.”

“You’re telling me this because you have more favors to ask of me.”

“Yes, I do.”

Lady Silver Lily sighed. She felt like she had been beaten to the punch. “…You made me promise to trust you solely for this moment. You’re more clever than you look—I should have been more alert when I listened to you. Okay, what do you want me to do now?”

It was time for action.

* * *

First, we went back to the day of the ball when the Inquisitor and I had first arrived in this world. Lady Silver Lily and I hurriedly escaped the ballroom and went to her villa.

“Tie my hands and feet tightly to a chair first, please.”

Lady Silver Lily’s expression changed subtly. “Gong-Ja, I think it’s still too early for us to step into that world…”

“I don’t know what you’re thinking, and I feel like I shouldn’t know. But I’m very satisfied with my life right now, so don’t worry.”

“I promised to trust you, so I have no other choice…” Lady Silver Lily tied me tightly to the chair.

I tried moving around, but I couldn’t budge one bit. This should be safe enough.

—Hey, Kim ■bi. What are you doing right now? You’re making me a little nervous, brother.

[Shiny is worried about what ■ is doing.]

My immersion level was already over eighty percent. From what I gathered, the butler—the original owner of this body—was in love with not only Lady Goldencup but also Lady Silver Lily. Either way, his love wasn’t going to be answered, so he never spoke of it.

The crown prince was juggling relationships with both Lady Silver Lily and Lady Goldencup. Meanwhile, Lady Goldencup was also involved with the crown prince as well as the butler. And he had been secretly fostering his love for both Lady Silver Lily and Lady Goldencup. At the same time, Lady Silver Lily was two-timing the crown prince and me.

What a shitty romance. But… thank you.

Right now, I was just grateful to the butler for developing feelings for Lady Silver Lily too. Thanks to that, I was able to come up with this plan.

I made up my mind.

“Please put a mirror in front of me.”

Lady Silver Lily had the servants position a large mirror in front of me. I couldn’t avoid seeing my reflection because of how tightly I was bound.

“Show me the character window.”

Letters slid across the mirror’s surface.

Name: Kim Gong-Ja

Affection: 90

Liked genres: Murim, romance, mystery, adventure

Disliked genre: None

Liked characters: Teachers, noble heroes, altruists, hard workers, children, good people, self-reflective people, generous people, people who understand him.

…

The character window continued, showing almost everything about me.

With the window open in front of my eyes, I looked up at her. “Raviel.”

“I’m listening.”

“Please shower me with kisses so I’ll fall harder for you.”
