	[The Goddess of Protection insists that she can feel their presence if they are nearby.]

	I shrugged. “Well, it’s not urgent and I guess you at least have one-fifth of your original power. What can you do exactly?”

	[The Goddess of Protection explains that you will be able to receive absolute support from people of the Aegim Empire.]

	“I knew that already. What else?”

	The holy sword released light at her maximum output.

	“Ahhhh! My eyes! My eyessssss!” I rolled on the ground, clutching my eyes.

	The holy sword’s voice was pompous.

	[The Goddess of Protection proudly says that she is good at shining.]

	“Of course I know that! I’ve seen you do that a lot!”

	Thank god I shielded my eyes using aura. I almost went blind!

	“I mean, what can you do other than getting support and shining?!”

	The waiting room went quiet and the holy sword’s light grew faint. I could almost hear her stammering.

	[The Goddess of Protection says she is good at cutting monsters.]

	[The Goddess of Protection quickly adds that she is good at cutting humans too.]

	Her answer left me completely dumbstruck.

	Just then, someone knocked on the waiting room’s door, so I quickly sheathed the sword. If I talked to the holy sword in front of other people, I would become nothing short of a madman.

	“Who is it?”

	“It’s me,” the Black Witch called. “It’s been noisy in there for a while now. Is anything wrong?”

	“It’s okay. Everything is fine!”

	“Is that so…?” The Black Witch sounded skeptical of my answer, but she didn’t press me further. “The press conference will start in five minutes. The reporters will probably flood you with questions, but the twenty-first floor will be open by the time the press conference ends. You just have to answer some of their questions until then and then head straight to the twenty-first floor. Do you have any questions?”

	“No, I don’t!”

	“If only you were a smooth talker… Don’t be late.”

	I heard the Black Witch walking away from the door. Once her footsteps had completely faded away, I drew the holy sword and looked at her again. “To summarize, you’re a shiny sword that is completely useless.”

	[The Goddess of Protection protests that your statement is unfair.]

	“Forget it. From now on, you’re Shiny, not Goddess of Protection. You don’t deserve to be called a holy sword!”

	Now that I thought about it, this Constellation was pathetic. She had lost almost her entire world to the Demon King of Autumn Rain and I had to step up and protect her world. Just like Preta, she was in no position to act high and mighty.

	“And you’re too noisy. My head is already at maximum capacity with Mr. Sword Emperor over there. And you keep saying ‘Goddess of Protection’ every time you say something. It’s too distracting! Don’t talk to me unless it’s absolutely necessary.”

	[The Goddess of Protection—]

	“I’m more than willing to return you to the Aegim Empire. You got that, Shiny?”

	After a brief silence, the holy sword vibrated.

	[Shiny answers, “Yes, Hero.”]

	It was a “Gotcha, Constellation!” moment.

	* * *

	The press conference was held in the plaza. The crowd appeared to be well into the tens of thousands; they not only filled the plaza but also the alleys nearby. When we walked up to the platform in the plaza’s center, cameras flashed from all directions.

	The Black Witch, the Sword Star, and I sat side by side at the table prepared for us. The Black Witch took the microphone.

	“…Thank you for your welcome.”

	The Black Witch’s calm voice triggered bursts of cheers in the plaza.

	“Black Dragon Master!”

	“I love you!”

	“Please look over here, Black Dragon Master! Just this once!”

	A group of people waved flags. Some were even holding up the magazines for which the Black Witch had modeled.

	It was amazing.

	Perhaps that was because the Saintess was yet to appear, the Black Witch currently reigned as the most popular female Hunter. She bowed obligingly before she moved the press conference forward.

	“As all of you already know, we cleared the eleventh to the nineteenth floors. Various press and broadcasting networks have described that as a remarkable feat, and yes, it truly is. We were wondering how to announce this joyous accomplishment… but that turned out that it wasn’t necessary. You immediately advertised it for us. I would like to express my sincerest gratitude for helping us save on advertising expenses.”

	The reporters in the front row laughed quietly.

	“But that isn’t our most proud accomplishment.”

	The plaza slowly quieted down.

	“I’m not talking about how we finally cleared the tenth floor after years of trying. It isn’t how we cleared the twentieth floor at a speed no one expected, either. What makes me the happiest is that we’ve taken zero casualties. No one died in this expedition.”

	She spoke from her heart after making a little joke. I knew nothing about giving speeches, but the Black Witch of the Black Dragon Guild had deftly led the press conference right from the beginning. Is that what it takes to become the best guild’s leader?

	I wondered if she was really the person who had been eagerly stuffing me into clothes yesterday like I was a doll.

	“Everyone, please take a moment to look down at the plaza,” the Black Witch said. “You’ll see a name on each paving stone. They belong to our fallen predecessors who have given their lives to clear the Tower. Even when we cleared the second and third floors, many names were carved into these stones. “

	The reporters’ cameras zoomed in on the floor.

	“Thanks to their sacrifice, we’re standing here today, and I’m… truly happy that I can say this in front of them.” The Black Witch’s voice swelled. “Today, we carve no one’s name here.”

	The cameras moved back and forth between the plaza and the Black Witch. The cover for tomorrow’s newspaper was decided, and so was the press conference’s mood. The crowd was chanting the Black Witch’s title.

	I watched the conference with a carefully managed poker face. I was pleasantly surprised—I wouldn’t even need to come forward. This is why knowing the right people was important.

	I felt much more relaxed as I glanced up at the air.

	[01:22:10]

	It was just like the time the eleventh floor had opened up. The moment the glowing countdown in the sky hit zero, the twenty-first floor would be opened.

	I just want to be done with the press conference and head to the twenty-first floor…

	The press conference smoothly progressed to a Q&A between the Black Witch and the reporters when one of the reporters sprang to his feet.

	“I’m John Evans from Babylon Daily News! I have a question for the Death King, the new Rank 3 Hunter.”

	Huh? Me? I looked at the reporter.

	Naturally, the attention of everyone in the plaza was on me now.

	“There are many discussions about the sudden increase in your ranking, Mr. Death King. The theory that you’re the product of a long program run by the Five Guilds is gaining the most credibility!”

	“Uh…”

	“If it’s true, that makes you a hero deliberately created by the Five Guilds. What do you think about these allegations?”

	The plaza grew a little noisy.

	“A lot of concerns have also been raised as to the Five Guilds possibly colluding to monopolize the rights to the eleventh to the twentieth floors. And I heard that you are going to have exclusive rights to the twentieth floor! Is that true, Death King?”

	The commotion was growing.

	The Black Witch maintained a blank expression, but she clicked her tongue. The sound was so quiet that only I could hear it. She sighed. “He’s trying to provoke you. Don’t answer him; I’ll take care of it.”

	“No.” I shook my head. “People like that will continue to show up in the future anyway. I need to take a stand at least once.”

	“But…”

	“It’s okay.” I extended my hand to the Black Witch. “Please hand me the microphone.”

	My mind was set. I was going to make sure no one would provoke me like that again before I got to the twenty-first floor.

Chapter 54

The Ultimate Fan (2)

	The Black Witch sighed, concerned. “Don’t go too far. I can cover up most of your mistakes, but if you go too far, I have no way to control the media.”

	“You won’t find anyone as peaceful as me. Besides, you know that I’m a clairvoyant. I know what the best answer is.”

	“…Can I really count on you?”

	“Of course.”

	I took the microphone from the Black Witch. She still looked concerned, but it really was fine. I had the ultimate trick up my sleeve.

	I cleared my throat a couple of times before I spoke into the microphone. “Hello, everyone. I’m the Hunter who received the title of Death King. It’s nice to meet you all for the first time.”

	The speakers carried my voice into the crowd.

	The flashing of cameras that replied turned into one big wave of light. It didn’t really faze me. Perhaps the experience of being surrounded by the crowd of cameras yesterday had inured me because it was considerably easier to put up with the constant bombardment of lights.

	“Your name is… Mr. John Evans, yes?” I asked.

	“That’s right.” The young reporter looked straight into my eyes; his eyes were burning with the spirit of a true reporter. He wasn’t going to miss any of my movements and was determined to expose me.

	It was quite stressful, but only one thought occupied my mind as I faced him: to never become like the Fire Emperor.

	“I believe that all of the concerns are raised because of my inadequacy.”

	“Pardon?” The reporter blinked, the microphone he held momentarily forgotten. He probably hadn’t expected that answer.

	I remembered the cocky Fire Emperor.

	“I’ll say it again: I believe that all of the concerns are raised because of my inadequacy.”

	My ultimate trick was very simple: always say the opposite of what the Fire Emperor would say. I was no expert at interviews. I was certainly not the Black Witch. I didn’t have the abilities, the gifts, or the experience to captivate a crowd with my speech.

	However, I knew what others didn’t: the interviews of the world’s cockiest Hunter!

	If I act the opposite of the Fire Emperor, I’ll at least make it halfway.

	I had been the Fire Emperor’s fanboy for almost ten years, so I had a library of all the Fire Emperor’s outrageous acts and words tucked away in my head. If the Fire Emperor had taken the microphone now, he would have said, “I cleared the twentieth floor because I’m great, you dimwits. So what? I worked my ass off to clear those floors, so of course the items and experience points from the floors are mine. Hey, Mr. Media Jackal. If I don’t get them, then who do you think I should give them to? Your daddy?”

	I didn’t make this up. He had actually said that at the conference before my regression!

	The Black Witch’s face was so pale back then…

	It had later been dubbed the “Your Daddy” incident. Of course, all hell had broken loose. The Black Witch had quickly ended the conference, but it was too late; the reporters’ swearing had already been aired live. It had been an absolute disaster.

	And even though the broadcast had been stopped, the tragedy didn’t end. Yoo Soo-Ha had decided to fight fire with fire and spew all the curses in the world at the reporters, their parents, their in-laws, and the rest of their families. And the streamers had aired the entirety of it.

	He was called the Fucker for a reason.

	According to the rumors, the Black Witch had been bedridden for a week. The Your Daddy incident was almost certainly why she had grown sick of Yoo Soo-Ha and he had grown apart from the major guilds.

	The Fire Emperor messed up the conference miserably. In other words, I just have to say the opposite of the Fucker.

	The opposite of the worst was the best! I kept Yoo Soo-Ha’s outrageous remarks in mind, and adjusted my grip on the microphone.

	“I cleared the twentieth floor because I’m great, you dimwit.”

	“I know how much attention is on me right now, but you’re giving me too much credit. If I didn’t have help from the Black Dragon Master and Sword Star over here, I would have never gotten to the twentieth floor so that I could clear it on my own.”

	“So what? I worked my ass off to clear the floors.”

	“Of course, I’m confident that I gave it everything I had. To achieve my goal of preventing any casualties, I made an excruciating effort, but I don’t necessarily think I sacrificed anything. That is something I should do as a human and a Hunter. All else aside… I did it because I wanted to.”

	“Of course the items and experience points from the floors are mine. Hey, Mr. Media Jackal. If I don’t get them, then who do you think I should give them to?”

	“So I have no intention of claiming rights over those floors. That’s why I let the guild leaders have all the rights to the eleventh through the nineteenth floors. Earlier, you said that I have exclusive rights to the twentieth floor, but no. The twentieth floor will serve as a sort of greenbelt area. The original residents will continue to live there. I’m satisfied with just the role of managing the floor.”

	“Your daddy?”

	“That would be my answer, Mr. Evans. Do you have another question?”

	The young, eager reporter was left stammering, “N-no, I don’t.”

	Good. I quickly thought about what the Fire Emperor’s response would be.

	“Alright. If you have nothing else to say, get lost, you American pig.”

	I had no problem imagining it. He would also show how long and thick his middle finger was.

	Let’s see. The opposite of that would be…

	“Thank you,” I said. “Oh, if anyone else has questions, I’ll be happy to answer them.”

	A very brief silence hung over the plaza.

	“Me! It’s the Retrospective Newspaper!”

	“Please take my question, Mr. Death King! I’m from Youtower News!”

	“I’m from the Babel Tower Broadcasting System!”

	“Mr. Death King!”

	The reporter’s arms shot into the air. As soon as they realized that I was someone they could talk to, they threw themselves at me to squeeze an article out of me. They were like baby ducks waving their beaks at their mother.

	I was amazed. Wow… This strategy worked great.

	Indeed. The Fire Emperor may be the shittiest, most reprehensible psychopath in the world, but he was a constant moral compass. Even at this moment, he clearly showed me which direction I shouldn’t take. I recalled the Fire Emperor’s words once again.

	“What? Retrospective Newspaper? I’ll never do an interview with you. Your company is full of geezers. I can smell how old you are just from your newspaper. Hey, if you want to call yourself a reporter, at least take a shower.”

	I gestured to the reporter from the Retrospective Newspaper. “Why don’t you start first?”

	It worked wonders. I answered the reporters’ questions for over an hour, but my tongue didn’t slip once. The conference ended in a grand success. It was actually kind of hard to end the conference—the reporters were desperate to get one more line for their articles, and in the end, the Black Witch had to take my microphone and apologize to them.

	“Everyone! I understand that you want to learn all about our new hero. Unfortunately, we don’t have much time left.” The Black Witch pointed at the sky.

	[00:05:27]

	The countdown was close to its end; only about five minutes were left before a new stage opened up. There was no better excuse to end the press conference.

	“Our day off is over, so we’ll start focusing on clearing the Tower. Please keep watching us and cheering us on. We’ll try our best to make sure we keep coming back with no casualties.”

	The people sighed, disappointed that it was over. Just when the press conference was about to really end, one brave soul held up his hand. “B-Black Dragon Master! Please answer one last question!”

	“Okay. The conference will really end after your question.”

	“What is your relationship with the Death King?”

	The people’s eyes sparkled—mostly with pure interest, but it was slightly mixed with naughtiness. Since the dawn of human history, our greatest interest had always been in dating, so the reporters were eager to put me and the Black Witch together like that.

	The Black Witch looked at me with eyes that sparkled with childish mischief.

	“Our relationship, huh…” The Black Witch’s lips slowly formed the quote of a century. “…We’re comrades that are more than friends.”

	The reporters buzzed. They looked confused. Should they focus on the fact that we were more than friends? Or should they focus on the comrade part? Even the man who had asked the question looked taken aback.

	“A-are you saying you two are more than friends?” he asked.

	“Well,” the Black Witch leisurely answered, “I’ll say it again. We’re comrades that are more than friends. That’s it. I hope my answer doesn’t cause any misunderstandings.”

	“Misunderstandings…?”

	“That will be all for the Black Dragon Guild’s press conference today.” The Black Witch stood up from her seat. “Once again, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude to those of you who watched our journey and cheered us on. That will be all from me, the Black Witch and the leader of the Black Dragon Guild. I hope all of you have a great day.”

	The reporters stood up too.

	“B-Black Dragon Master! You can’t leave like that!”

	“Please clarify your statement!”

	“Black Dragon Master!”

	“Mr. Death King, what do you think about her statement just now? Mr. Death King!”

	Wow. The reporters were practically screaming themselves hoarse, but the Black Witch didn’t even blink. She merely guided me backstage with a grin.

	“Let’s go.”

	I glanced back at the reporters, who couldn’t look sadder if they tried. “…Are we really leaving after the fire you set?”

	“I watch a lot of dramas.” The Black Witch gave me a playful wink. “A fire at the finale leaves the deepest impression.”

	Her words carried the experience of the guild leader who practically ruled the Tower.

	* * *

	Backstage, we walked until no one would be able to see us anymore. Only then did the Black Witch heave a deep breath and grab my hands.

	“That was perfect, Death King!” The Black Witch’s eyes were shining. She really didn’t look like the same person who had maintained her poker face throughout the press conference. “When did you learn how to do an interview? Great job!”

	I just did what the Fire Emperor wouldn’t do.

	“Your politeness was a big plus factor! People like a hero, but what they like better is a hero who’ll bow to them! Sure, you shouldn’t be too polite since that would make you look servile… but your balance was perfect! It was incredible!”

	I just said what the Fire Emperor wouldn’t say.

	“I didn’t know you were good at handling the media too. Ahhh… Where have you been all this time, kid? You clear the Tower and create a good media image on your own. My shoulders feel ten times lighter…!”

	What? I felt a prick in my conscience when I saw her this happy, but I really couldn’t tell her that I had just acted the opposite of a psychopath.

	“Tell me whenever you want something. Money? Fame? Power? A lover? Don’t worry, I’ll get you anything that’s in the Tower.”

	“Well, it’s okay. I’m already taking what I want… Black Dragon Master, what was with that ’comrades that are more than friends’ earlier? I didn’t let it show, but I was really surprised.”

	“Oh, that?” The Black Witch shrugged nonchalantly. “It’s nothing. I intentionally put up a bit of a smokescreen.”

	“Smokescreen?”

	“Yeah; even if it isn’t true, the media will be all over your so-called romance scandal. It’ll damage your image, so it’s better to put up a smokescreen and draw attention to you and me.”

	“Is that so…?” I wasn’t sure if that was true because of my lack of experience in handling the media.

	The Black Witch chuckled. “Don’t worry, Death King. I’ve been handling the media on my own for years, so you can trust me on this one. Leave the expert in charge. Do you understand?”

	“Ah, okay.”

	It felt weird for some reason… Yes, I felt like a mysterious monster was out to get me, but I was in Babylon, not a hunting ground. There was no monster. Was I imagining things?

	—Tsk, tsk, tsk. The Guardian clicked his tongue. You’re pathetic, Zombie. You have a head, but not a brain. So how can I not call you Zombie? You call yourself a Hunter and yet you don’t know you’re walking to your death. Gosh.

	What the heck are you on about?

	—You’re pathetic! Pathetic! The Guardian pounded his chest in frustration. He already looked ape-like, so pounding his chest really made him look like a gorilla.

	Just then, loud shouts erupted from the opposite side of the stage. They were a little different from the cheers meant for us.

	“Ten!”

	“Nine!”

	“Eight!”

	They were counting down together. I stopped talking to the Guardian and looked up at the sky.

	[00:00:05]

	The time for the twenty-first floor’s opening was approaching.

	“Three!”

	“Two!”

	“One!”

	[00:00:00]

	The countdown burst into a shower of light, making the crowd cheer wildly. As if answering their excitement, the particles of light gathered again, taking the form of a goddess.

	[Greetings to the warriors who climb the Tower.]

	[Congratulations for breaking through the Demon King’s shadow of resentment.]

	It was the opening of a new stage. Perhaps because the people had seen the goddess before, they just chattered joyfully.

	—Zombie, the Guardian said in a concerned voice.

	I nodded. Yes. It’s okay. I won’t let my guard down.

	However, I had experienced the Tower in the past, so I knew that the twenty-first floor was entirely different from the twentieth floor; it was just as drastic as the transition between the first ten tutorial stages and the whole new stage that had greeted us on the eleventh floor.

	[This is a shelter for the outcast.]

	[You could have given up on challenging the Tower’s stages.]

	[You could have chosen to stay on the first floor of the Tower forever.]

	[However, you made a choice when you cleared the tenth and twentieth floors.]

	Her voice reverberated in the vast sky.

	[You have decided to see the Tower’s top.]

	[Therefore, it is only right to answer your determination.]

	Without a warning, white light enveloped us. It wasn’t just me and the Black Witch—I could hear panicked voices coming from the plaza.

	“W-what?!”

	“I-I didn’t say anything…”

	The biggest difference from the last time was that the white light took us even though no one said “Send me.”

	Bewildered, the Black Witch looked at her feet. “…Wait, the Tower is teleporting us by force?”

	She was right.

	[Those of you who decided to climb up the Tower…]

	[Those of you who climb up the Tower.]

	[Those of you who readily received your new names and became the Tower’s warriors.]

	The goddess held her hands together against her chest as if she were praying for someone.

	[Only you, the chosen warriors, shall carry out the honorable mission.]

	The white light covered my vision.

Chapter 55

The Ultimate Fan (3)

	Latecomers were at a disadvantage in any field. Many fields were bloody oceans which were dominated by very experienced frontrunners, but the latecomers had to jump into the fray and prove their value. It was difficult—making their way in a place like that was like charging an entrenched enemy. The Tower wasn’t any different.

	“…Welcome, warriors who climb up the Tower!”

	When the white light subsided and I opened my eyes again, it wasn’t the voice of the goddess that welcomed us, it was the voice of a child of unclear gender. The child was up in the air, looking down at us abruptly summoned Hunters.

	“I’ve been anxiously waiting for you. Every day was like three years to me!”

	His clothes were airy and superficially resembled a traditional eastern outfit—however, they were completely different up close. Aside from his long sleeves, nothing about his clothes was traditional. Actually, his sleeves were far from ordinary too. They were five meters long.

	“But that’s okay. A life is a journey that starts and ends an encounter. In the end, the meaning of life is in reflecting on who you met. Waiting is a spice that adds deep flavor to life!”

	It was said that the finishing touch of fashion was the looks of the person who wore them. Even if clothes were very special, their appeal depended on who wore them. On that note, the child with five-meter-long sleeves was certainly special.

	“Once again, let me offer you my sincerest welcome to the Great Library of All Life!”

	[Constellation Indoor Librarian welcomes you!]

	The Constellation, the manager and representative of the twenty-first to the thirtieth floors, spread his arms wide and smiled. Unfortunately, no one cared for his greetings. The Hunters were yet to understand the situation, so they were busy looking around at their surroundings.

	“Uhhh… Uhhh…”

	“What? Why was I suddenly teleported?”

	“Where am I?”

	Several hundred people were here, all talking in panic. Most of them were people who had been chanting the countdown together in the plaza. However, there were also those who had been spending time elsewhere.

	“Ahhhhh!”

	“Don’t l-look at us!”

	Embarrassed screams erupted from all across the library. Some Hunters had been teleported in the middle of their showers. Several people who appeared to be lovers were naked. Those who were looking around with half-opened eyes seemed to have been teleported in the middle of their sleep.

	Many Hunters’ privacy was jarringly interrupted and they were thrown out into the open, leaving them alarmed and confused.

	“Oops. I believe I was a little inconsiderate.” The Indoor Librarian grinned and flicked his fingers.

	Big book covers flew in from somewhere. They had holes for heads, arms, and legs, and went to the naked Hunters and used themselves to dress them.

	“Ah…”

	“T-thank god.”

	The Hunters heaved a sigh of relief. The situation was a little awkward for me too, so I was equally relieved.

	“What the h-heck is this…?”

	The Hunters wearing the covers made long faces because they looked like they were in Gundam suits made out of cardboard. They were the minority opinion, however. After a mess of embarrassment, the Hunters finally regained their composure and their gazes gradually made their way to the Constellation.

	“…Who are you?” the Black Witch asked on the Hunters’ behalf. “And what is this place…”

	“Ah, I’m just a nobody who manages a somewhat large library, Black Witch. Compared to you, I’m a lot closer to an extra, so I would prefer that you pretend I’m not here.”

	The Black Witch furrowed her brows and pursed her lips. She didn’t know who the kid was, but he knew her. That didn’t feel right with her. It was only natural—I was somewhat used to these Constellations after making the Demon King of Autumn Rain and Goddess of Protection my subordinates, but the Constellations were still mysteries to other Hunters.

	“…A somewhat large library,” I remarked. “Well, it doesn’t look somewhat large.”

	The twenty-first stage was one giant library. In fact, giant might be an understatement. We were surrounded by bookcases. I could see more bookcases far into the distance and the floor and ceiling also seemed to be made from bookcases. This place was like a world of endless bookcases.

	The master of this world looked at me, his eyes sparkling like those of an innocent child. “I see. You’re the Death King.”

	I narrowed my eyes.

	“Ah, you don’t have to be so guarded. I’m truly harmless, everyone. I sincerely want to welcome you. To me, all of you are like the heroes from the epics.”

	I knew what he meant because I had regressed over four thousand days. This place was no ordinary library. But I pretended I knew nothing and asked, “Heroes from epics?”

	“It’s like this.” The Indoor Librarian flicked his fingers.

	Two hardcover books were pulled from the bookcases. They circled around the Indoor Librarian. On the covers were written Chronicle of the Aegim Empire and The Story of the City of Ascension respectively.

	“My hobby is reading books, but the books in my library are far from ordinary. They are the records of your history—the history of the worlds where the Towers are built.” The Indoor Librarian stroked the spine of the book with his thin finger. “You all must be wondering why you were the only people summoned out of the many warriors. The reason is simple! It’s because you people are the only ones who have character names.”

	“…Character names?”

	“You call them titles.” The Indoor Librarian looked down at us with a gentle smile. “All 302 people here are warriors with titles.”

	“Only the Hunters with titles were summoned?”

	“O-other people…”

	“Wait, so we have to clear the Tower on our own?”

	Yes, he wasn’t talking about the real names that Hunters had been using since they were born. The tickets used to the twenty-first floor and onward were Hunter titles, which were given by the Tower.

	…That’s why before my regression, I was stuck on the same floors after the twentieth floor was cleared.

	The frontrunners were those who had titles and the latecomers were those without titles. The gap between the two groups would widen over time.

	I touched the dagger hanging on my waist. It… was my little ritual to calm down.

	I’m different from old me.

	The loser without a Skill or a title had been stuck on the same floors after the twentieth floor had been cleared. However, that loser was gone. The person standing here right now was the new Rank 3 Hunter.

	I won’t fall behind before I can even try clearing the floors.

	Unlike me, not many Hunters were able to maintain their composure. Even the Black Witch was obviously perplexed.

	“I can’t believe it,” she muttered. “Three hundred people? That’s too few to clear the Tower…”

	“Don’t worry!” The Indoor Librarian waved the Chronicle of the Aegim Empire and laughed. “Three of you successfully protected the Aegim Empire, and there’s over a hundred times as many of you here now! I’m sure you’ll clear my stages very easily. Have some confidence!”

	The Hunters exchanged nervous glances with each other. In the center of this great, seemingly endless library, a little over three hundred Hunters looked like a speck of sand on a beach.

	“Let’s get on with it, Mr. Librarian,” I quickly said before the anxiety could get out of control.

	“Hmm?”

	“I get that you’re excited to meet live people after so long, but we want to climb up the Tower quickly. And you didn’t even give us a quest yet. Can you please keep moving?”

	“Haha. Hahaha.” The Indoor Librarian laughed quietly. “I see! I was so happy that I didn’t even give you the quest. But explaining every detail isn’t really my thing…”

	He flicked his finger again and hundreds of hardcover books began to circle him.

	“Let’s see. Which one will make you feel it right in your bones…? This apocalyptic book is too dull. This apocalypse is too quiet… Ah, yes! This one will be the best.” The Indoor Librarian grabbed a book and opened it, bathing his face with white light. “Keep in mind that this is just a preview. Don’t be too surprised.”

	The wave of light struck us.

	* * *

	All of the Hunters were teleported somewhere. I didn’t know where it was, but it was clear that it wasn’t our world. I had never seen buildings in this style—they were like a forest of termite mounds that had been magnified hundreds of times.

	The Hunters and I were high in the sky. Below our feet were buildings that they had never seen or heard about. Someone screamed; maybe they feared heights. The Hunters weren’t falling one bit, but they instinctively clung to each other.

	The Indoor Librarian watched them and smiled. “Like I mentioned, the records that are gathered in my library aren’t ordinary history books or novels. It’s a little—no, a lot more sophisticated than that!”

	The Great Library of All Life was where the worlds were stored in the form of books.

	“This is the world you cleared.” The Indoor Librarian tapped the book titled Chronicle of the Aegim Empire. “And that is your world!”

	He pointed at The Story of the Ascension City.

	There were hundreds of other books flying around the Indoor Librarian. The childish-looking Constellation gazed at his books endearingly.

	“These books are known by many names. While some call them epics, I’ve also heard people calling them chronicles or sagas—but there’s one name I prefer the most.” The Indoor Librarian turned back to look at us.

	“Apocalyptic books.” His peculiar laughter danced through the sky. “Your apocalyptic book is… being serialized, if I may. The long prologue is over, and now you’re climbing the Tower in earnest. That’s the part where that gets fun. But not all apocalyptic books make it smoothly to serialization like yours.”

	At that moment, something descended from the sky. No, that was too docile a description of what it was doing—it was tearing the sky apart.

	“It’s tragic, but there are apocalyptic books which stopped publishing.”

	Burning meteors rained down on the mound-like buildings. With a thunderous boom, the world shook. The land cracked and the sky split. The city where other intelligent beings had lived was destroyed without a trace.

	The clouds of dust created by the rain of meteors hit us. The Hunters screamed. In the impenetrable darkness that followed, the only thing we heard was the Indoor Librarian’s voice.

	“This isn’t the only book. There are a lot of them.”

	I heard the sound of a book being closed. At the same time, the clouds of dust, the destroyed city, the cracked land, and the torn sky vanished. New worlds unfolded below us.

	“The apocalyptic book just now was discontinued because of stones… but now it’s water!”

	A tsunami that could drown the sky devoured the city. In truth, that was too massive to call it a wave; however, it was too destructive to be even a tsunami. It was more than a disaster. As the tsunami was right in front of them, the Hunters burst into screams again.

	The Indoor Librarian sighed plaintively. “Ahhh. How tragic is that?”

	All humans in one world died from a plague. Due to losing every drop of water, sand covered an entire world. Volcanoes erupted in another, and their smoke clouds blocked the sky. There was even a world where a zombie virus was rampant.

	“All of them are humans like you. They were alive and were writing a story of their own. However, everything ended before they could pen their majestic ending. No, it was before they even met a proper ending. It all happened because of a very unfair reason.” The Indoor Librarian closed the book. “I call that discontinued serialization…”

	Hundreds of books still circled him.

	“But you would call that doom.”

	We were now back in the giant library.

	“Bl-blargh…”

	“Blarghhhhhh!”

	All across the library, Hunters began vomiting. They had just witnessed the fall of dozens of worlds. Although they weren’t injured physically, many Hunters were mentally driven to the breaking point.

	The Indoor Librarian watched us.

	“The quest I’m going to give you is simple: pick eight discontinued apocalyptic books.”

	Pick eight doomed worlds.

	“I want to finish reading the discontinued apocalyptic books!”

	Help him continue reading the stories of the doomed worlds.

	“Go into the eight apocalyptic books.”

	Enter the eight worlds.

	“Save the books from getting discontinued!”

	Save them from their doom.

	“This is the quest I give all of you.”

	Those were the quests of the twenty-second to the twenty-ninth floors. As they continued to vomit, the Hunters heard the voice.

	[Initiating the twenty-second floor’s quest.][1]

	A window of letters showed up in front of them.

	Remake the World (Book 1)

	Difficulty level: Undecided

	Goal: There are many worlds and many dooms. Constellation: Indoor Librarian calls this phenomenon the discontinued serialization. The worlds met discontinued serialization for an unfair reason, so the Indoor Librarian wants the stories to continue.

	Pick one of the apocalyptic books in which serialization stopped! If you successfully save the world, it will be registered as the twenty-second floor.

	※However, the twenty-second floor will not open if you fail the quest.

	That Constellation was a bookworm and fanboy of all worlds.

	“So…” I slowly opened my mouth. “…you don’t like the ending and you would like us to rewrite the books?”

	“That’s right!” The Indoor Librarian smiled sheepishly. “I do so hope you’ll satiate my reading tastes!”

	Our mission was to rewrite the endings of the worlds for this bookworm.

* * *

	1. It seems the twenty-first floor is a lobby for the twenty-second to the thirtieth floor. ☜

Chapter 56

Bibliomania (1)

	The great library fell silent. The Hunters with weak stomachs vomited; those with strong stomachs contemplated the quest window in front of them.

	Only the Indoor Librarian spoke.

	“Oh, please clean up your own vomit. That’s basic manners. Maintaining the library’s cleanliness is only possible with the cooperation of all visitors.”

	He clapped, his five-meter-long sleeves fluttering. From the dark shadow behind the bookcases, mysterious entities approached. They had limbs, so at a cursory glance they looked like humans.

	However, the Black Witch immediately furrowed her brows. “…Bookmarks?”

	The mysterious entities’ torsos were bookmarks with weird drawings in the middle—an impression of a traditional maid’s uniform.

	“Oh, you’re spot on. They are bookmark maids!” The Indoor Librarian stuck his nose in the air and pompously put his hands on his waist. “They’ll tend to you until you clear the thirtieth floor.”

	The bookmark maids bowed.

	“When you want to eat or go to the bathroom, you can tell the maids. They may not look like it, but they’re quite competent.”

	“They’re… monsters, right?” the Black Witch queried.

	“Hah.” The Indoor Librarian hid a grin behind his sleeve. “You can think of them that way.”

	The smile on his face couldn’t be heard in his voice. It was a startling contrast to the cheerfulness he had shown so far.

	“You have a few things to be careful of during your stay here,” the Indoor Librarian said. “First, don’t ever touch the books without my permission. Don’t even lay a finger on them. I shed blood, sweat, and tears to collect all of these books. There is only one of each of these apocalyptic books in this universe. Those yahoos who would put their hands on books without the owner’s permission—”

	“Fuck!” a Hunter spat. “You’ve got to be kidding me. That just means you’re the boss!”

	“…Hmmm.” The Indoor Librarian raised an eyebrow.

	“Hey! Grab your weapons, you guys! Forget the quest, we’ll clear the thirtieth floor right away if we kill him! There are three hundred of us, so we can crush him if we attack together!”

	The Hunters stirred. The Indoor Librarian didn’t really stop the instigator. He simply watched with a plastered-on smile. The Constellation’s silence made the instigator more confident.

	“He’s just a kid! We can beat him!” the Hunter shouted. “If some boy cleared the twentieth floor on his own, there’s no reason we can’t do it!”

	So he was dragging me in now.

	People of all shapes and sizes looked at me. Their eyes were each different colors too. However, the emotions in them were the same: jealousy and greed. I was very familiar with these emotions.

	“You should stay out of this! The guild leaders should stand down too! I already don’t like how you took all the credit from the eleventh floor up. It’s like you guys are the only ones who represent the Tower. And you find some boy and fabricate a new hero—did you really think nobody would notice your scheme?”

	That set the Black Witch off.

	“Who do you think—!”

	“Don’t.” I grabbed her wrist.

	“Death King, if you leave those brats like that—”

	“Still, you should still hold yourself back,” I whispered. “Everything is being broadcast live now.”

	The Black Witch blinked. “Live broadcast? What are you talking about?”

	“We’re being aired on a hologram in the plaza.”

	Before, I couldn’t set foot on the twenty-first floor because I had been without a title, yet I knew the stages and quests in detail.

	“It’s like a television program. People in the plaza are watching everything we’re doing in real-time,” I added.

	“Why…?”

	“The Constellation said that we’re characters from a book,” I quietly reminded her. “So there have to be readers.”

	I had watched everything from the plaza before. I may not have been part of clearing the floors… but I had seen how the Hunters with titles had cleared the twenty-first to the thirtieth floors from beginning to end.

	They should be able to see the hologram in the plaza right now.

	Hundreds of thousands of “readers” were watching every word of our dialogue and each move in real time. We were truly on a stage.

	“Don’t let your guard down because we’re the only ones here, Black Dragon Master. If you say or do something bad, people will remember it forever.”

	The Black Witch immediately understood how scary that was. “…I see. Clearing the floors isn’t the most important objective here.”

	I nodded. “Yes, what matters is how we clear it.”

	We had to play our roles and look like real heroes from a book so people—no, readers wouldn’t find faults later.

	“We’re already in a book named The Great Library of All Life.”

	[Welcome, Death King.]

	That voice that didn’t belong to the Black Witch or the Indoor Librarian. It was the Tower, giving me a message that I expected whenever a quest was given.

	[Your rewards for clearing the twentieth floor will be given now.]

	I suppressed a smile. It was time to receive the prize for protecting the Aegim Empire and its world.

	* * *

	The Tower was cruel to the late runners, but the front runners were richly rewarded.

	[You have received the God of Beauty’s blessing for clearing the normal stage.]

	[You can now observe the affinities of characters on the twenty-first through the thirtieth floors.]

	That wasn’t the only reward. I still had the reward for clearing the hidden quest.

	[You have received the God of Serpents’ blessing for clearing the hidden stage.]

	[You can now observe the state of mind of characters on the twenty-first through the thirtieth floors.]

	Good! These rewards are just what I need! I thought.

	The key to this quest was how well I played my role. However, I couldn’t do it perfectly on my own; acting was a team exercise. I needed to know the mental states of other people, the characters.

	Show me my status window.

	Before I began working on the quest, I examined my status.

	Name: Kim Gong-Ja

	Class: D

	Skills (5/6):

	1. I Want To Be Like You(S+)

	2. Returner’s Clockwork(EX)

	3. Sword Constellation(A+)

	4. High Society of Goblins(F)

	5. Monster Legion Reincarnation (SSS)

	6. None

	※The God of Beauty’s blessing is active.

	※The God of Serpents’ blessing is active.

	Okay. I quietly looked at the Black Witch. Only then did I realize that I was still holding onto her wrist and had to let go of it as naturally as possible. I tried to command the system in a manner that sounded somewhat legitimate. Show me the character window.

	A new, totally unfamiliar kind of system window showed up in the form of a hologram.

	Name: Black Witch

	Affection: 82

	Liked genre: Romance

	Disliked genre: History

	Liked characters: Prince Charming, younger men, wild men, naive men

	Disliked characters: Psychopaths, soldiers, politicians, incompetent female lead

	Liked plot points: Repay gratitude, sacrifice for the greater good

	Disliked plot points: Amnesia, betrayal, female leads’ misunderstanding

	State of mind: If what we’re doing here is being broadcasted in Babylon… I have to act noble for the future. Clearing the floors is a secondary goal. Yes, I need to be strategic with every move. The wisest tactic is…

	I was at a loss for words. My silence made the Black Witch grow more serious, fearing that I was having a problem.

	“What’s wrong?”

	“N-no, it’s nothing.”

	“…That’s fine, but please tell me immediately if there’s other information I should know. I’m working on a plan right now.”

	“O-okay.”

	The Black Witch turned away and lost herself in thought. She looked very serious. As I looked at her from the side, indescribable guilt hit me.

	What? I… feel like I peeked at someone else’s diary…

	As the Guardian and I shared my consciousness, he was already rolling in the air, laughing.

	—HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Prince Charming! Prince Charming…! Hahahaha! Her elixir of eternal youth is the only reason she can hide how old she is! But she still wants her Prince Charming! Zombie, get a fancy horse from somewhere and ride it in front of her! You’re a so-called hero, right? And a hero with a crown is a prince! Wow, you guys are perfect for each other!

	I stared at the Guardian.

	—Hmm? What’s with that look? Don’t give me that.

	Show me the character window.

	—Huh? Hey! Kim Zombie, what are you doing?! Hey! Hey! The Guardian, flustered, waved his hands. However, it didn’t stop the system. The Guardian’s long character window exposed his very soul to me.

	Name: Sword Emperor

	Affection: 59

	Liked genre: Murim

	Disliked genre: Everything else

	Liked characters: Machoes, rivals, mothers

	Disliked characters: Weak people, pushovers

	Liked plot points: Victory, refreshing moments

	Disliked plot points: Defeats, frustrating moments

	State of mind: Fuck! Don’t tell me it works on me too!

	I almost burst out laughing. M-mothers. Mr. Sword Emperor, I didn’t know you were a mama’s b—

	—I’ll kill you! The Guardian glared at me. He was actually losing it. I’ll kill you! Fuck! Turn it off right now! Erase it from your memory, you little shit! I’ll blow your head off if you don’t! I will literally kill you! I won’t be your friend!

	It had been a while since the Guardian and I first met, but I’d never seen him panicking like this. Well, the more pressured someone was, the more they would run their mouth.

	Unlike him, I was very relaxed.

	Why don’t you be more polite until I clear the thirtieth floor? Or else I might just pull up your character window whenever I have a chance.

	The Guardian huffed and puffed. The blasts from his nostril were amazing, but meaningless. He couldn’t beat me or stop me from using the ability on him.

	—You’ll see! Someday, it’ll all come back to bite you!

	I laughed. His threat wasn’t scary at all.

	While I tested the new ability, the Hunters had divided into two sides. One side was made up of extremists; they and the instigator wanted to hunt the “boss monster” together. The other Hunters were cautious and were waiting to see how the situation turned out. There were about one hundred extremists, and the rest were in the cautious group.

	“How foolish,” the Sword Star sneered, the first thing he’d said since arriving. He watched the extremists contemptuously. “Have you already forgotten what the Constellation just showed us? If he wanted to, he could simply throw us into one of those worlds and walk away, yet you still want to pick a fight with him. You’re all crazy. Well, I won’t stop you if mass suicide is what you’re aiming for.”

	Half of the extremists immediately broke away from the group, leaving behind fifty Hunters.

	“Hey!” the instigator yelled. “Don’t chicken out! The Death King cleared the tenth and twentieth floors on his own! That’s how all boss monsters are. The Five Guilds are trying to monopolize the trophies! If you want to wag your tail to the Five Guild all your lives, then fine! Get lost!”

	The instigator seemed to hold quite a high ranking, judging from the fact that fifty people were still hooked by what he was saying.

	He may lead a decent guild even though it’s not one of the Five Guilds, I thought.

	However, I couldn’t recall his face or his title. The Fire Emperor, Master Alchemist, Black Witch, Sword Star… I remembered all of the High Rankers and had fanboyed over every one of them. If I didn’t remember the instigator, there had to be a good reason for it.

	“Hmm… Have you settled on your stance?” The Indoor Librarian looked down at the fifty extremists. Hundreds of books were circling around him like planets orbiting the sun.

	“Yeah, you boss monster shit! Fifty people will be enough to crush a kid like y—!”

	“I’m sorry, but I don’t really like cliches.” The Indoor Librarian grabbed a book titled The Epic of the Sealed World. “I’ll make it quick.”

	He opened the book, lighting up the library with a flash of light. It was quickly followed by a mass of dark tentacles crawling out and striking the extremists.

	“W-what?”

	“In this apocalyptic book, only one wizard survived the fall of humanity,” the Indoor Librarian narrated. “Well, after multiple trials, the wizard became closer to a tentacle monster, than a human. Still, I like this protagonist quite a lot. He’s my ninth favorite protagonist.”

	The tentacles took hold of the extremists and held them up in the air one by one.

	“Ahhhhhhh!”

	The Epic of Sealed World soon swallowed the extremists.

	“H-help me!”

	The extremists who had been lucky enough to dodge the tentacles began to run, but it was no use. More tentacles, ten times as many as before, shot out of the book. They grabbed the Hunters by their wrists, waists, and ankles.

	“This wizard, my ninth favorite character, specializes in sealing magic, and I’m like his customer. I occasionally provide him with “materials”, and the wizard will readily do my commissions.”

	The fifty extremists were eaten by the book in no time.

	The Indoor Librarian grinned. “Like so.”

	With its gluttony sated, The Epic of Sealed World started vomiting something out. We watched it with tightly held breaths. I couldn’t see them from here… but the crowd in the plaza was probably doing the same.

	The book vomited out bookmarks. They were as tall as humans and had limbs.

	“Oh, yes. The wizard’s hobby is dressing up his artwork in maid uniforms.”

	The bookmarks had drawings of maid uniforms in the middle.

	“He’s a little bit of a pervert. Well, he’s humanity’s last survivor, so it would be more odd if he’d kept his sanity.”

	The Hunters looked around and saw fifty bookmark maids quietly standing at attention. To the Hunters’ dismay, a little farther away, thousands of bookmark maids were working, with mops or cutlery. That was what we could see right now, but the great library stretched beyond the horizon. How many bookmark maids were in this entire library?

	The Hunters were utterly silent.

	“Yes, it’s a lot cleaner now! The useless extras have been taken care of.” The Indoor Librarian closed the book. “Do you feel like becoming protagonists now?”

Chapter 57

Bibliomania (2)

	The Hunters sat in a circle. In the center were hundreds of apocalyptic books. The Hunters and I had to choose from the pile, but no one dared to approach it. It was only natural—fifty fellow Hunters had only just been eaten by one of those books. Everyone was either scared or depressed. It would take someone truly insane to laugh in this situation.

	“Hahahaha! It’s quite a loss to have fifty of us eliminated.”

	Surprisingly, we had one such maniac among us. He had blond hair and looked like a boy. He was recognized as the Tower’s number-one madman: the Inquisitor.

	The Inquisitor stroked his chin. “But marching forward comes with sacrifice. We shouldn’t let their sacrifice be in vain! Let us devote ourselves to clearing the floors! Pull yourselves together! We almost lost one hundred people. It was very lucky that it ended with fifty people. Instead of mourning what we lost, we should celebrate what we protected!”

	The more the Inquisitor said, the more the mood dropped.

	The bookmark maids continued to bustle around us, serving hot coffee and black tea that they had produced from somewhere. Of around two hundred fifty Hunters, the Inquisitor was the only one who gladly accepted the drink. As he sipped on the black tea, the Inquisitor tilted his head in confusion. “Is no one else having any? It’s pretty good.”

	“First of all,” I interrupted—it was no good to let a psychopath talk for a long time. “Mr. Inquisitor, please shut up.”

	“Eh? Why?”

	“Your words dampens our spirits. We can’t let them drop any further, so please shut up until I say otherwise.”

	“Ah, that’s a real problem.” The Inquisitor beamed. “Okay, Mr. Death King! I’ll gladly shut up!”

	The Hunters looked back and forth between the Inquisitor and me. They shouldn’t look at me that way; I just got the hang of handling that weirdo.

	I raised my voice, eager to change the mood. “Now, I’m sure all of you know by now that we shouldn’t attack the Constellation over there. Right now, we need to carry out the quest he gave us.”

	The Hunters slowly turned their attention to me. I could feel the pressure in my gut, but I endured it.

	I’m now the Rank 3 Hunter, which means I have the third-strongest say in this matter!

	I needed attention to feel like a second skin.

	“But the quest isn’t necessarily bad for us,” I said, feigning nonchalance. “Please take a look at the quest window, everyone.”

	The Hunters looked at the air. They were probably looking at the same system window as mine.

	Remake the World

	Difficulty level: Undecided

	Goal: There are many worlds and many dooms. Constellation Indoor Librarian calls this phenomenon the discontinued serialization. The worlds met discontinued serialization for an unfair reason, so the Indoor Librarian wants the stories to continue.

	Pick one of the apocalyptic books in which serialization stopped! If you successfully save the world, it will be registered as the twenty-second floor.

	※However, the twenty-second floor will not open if you fail the quest.

	“Have you all finished reading it?” I asked.

	The Hunters nodded. Some even answered, “Yes.” Perhaps it was because I successfully shut the Inquisitor up. For the time being, it looked like none of the Hunters would challenge my authority.

	“The last part is the most important here. ‘If you successfully save the world, it will be registered as the twenty-second floor.’ Do you get what that means?”

	The Hunters looked confused. They didn’t know how amazing that reward was.

	“Our reward depends on which world we save. Let’s say we clear a world where a lot of diamonds are buried! Then it becomes our twenty-second floor.”

	The Hunters’ eyes lit up.

	“The world of diamonds is just an example. We’re in the Tower, so we don’t need some lumps of carbon. But what if the world we save is abundant with food, water, or minerals?”

	“Self-sufficiency…” the Black Witch mumbled. “We really could be self-sufficient.”

	“That’s what I’m talking about.” I stood up and walked toward the pile of apocalyptic books that the Indoor Librarian had selected for us.

	“H-hey, Death King!” the Viper yelled behind me. “If you touch that, the tentacle monster will…”

	I grabbed a book from the pile at random. The Hunters gasped and shut their eyes. Some even ran away, scared that the tentacle monster would show up again. One second… two seconds… three seconds… Nothing happened. The apocalyptic book sat in my hand like any ordinary book.

	“What?” The Viper slowly opened his eye. “Nothing happened…”

	“Haha.” The Indoor Librarian’s laughter floated down to us. “That’s right! Unless I use my ability, these are just ordinary books. Although there are some forbidden books that will endanger you as soon as you touch them, they are sealed very deep in the library, so don’t worry.”

	I nodded. I opened the book in my hand and another system window showed up, displaying information on the book.

	The Story of Sormwin Academy

	Genre: Romance, fantasy

	Difficulty level: D

	Required challengers: 4~5 people

	※Serialization is currently discontinued.

	Description: Sormwin is a prestigious magic academy where friendship, healthy rivalry, love, and jealousy can be found just like any other place. This apocalyptic book could have remained an ordinary academy novel if only an artifact capable of destroying the world hadn’t been sealed in the academy’s basement!

	Reason for discontinuation of serialization: The villainess loses her fiance, the Crown Prince, to a female student who has been given a second chance in life. This drives the villainess mad, so she unseals the artifact, releasing a great demon and bringing destruction to the world.

	The reason for the discontinued serialization, the cause of the world’s damnation, was really sad. It would have been better if the world had been doomed because of a meteor strike or a tsunami.

	I pity the world. It was doomed because of some children’s romantic squabble…

	I could understand why the Indoor Librarian was mad.

	The ice in the crown prince’s eyes cracked like blue jewels as understanding dawned. The long misunderstanding that had divided him and her melted away, though it took two lifetimes.

	“Ahhh. My other half has been here all along. Lady Sylvia, you complete me,” the crown prince lamented as he dropped to his knee.

	Sylvia, on the verge of tears, held her breath. It suddenly dawned on them that they would never be able to forget this moment.

	And then the crown prince exploded.

	Sylvia gasped, but she was the next one to blow up. As her consciousness faded away, the last thing she heard was screams coming from all directions.

	“Ahhhhhhhh!”

	“It’s a demon! A demon is here!”

	“We’re cursed.”

	It was the end of the world.

	If a romance novel I was enjoying suddenly ended like that, I would go crazy. Any readers would. It was annoying in novels, so it would be even worse for a real world to end like that. Well, that wasn’t important right now.

	“Everyone, why don’t you come over here and look through these books?” I yelled at the Hunters. “Each book has a different difficulty level and story. We have to pick carefully! Their difficulty level needs to be within our capabilities, and their worlds should be as useful as possible!”

	Some of the Hunters stood up, but most of them just glanced at each other.

	—Idiot, it’s because you’re speaking politely to them. Do you still not understand that it’s impossible to reason with Hunters? the Guardian said. You currently have to handle two hundred and fifty Hunters. The only chance you have of getting through their heads is bossing them around, and even then your odds aren’t great.

	Are you serious? I asked.

	—You hear [Your presence has become stronger] whenever you level up, right? Do you know what it means? It means [Your ego has become bigger.] High-level Hunters have extremely strong egos, so they just don’t listen.

	He had a point, so I gathered my aura.

	“There are hundreds of apocalyptic books, so how am I supposed to read everything? Get over here and start reading!” I roared.

	The Hunters finally lifted their heavy bums.

	“Split into groups!” I ordered. “Those of you who’ve read some novels or books on the left! If you know nothing about them, move to the right! Go, go!”

	The Hunters quickly divided themselves as ordered.

	“You hobby readers split into groups depending on your preferred genre! Like romance, fantasy, and mystery!”

	They began to mill about. It finally looked like some work was going to be done in the library.

	“We’ll all read books now!” I tapped on the apocalyptic book I was holding. “First, we’ll divide these books depending on their genres. The romance group will read romance novels. The rest of the groups will also read your designated genres! Read these books and decide if they’re good or bad.”

	The Inquisitor waved his arm wildly, but didn’t say anything like I had told him to.

	“…Yes, go ahead.”

	“Mr. Death King! I don’t get what novels are bad! Can you give me a standard? Is it how good or bad the story is?”

	“No, not at all.” I showed him an apocalyptic book. “This is an example of a bad novel.”

	Survive from a Volcano!

	Genre: Survival, romance

	Difficulty Level: D

	Required challengers: 2 people

	※Serialization is currently discontinued.

	Description: The world is devastated by a nuclear war, but the humans have amazing resilience! The protagonist and his lover survive the nuclear war and overcome various trials and tribulations. After that, they decide to become humanity’s new Adam and Eve.

	Reason for discontinuation of serialization: The place where the protagonist couple camps is near an active volcano. The volcano erupts at night and its volcanic ejecta strike and kill the protagonists. Humanity ended.

	After a long sigh, I said, “This isn’t just bad. This is the worst kind of book we could pick.”

	“Why?” The Inquisitor tilted his head in confusion. “It’s the new Adam and Eve. Isn’t it romantic?”

	“There’s no use saving this world since a nuclear war already took place.” I closed the book. “The world is filled with radiation, so what use do we have with it? We don’t want to die from radiation poisoning.”

	“Aha.”

	The way the Fire Emperor had cleared this library floor was unbelievable. He had only chosen the worlds with lava or volcanoes.

	He’s nuts, I thought.

	He had immunity to fire. Even if the apocalyptic books had outrageous hazards like lava lakes and multiple volcanic eruptions, they were a walk in the park for the Fire Emperor. His only standard had been how easy it was to get to the ending. He had given absolutely zero consideration to which apocalyptic books would benefit those in the Tower.

	This is a chance to have eight treasure vaults.

	This was why a guy who was full of himself was no help to other people living in the Tower.

	I’ll pick only the apocalyptic books that we can make the most out of.

	An apocalyptic book full of monsters would be good for Hunters to gain actual combat experience. It would also be good if we could get rare minerals, weapons, or equipment from them. The apocalyptic book of fried chickens and porks[1] running through the forests and fried shrimp dancing in the ocean… No, that last one didn’t seem like a good idea. It would be scary if there was such a world.

	Anyhow! I distributed books to the Hunters.

	“Remember! The protagonists might be incredibly frustrating, and the plots may not make any sense at all. How crappy the storylines are doesn’t matter to us! Don’t think about that! Just read them from beginning to end! Think about how this world can benefit us all…” While I was passing out books, I met one Hunter’s eyes and paused. “…Black Dragon Master?”

	“Yes, what is it?” the Black Witch answered.

	I slowly opened my mouth.

	“…This is the mystery group.”

	I couldn’t see why the Black Witch was standing with the mystery group. Her character window had shown me earlier that she was a romance fan.

	The Black Witch nodded as if she was right where belonged. “I know where I’m sitting,” she said.

	“Uhh… I didn’t know you like mystery novels.”

	“Of course. I’m an intellectual.” The Black Witch elegantly sipped her black coffee.

	What the heck? Why was she suddenly acting like this? It was obvious that she was absolutely crazy for romance dramas.

	I suddenly realized something.

	Wait, is it because she doesn’t want others to know she’s a romance fan…?

	Come to think of it, there were particularly few Hunters in the romance group. Not a single man was there either. Although I wasn’t sure why, the murim group was full of men even though I could say with confidence that only a handful of them were truly murim readers.

	Wow, they’re pretending to be someone they’re not at a time like this?

	My head went blank.

	—I told you, the Guardian said sulkily. High-level Hunters will die to protect their pride. And all of them have titles. They would rather die than lose their swagger. Didn’t you just see fifty Hunters forming a suicide squad? They’re nuts.

	I was going to go nuts.

	“Black Master… Still…”

	“What do you mean?” the Black Witch nonchalantly asked. She resembled an impregnable fortress, somehow.

	I desperately tried to figure out what to say.

	“…I thought you were a very romantic person, so it surprised me that you chose the mystery group…”

	The hand holding the coffee cup stopped moving.

	“Is that so?” she asked, her voice even. “Do I look like a romantic person?”

	“Yes, so it’s rather weird if you’re somewhere other than the romance group… It’s like you’re wearing clothes that don’t suit you…”

	“Phew.” The Black Witch put down her coffee cup and stood up. “I’ll give it a shot if you say so. I’ve never read romance novels in my life, but I’ll use this chance to explore new things. After all, a Hunter should always seek new challenges.”

	“That’s very true…”

	“Okay, I’ll try.” The Black Witch headed to the romance group with lighter steps, like a cowboy from a movie walking toward the moors.

	I stared at her back with mixed emotions.

	“That was amazing, Mr. Death King!” The Inquisitor looked up at me with sparkling eyes. He was also in the mystery group for some reason. “Once the Black Dragon Master sets her mind on something, she rarely changes her mind. Haha, you’re truly incredible, rookie!”

	“…Mr. Inquisitor, do you read mystery novels too?”

	The Inquisitor smiled like an angel. “I know Sherlock Holmes! Oh, I know Doctor Watson too.”

	Show me the character window, I quietly said.

	Name: Inquisitor

	Affection: 50

	Liked genres: Fairy tales, myths, legends

	Disliked genre: None

	Liked character: Humans

	Dislike character: None

	Liked plot point: The greatest happiness of the greatest number

	Disliked plot point: None

	State of mind: I know Sherlock Holmes! Oh, I know Doctor Watson too.

	I had goosebumps. What the heck? He’s the same on the inside and outside.

	On top of that, he had no dislikes.

	Is he really human?

	It was utterly horrific. He was a natural-born psychopath.

	“Hmm? What’s wrong, Mr. Death King?” The natural psycho tilted his head in confusion.

	I briefly pondered how I should deal with this before I pulled out a marker and wrote “Fairy tale” on the back of the Inquisitor’s hand.

	“Mr. Inquisitor,” I said with a serious expression.

	“Yes!”

	“You’re now in the fairy tale group.”

	“I see!”

	“You’re the only one in this group, so you have to read and evaluate all the books assigned to this group.”

	“Wow! That’s a lot of responsibility!” the psycho exclaimed with a sparkle in his eyes.

	I nodded. “Yes, it is a lot, so I’ll trust you with it.”

	“Hahaha. Don’t worry, Mr. Death King. I’ll do my best to evaluate them!”

	There wouldn’t be a single fairy tale among the hundreds of apocalyptic books though.

	I searched from top to bottom to see if any Hunter was pretending to be someone they weren’t. The results were amazing. One hundred of the two hundred fifty Hunters were lying about their reading preferences.

	All of them are crazy…

	In the end, it took three hours just to settle groups and send 112 people to the right places. However, even after that… I was at a loss for words when I found the last person.

	Name: Viper

	Affection: 32

	Liked genres: Portal fantasy

	Disliked genres: Political fiction, crime fiction

	Liked characters: Older women, sisters, married women, innocent characters, tsunderes, pretty boys disguised as women…

	Dislike characters: Mafias, gangsters, tanned mafia, and gangsters with blonde hair

	Liked plot point: Overpowerness, protagonists wreaking havoc, system cheats, take on the world alone, harem, I guess there is no other choice but for me to step up, I’m a hero summoned from another world but it turns out I’m an overpowered character inherited the pure blood of the strongest dragon and demon empress so I’ll show how to take on the world on my own, is there a problem…

	Disliked plot point: NTR

	State of mind: What the fuck is Nine Sects? Seriously, what is wrong with murim? The Beggar Gang, the Secure Agency… There’s sweaty men in every line. Shit. These novels aren’t considerate of their readers at all.

	The man with an eyepatch, was the swordsman leading the OJP Sect and… also the king of light novels.

	“Huh?” The Viper looked at me over his shoulder. “What are you looking at? I’m busy reading books.”

	I tried to find something to say but eventually just gave up.

	“Nothing… sorry I interrupted you. Please keep reading…”

	“Alright.”

	I staggered away. On the twenty-first floor, it became clear that all High Rankers were crazy—and now it was my problem.

Chapter 58

Bibliomania (3)

	I asked the Hunters to find good apocalyptic books.

	“Do you understand?” I said as I went around their groups. “The books shouldn’t be too easy or too hard. It has to be somewhere in the middle and give the right rewards.”

	Two hundred fifty Hunters followed my lead and began to read the apocalyptic books. Since each of them was the history of an entire world, they were all long. All of the Hunters were dedicated to their reading, but they were still far from being finished.

	However, the Inquisitor was an exception because he had no book to read. “Fairy tale” was still written on the back of the natural psycho’s hand.

	“Death King, something is strange.” The natural-born psycho raised his hand.

	“What is?”

	“I haven’t received any apocalyptic books. Are fairy tales not a popular genre?”

	“It can’t be. There are many people who haven’t read fantasy or romance, but everyone knows fairy tales. It’s one of the most popular genres,” I answered.

	“You’re right. Hmm. But why haven’t I received any books…?” The psycho tilted his head.

	Because no fairy tale would end with the destruction of the world, you psychopath.

	I almost said that out loud, but I held myself back. “I’m not sure,” I told him, pretending I didn’t know anything. “Why don’t you wait a little longer? There are a ton of books, so at least one fairy tale is bound to be lying around somewhere.”

	“Yes, that’s true. I must have gotten a little impatient. I’ll wait quietly!” The psycho bounced away and sat himself in the corner.

	I, the Black Witch, and all of the other Hunters knew that the Inquisitor wasn’t going to get a fairy tale book ever.

	“Hey, preacher.”

	I stood corrected. It looked like the king of light novels didn’t know.

	“Yes, Mr. Viper?”

	“This one looks like a fairy tale. I got it from the pile of murim novels.”

	“I see! Thank you!” The Inquisitor took the book from the Viper with a bright smile on his face that had the holiness of an angel and a saint.

	It was a little scary.

	“Then I’ll get to reading, Mr. Death King! Hehe. I wonder what kind of apocalyptic book it is!”

	“Ah, yes… Um. Can I ask what the title is?” I asked the Inquisitor.

	“It’s Our Victim!”

	The title was also a bit scary.

	Eventually, every group had their books to examine and resumed reading.

	After who knew how long, it was time to eat.

	“Urghhhh.”

	“I f-feel like my eyes are going to burst.”

	The Hunters groaned. They were so tired that they ate the sandwiches and drank the black tea from the bookmark maids without remark.

	“Death King…” The Black Witch, in the romance group, was just as bad; she looked much more tired than the last time I had seen her. “I can understand the Constellation.”

	“What do you mean?”

	“All of these stories stopped right at their climax. Meteors suddenly fall when the female lead confesses her love to the male lead; the moment the lead couple is about to hold hands and kiss, aliens suddenly launch their invasion. They’re all disasters! No, I can accept the meteors, but why would an alien invasion suddenly start in an imperial palace?

	“And it’s supposed to be a romantic comedy! Besides, the cruelest part is that the books are really good until they get cut off. The lead characters are charming, the storylines are so interesting… Only the endings are trash! It’s like I’m enjoying a perfect, full-course meal, and I got my main dish, which is a cutlet. I cut that open, and the inside is—”

	“You don’t have to tell me what’s in it. Can’t you see that I’m eating a pork cutlet sandwich?”

	“Oh, I’m sorry, Death King. It was inconsiderate of me to say that while you’re eating… No, I have to tell you! So it feels like the inside of the cutlet—”

	“It’s all broadcast live, Black Dragon Master. Live broadcast!”

	The Black Witch flinched in realization and closed her mouth. Ever since I saw her so desperately wishing to pop the zombie cyclops’s eye, I got the impression that she tended to get worked up at strange moments.

	Anyhow, I took a bite of my pork cutlet sandwich, relieved.

	After looking around for a moment, she whispered, “The inside of the cutlet is…”

	How would the crowd watching from the plaza react? Would they be holding their breath as the Black Witch whispered into my ear? Her whispering actually took my breath away. I didn’t want to look at another pork cutlet sandwich for at least a month.

	Oh, god. Please save me…

	[Shiny tries her best to save you.]

	I would prefer a goddess who couldn’t even save her own world to stay put… And yes, the god of this great library didn’t save me either. Instead, the Indoor Librarian floated about us, grinning.

	“It looks like you finally understand my pain.”

	The Indoor Librarian looked like a child, but his grin was nothing like one. It was the empty smile of a gourmet who lost his sense of taste after enduring life’s carrots and sticks.

	“I have nothing to hide. The 683 apocalyptic books I allowed you to read are some of the most evil ones in my great library, and they will take a great toll on you all.”

	“Books are evil?”

	“Yes, they’re so fun and exciting, leaving the readers no choice but to love them.” The Indoor Librarian’s laughter was dreary. “But that’s it! Despite how fun they are, you’ll never be happy. No, that’s exactly what makes them so miserable! All of these evil books met crappy endings!”

	The Black Witch swallowed. “Did you pick these on purpose? So we’ll suffer just like you…?”

	“You can think of it like that.”

	“That’s the only way I can think of this situation right now…”

	“You should fall into the hell of discontinued serialization too. Suffer eternally like I do! Go on! Suffer!” The Indoor Librarian burst into laughter.

	I saw some of the Hunters shiver in fear.

	“Is he a demon?”

	“He’s crazy. He purposefully made us read masterpieces that stopped serialization.”

	“He’s going to hell…!”

	I later found out that those Hunters enjoyed reading as a hobby. Although I didn’t really get it, those who loved books seemed to find the Indoor Librarian’s remarks horrifying.

	“Ah, M-Mr. Hunter.”

	That voice was familiar. I turned around to discover a Hunter from the fantasy group waving her hand at me. I briefly wondered who she was, but soon, I was able to match her face with a name.

	“Oh, it’s you. Did you also receive a title?” I asked.

	She was the Hunter who was going to be the Master Alchemist in the future—the chemist, who had supplied me with elixirs.

	“O-one thing led to another, but my title is Chemist. It’s pretty boring… Hehehe.” The chemist who was now The Chemist laughed awkwardly.

	I was a little surprised. The Master Alchemist already got her title?

	Yes, she had high potential, but she had been stuck in the slums until recently. A title was given to those who achieved something recognized by the Tower, so it was quite early for her to make an achievement like that. I had only gotten my title after arming myself with overpowered Skills and repeating an endless cycle of madness. I guessed that those with potential made greater progress in the early stages of their lives.

	“You’re amazing. How did you get a title so quickly? I knew my judgment wasn’t wrong. It was obvious that you were going to make that someday. My investment was worth it.” I laughed, feeling pleasantly surprised.

	“N-no! It’s not amazing at all!” The Chemist waved her thin right hand. “I mean it. I’m not trying to be humble… I literally did nothing, but I got a title.”

	“Huh?”

	“I-I don’t understand what happened either. Several days ago, I suddenly heard the message, ‘The items you made have contributed to the salvation of the world’, and I got a title. Ahhhhh. I’m sorry. It’s really random, isn’t it…?”

	The Chemist looked confused by her own story, but I was not. I instantly understood what had actually happened.

	Oh, it’s because of the elixirs she made for me!

	When I had been battling the Demon King of Autumn Rain, the Chemist’s elixirs had been super helpful. Thanks to her elixirs maximizing my senses, I could observe the Demon King’s attacks in slow motion.

	What? Did… I give her a boost? I wondered.

	I didn’t mean it, but that happened.

	Although that was unclear if she knew that or not, the Chemist squirmed her fingers. “You a-are the remarkable one, Mr. Hunter! Oh, yeah. I should call you Mr. Death King… Anyway, you’re truly the amazing one. Several days ago, you were outside the ranking, but you instantly became the Rank 3 Hunter! I’m very, very, very honored to know you in person! I really wanted to say this!”

	“Come on. I was also just lucky…” I awkwardly scratched the back of my head.

	The Chemist laughed brightly and held her clasped hands behind her back. “Please tell me if you need anything, Mr. Death King! I’ll help you in any way I can!”

	What? Is she an angel? I wondered.

	—Zombie, would you please raise the standard of an angel a little higher? The Guardian buried his face in his hands.

	Mr. Sword Emperor. I just believe in people. I can’t stop no matter how many times I’m betrayed. It’s not my fault that I have such a big heart.

	—Your bullshit is extra hot today. Do you know what that makes it? Still bullshit.[1]

	I pretended I hadn’t heard the last part.

	* * *

	It had been four days since the Hunters and I had begun to read when all of the Hunters declared that they were finished reading their share of the books. We had successfully read all of the apocalyptic books.

	“The romance group will recommend these four novels.”

	“The SF group has these two as recommendations.”

	“The mystery group…”

	Each group presented a list of recommendations that had well-balanced difficulty levels and rewards.

	“My fairy tale group will recommend this! It’s the only book my group has though!”

	Our Victim

	Genre: Fairy tale

	Difficulty level: A

	Required challengers: More than 2 people

	※Serialization is currently discontinued.

	Description: In this world, humanity has successfully created a utopia, but maintaining it requires a special power source—the painful screams of innocent, sinless children.

	Although it is unfortunate, one innocent child can guarantee seventeen million people’s perfect happiness, so it’s obvious that the child endures such suffering. Thanks to highly developed torture techniques and life-sustaining care, it’s possible to delicately extract one child’s screams for five years. Efficiency, baby!

	Reason for discontinuation of serialization: It has been 118,000 years since the foundation of their utopia. All of the innocent children have been consumed. The utopia has run out of innocent children and has stopped functioning.

	Hmm, I should drop by this apocalyptic book regardless of the difficulty level and rewards, I thought.

	However, there was another apocalyptic book that caught my eye more.

	“The murim group strongly recommends this novel,” the Sword Star said, speaking as the leader of the murim group. Unlike someone who looked like a murim reader but was actually the king of light novels, the Sword Star actually had extensive knowledge about murim. He opened an apocalyptic book. “It’s this one.”

	Heavenly Demon Chronicle

	Genres: Murim, fusion fantasy

	Difficulty level: B

	Required challengers: 2~4 people

	※Serialization is currently discontinued.

	Description: This is a world where people admire, practice, and master martial arts! The Heavenly Demon shows up and tries to unify murim, leading the Heavenly Demon Cult. The other factions rise against him and fight for the world’s future… Well, they would have done that if it hadn’t been for a super plague.

	Reason for discontinuation of serialization: A mysterious plague breaks out, killing the Heavenly Demon and wiping out the Heavenly Demon Cult and the other factions. The end.

	“The reason why we recommend the Heavenly Demon Chronicle is simple,” the Sword Star said. “This world has a character named ‘Heavenly Demon’. That title is usually given to a martial artist who gathered every manual in gangho. That is how a giant manual library was built in the Heavenly Demon Cult’s base.”

	The Hunters who weren’t in the murim group loudly asked, “What manual? Gangho? What is that?”

	The Sword Star looked a little embarrassed and had to stop using the murim terminology and switch to more colloquial words.

	“It’s safe to say that these martial arts manuals are like books that explain how Skills work. Once we save this world, we’ll get a library stocked with the best Skills we could ask for. It’s the chance for us to become stronger.”

	The Hunters’ eyes shone.

	“Martial arts manuals…”

	“So we’re getting new Skills?”

	“Well, a chance to learn new Skills is really rare…”

	“This is a chance to learn the principles of gangho!”

	The priority right now was for them to become stronger, so the recommendation was received well, especially by those who valued individual strength like the Sword Star.

	That’s a good one, I agreed, stroking my chin. Murim will have martial arts masters who can actually fly. If those masters kill me… Wow. Won’t I get at least one Class A Skill?

	—Zombie, do you really have to live up to your nickname every time? Why are you always looking for a way to weasel through things?

	There is a world I want to challenge, but it’s difficult to do that at my level right now.

	The Sword Emperor went quiet, but someone else began to talk.

	[Shiny reports she has detected the presence.]

	The sword on my waist suddenly shook.

	Presence? What Presence?

	[Shiny says her sister is very close.]

	Your sister?

	The Constellation, Goddess of Protection, had been divided and sealed away in the five swords. Shiny was one of them. Shiny had told me that she didn’t know where the rest of the swords were, but she could sense her sister nearby now.

	Where? Where can you sense her? I looked around.

	The bookcases of the Great Library of All Life stretched beyond the horizon. Each of them was huge. When I looked up, it felt like they were as high as the Tower. I could see nothing except books.

	[Shiny recommends you to look in front of you, not elsewhere.]

	In front of me? The Sword Star is the only one… Wait.

	Each apocalyptic book held a world.

	Is she inside there?

	The holy sword vibrated.

	[Shiny affirms your statement.]

	[Shiny says that she can feel the presence of her sister from the book the Sword Star is holding!]

	Our next destination was decided.

* * *

	1. The raw is 오늘따라 개소리가 뜨겁구나. 영어로 말하자면 핫도그 사운드다.(Literal: Your dog sound is extra hot today. In English, it’s a hotdog sound. ☜

Chapter 59

The Expedition Team Without Hopes And Dreams (1)

	I washed my face in the sink in the bathroom at the great library. “Okay. Before I head to murim… I’ll die first.”

	As there was no other human in the bathroom, it remained silent. However, there was a ghost and a sword, and they both responded.

	—What part of that is supposed to be okay?

	[Shiny does not understand your statement.]

	The Guardian blinked, and the holy sword flickered.

	“I’m talking about Lefanta Aegim. The first emperor of the Aegim Empire, and the guy who turned the Goddess of Protection into Shiny.”

	[Shiny points out that the one who named her Shiny is you…]

	“I don’t know who he is, but he can travel across worlds.”

	I donned my suit jacket. The Black Witch had this tailor-made for me. My reflection in the mirror looked like a brand-new employee who had just finished getting ready to head to work. It was somehow reassuring.

	“Think about it. Shiny was in the Aegim Empire, but one of the sister swords is in murim, which is a different world. That means Lefanta Aegim has the ability to travel from world to world.”

	—Oh.

	“He’s probably like an overpowered protagonist.” I felt the grip of the holy sword hung from my waist. “He’s capable of building an empire, sealing a Constellation after splitting her apart, and traveling to a different world. It would be stupid to blindly jump into murim looking for another sword.”

	I needed to be more cautious.

	“I’m not invincible,” I muttered.

	Yes, recently I was… feeling wary of myself. I was worried that my confidence would mutate into arrogance if I let my guard down just a little bit.

	“I’m now the Rank 3 Hunter, I beat up the Demon King mostly on my own, and everyone in the city talks about me. On top of that, I’m even ordering around Hunters who have titles.”

	—So what? the Guardian asked.

	“I feel like I’m going to let my guard down at some point.”

	The Tower had one hundred floors, and I was only on the twenty-first floor. It was too early to feel secure about my success.

	That was how I hunted the Fire Emperor, I thought.

	The reason why the Fire Emperor, Yoo Soo-Ha, had let his guard down was his Returner's Clockwork. With that Skill, he wasn’t going to stay dead even if he was killed. It was the ultimate cheat Skill that seemed to have no way of countering—but how was he now?

	He’s dead. After his death, he even had to go for a round of hopak in front of the army of an entire world. He’s the perfect example of why a Hunter should never let their guard down, regardless of their strength.

	—I think it’s just an example of how evil you are, Zombie… the Guardian grumbled.

	“Anyhow, I’m not going to jump into the Heavenly Demon Chronicle before coming up with a solution. I should at least find out what Lefanta Aegim is like since I know nothing about him.”

	It was said that an ounce of prevention was better than a pound of cure. I wanted to get as much information as I could before entering the next stage. Why was another holy sword in murim, not the Aegim Empire? Why had an overpowered figure named Lefanta Aegim split up and scattered the pieces of the Goddess of Protection?

	—Well, it’s better to be safe than sorry. The Guardian tilted his head. But how exactly are you going to prepare? Like you said, you know nothing about this Lefanta guy and have no way to find out.

	“It’s true that I know nothing, but…” I tapped on my holy sword. “…you’re wrong that I don’t have a way.”

	—What?

	“This sword is technically the Goddess of Protection. There are five of them in total, but this holy sword is still a Constellation.” I grinned. “Now here’s the question: if I stab myself with this sword, is that suicide or a murder committed by a Constellation?”

	—Huh? Huhhhh? The Guardian’s eyes widened in surprise.

	“It’s either one of them. I’m not sure which one it’ll be… Let’s say it’s fifty-fifty—it’s worth testing out.”

	As I unsheathed the holy sword, I heard a voice urgently call out to me.

	[Shiny sincerely asks you to reconsider your choice.]

	“Why?” I asked.

	[Shiny says it’s embarrassing to show her past to someone else.]

	[Shiny strongly requests you protect her privacy.]

	I smirked. “Come on. What do you mean by privacy? I show you everything about my life twenty-four seven. Let’s be fair.”

	[Shiny pleads you to not—]

	The holy sword pierced me. The next moment, I realized that I’d won my gamble…

	[You have died.]

	[It has been determined that your death met the requirement for the Skill’s activation.]

	[Unable to duplicate the Skills of Constellation: Goddess of Protection because they are sealed.]

	It was a little sad that I couldn’t copy her Skill, but that wasn’t what I was after right now.

	[Your Hunter Class is D.]

	[Initiating your Skill penalty.]

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	[The penalty’s intensity level is intermediate.]

	[The penalty’s theme is Preta Realm.]

	The moment I had wished to see started playing in front of me.

	“Your long journey is finally over,” I heard a beautiful voice say. “I knew you would be able to do it, hero.”

	I had never seen the woman before, but for some reason, I immediately realized who she was: the Goddess of Protection. This was before she got sealed in the five swords. Right now, she was a Constellation with her full power.

	“Yeah,” The man she called a hero answered.

	Is he Lefanta Aegim?

	Lefanta Aegim, an elegant-looking man with silver hair and the first emperor of the Aegim Empire, was sitting on an undecorated throne, looking deeply fatigued.

	“I feel like it was only yesterday that I was panicking after getting summoned to this world out of the blue. You truly never know how life is going to turn out.”

	“Haha. I feel the same. You really were a civilian who knew nothing, but you’re now stronger than me. Most divine spirits won’t par—”

	—Huh? I’ve seen that bastard before, the Guardian interjected. He peered at the reconstructed trauma with me.

	What?

	—I’m talking about that silver-haired guy. He’s the Constellation Murderer. I’m sure of it, the Guardian said, obviously perplexed.

	I was completely blindsided by the fact that the Guardian and Lefanta Aegim had met before.

	What’s the Constellation Murderer?

	—It’s his title. He got it because he’s a crazy motherfucker who did nothing but hunt down Constellations and beat them up.

	Beat up Constellations?

	—You’ve seen that the Tower is connected to different worlds. Once you reach the fiftieth floor, you have to compete with Hunters from different worlds.

	Huh? Is that so?

	—Yeah, and that Constellation Murderer never leaves the fiftieth floor, the Guardian said. The Tower is there so Hunter can climb, but he’s always on the fiftieth floor. When Constellations occasionally drop by, he immediately beats the life out of them. He probably killed hundreds of Constellations.

	…Then Lefanta Aegim is also a Hunter?

	—Yeah. I wondered where that psycho was born. Wow, I didn’t know he was from Aegim, the Guardian mumbled. I didn’t think I would meet someone from my past here.

	Uhh… How do you two know each other…?

	—What do you mean, how? We went at it. He’s strong, but he can’t compete with me.

	Even as we talked, the trauma continued to play.

	“What are you planning to do from now on, hero? There are no divine or demonic spirits. Your long journey is now—”

	“Constellations.”

	“Excuse me?”

	“They aren’t divine or demonic spirits. They’re Constellations.” Lefanta Aegim stood up from the throne. “And the worlds belong to humans, not Constellations.”

	He turned back to the goddess, his dark red aura firing up.

	“…Hero? Why are you suddenly using your aura…?”

	The first emperor of the Aegim Empire stopped to ponder something, but despite his profound weariness, it didn’t take very long.

	“I won’t kill you since you’ve been helping me until now.”

	A wave of his red aura struck the goddess.

	“I’m going to split your existence and seal you; then you’ll never be able to regain your power. When Constellations are gone…”

	The last bit of his words was muffled by the goddess’s piercing scream. Her very existence was being torn apart.

	“I’m sorry,” Lefanta Aegim said, “but this is the right way.”

	The goddess’s scream was the last thing I heard before the world of trauma cut away.

	[The trauma recreation has been completed.]

	[It has been confirmed that the ego of the subject under the Skill penalty is intact.]

	[Ending the Skill penalty.]

	After returning a day, I cooped myself up in the bathroom again.

	“…Who is this guy?” I mumbled. “I thought I would get an idea of who he is if I saw the past using the trauma penalty… but I still have no idea. Hey, Shiny, why did your old master seal you?”

	[Shiny answers that she doesn’t know why either.]

	Shiny shone with a wan light. Maybe that was just me, but the light looked unusually weak today.

	[Shiny weakly says that she remembers Lefanta Aegim to be a righteous hero, although he was very quiet.]

	[Shiny has no idea why he sealed her and left the empire he built with his own hands.]

	The mystery only deepened.

	—I told you. The higher level Hunters are, the crazier they are. The Guardian shrugged. Don’t try to understand the Constellation Murderer and those nutheads. If you look into the abyss, the abyss looks into you. Just become strong like me and beat up all of the guys you don’t like. Then it’s all over!

	I sighed. “Well, at least I learned what he looks like.”

	And one more fact became certain: Lefanta Aegim, the Constellation Murderer, would antagonize me as soon as he laid an eye on me because I had a piece of the Goddess of Protection, whom he had sealed.

	I looked into the mirror, frowning. “If I’m going to meet him on the fiftieth floor one way or another, I want to be prepared…”

	—Wake up. You’re nowhere close to his level! He may be weaker than me, but he’s still one of the strongest Hunters in the Tower. And if you have time to worry about the fiftieth floor, get to the fiftieth floor, you weakling!

	He wasn’t wrong, so I spent today like I had done before. The next day, the Hunters finished reading the apocalyptic books and chose a book to be their twenty-second floor. Since it was the recommendation of none other than the Sword Star, the Heavenly Demon Chronicle was chosen with minimal opposition.

	“You chose a murim novel as your first novel, huh?” When he saw our choice, the Indoor Librarian smiled mysteriously. “That’s not a bad choice! It won’t be completely the same as the murim you know, but it has its own martial arts and gangho. Depending on how you all lead the storyline, you may receive a hidden gem that’s worth a ton of gold, such as an ability of murim that’s similar to a Skill, to use your terminology.”

	The Hunters got excited.

	The Indoor Librarian immediately threw a wet blanket on the mood.

	“But everything is a high risk high return! The enemy characters are also strong. I’m sure this is obvious, but if you perish in an apocalyptic book, you die in real life. Of course, you can’t escape from an apocalyptic book until you see a proper ending!”

	The Hunters went quiet, unsurprisingly. Unless one had an unusual Skill like mine, death had the power to shut people up.

	“The number of required challengers is two to four people. Now! Who wants to be the characters of this apocalyptic book?” the Indoor Librarian inquired.

	The Hunters’ eyes fell naturally on the High rankers, especially me. The reason was simple: I had been ordering them for the past few days as if I were their leader. Well, with great power comes great responsibility, and I had no intention of running away from them.

	“I’ll do it.”

	My quick answer brought proud smiles to the guild leaders’ faces, as if they knew I was going to say it. However, most of the Hunters looked at me with surprise.

	“I’ll come too,” the Sword Star said after me. “I’m the one who recommended the apocalyptic book, so I can’t sit it out.”

	He looked serious, but the corners of his mouth were slightly curled. I could see that he was itching to fight. He was probably happy that he, an avid murim reader, got to enter the real murim.

	“Good. The minimum number has been met!” The Indoor Librarian laughed gently. “Two more people can become characters of this apocalyptic book… What is your choice?”

	“Speaking of which, there is one more reason I recommended this book,” the Sword Star announced. “I would like everyone to take a look at the reason why serialization was discontinued.”

	Heavenly Demon Chronicle

	Genres: Murim, fusion fantasy

	Difficulty level: B

	Required challengers: 2~4 people

	※Serialization is currently discontinued.

	Description: This is the world where people admire, practice, and master martial arts! The Heavenly Demon shows up and tries to unify murim, leading the Heavenly Demon Cult. The other factions rise against him and fight for the world’s future… Well, they would have done that if that hadn’t been for a super plague.

	Reason for discontinuation of serialization: A mysterious plague breaks out, killing the Heavenly Demon and wiping out the Heavenly Demon Cult and the other factions. The end.

	Even looking at it again, the reason was still outrageous. It didn’t specifically state what kind of plague that was either, it was just “It wipes out the Heavenly Demon Cult and the other factions”. No one knew what exactly happened.

	I’ll find out when I enter this world.

	In any case, it was clear that murim was going to meet its doom because of this mysterious plague.

	“As you all saw, a plague brought the world to extinction. We need not only strong Hunters but also those who are knowledgeable about diseases. And I know the best.” The Sword Star nodded and then called a person from the murim group with a smile. “Would you step forward, Medicine King?”

	An absolute geezer of a man walked out, his hands clasped behind his back.

	—Oh, I know him! The Guardian shouted.

	Why? Who is it?

	—You remember the shop I tried to bring you to at first? the Guardian reminded me. That guy owns the shop that Gramps Marcus frequents.

	Aha, I see.

	—He’s good at making medicine, yeah, but… The Guardian trailed off.

	No one would know the reason better than I did.

	“Don’t worry. I’ll do most of the fighting. If I’m not enough, the Death King will help, and the Medicine King can focus on solving the plague. The three of us can… Death King, is there something you want to say?” The Sword Star looked at me with a confused look.

	“Ah, yes. There is one person I would like to join me.” I put my hand down and then pointed at the Chemist.

	The Chemist opened and closed her mouth a couple of times, unsure as to why she was being called out out of the blue before she managed to say, “Y-yes? Are you talking about me…?”

	I nodded. “Yes, I’m talking about you.”

	The Chemist trembled as if she’d been struck by a bolt of lightning. “M-Mr. Death King… it’s been less than a week since I received a title. I’m r-really weak! I’ll be no use! So why…?”

	“You’re the most proficient pharmacist and doctor I know, Miss Chemist.”

	“Pardon? What…?”

	“And you told me earlier, didn’t you, Miss Chemist?”

	“Please tell me if you need anything, Mr. Death King! I’ll help you in any way I can!”

	I gently smiled. “Unless you didn’t mean it, I’m sure you’re going to help me. “

	The Chemist gave me a look of utter despair as if she was looking at a demon, but I wasn’t sure why. I was the reason she had her title. If she received a boost, she had to pay the price.

Chapter 60

The Expedition Team Without Hopes And Dreams (2)

	“Huh? What? Then we have all four challengers?”

	“But who is she?”

	“You can say that again. I know the Medicine King, but…”

	“It’s the young lady I met before,” the Sword Star remarked. He seemed troubled.

	The Chemist gasped and hid behind me. Despite her timidity, she had stopped the Sword Star together with the Paladin when he had mistaken me for the murderer of the century. Back then, the Sword Star had been downright menacing, so facing him again must have reminded her of that.

	The Sword Star recalled that incident as well and awkwardly cleared his throat. “There is no need to be scared. The Death King and I have talked it out.”

	“I-is that so…?” The Chemist peeked out from behind my back.

	“That’s right. But… still.” The Sword Star turned and gave me a troubled look. “Death King, the place we’re headed to is very dangerous. And the Constellation said that dying in the apocalyptic book means death in real life. Are you sure about bringing that young lady to such a dangerous place?”

	I nodded immediately. “Yes, she’s the best chemist I know.”

	I was pretty sure that she was also objectively the best chemist out there.

	The Guardian groaned, a reluctant acknowledgment of the Chemist’s talent. She had used the same ingredients in the same amounts as the shop the Guardian was originally going to introduce, but she had made fifteen times more elixirs than what I would have gotten from the shop owned by this Medicine King guy or whatever his name was. Her elixirs were also more effective.

	—He’s good… but not best. There is her now…

	Yes, he’s not.

	“The best chemist you know…” The Sword Star’s expression changed subtly.

	I pulled up the character window to see what he was thinking.

	State of mind: Hmm. It’s a recommendation from an extraordinary young man, so she’s bound to be extraordinary. But there is always a bigger fish… As rare as it is, the Sword Emperor is right this time. The biggest fish in the pond will eventually learn that it’s smaller than the smallest fish from the river. This is a chance to build a relationship between the two youngsters and Medicine King.

	Wow, I thought.

	He didn’t say that out loud because of the connection we had been building and the vow he had made to me. And I was aware that he meant well… but it looked like his geezer spirit hadn’t gone anywhere. The other Guardian accompanying the Sword Star seemed to be belittling the Chemist based on her looks, just like my Guardian had done.

	Still, there was a man who had no goodwill and wasn’t willing to hide his geezer spirit—the one they called the Medicine King.

	“Ha! The best chemist he knows! This is the problem with young people! They climb a rock but they stick their noses into the air as if it were a mountain. I hate it. I feel like I’m looking at myself when I was young. Tsk, tsk.”

	Oh.

	“Medicine King, please be understanding,” the Sword Star gently plied. “The Death King is an outstanding man, but his experience is a little—”

	“Experience! That is most important! But they don’t know that and pretend to know the world. Goodness, I feel embarrassed. It’s just like the time I earned a billion dollars in Silicon Valley. They’re all rotten on the inside and only they don’t know it.”

	“Why don’t you keep your temper down…?”

	“I’ve been doing that until now, Marcus. You’re the reason why I let the boy boss us around. And now he’s telling us that he’s going to bring along this scrawny girl from nowhere. It’s like those young billionaires in Silicon Valley walking around with their trophies.”

	“Death King isn’t that kind of—”

	“What do you mean he isn’t? Hey, you!” The Medicine King thrust his finger at me. “Look me in the eyes and tell me! Are you sure you’re not that kind of person?”

	This was amazing… There was someone out there who could give the Sword Star a hard time. It seemed that in the food chain of geezers, geezers were preyed upon by worse geezer. The new discovery of the ecosystem’s wonder kept my mouth agape, which left someone else to stand up to the geezer.

	“I-I don’t mind you calling me that…” the Chemist said, still clutching my sleeve tightly. “…b-but don’t talk about Mr. D-Death King like that! Y-you even called him rotten on the inside… He’s an incredible person!”

	“Haha, look at that, Marcus. She’s acting like she’s covering for her husband. This is the problem with young ones. Tsk, tsk. Well, I also didn’t realize they were youthful follies when I was young…”

	“C-covering for her husband…” The Chemist opened and closed her mouth several times. It seemed that her brain had trouble processing such outrageous nonsense.

	“Stop,” the Paladin interrupted. “The Chemist is indeed skilled. I came to know her through the Death King’s introduction, but the Watchmen League is currently receiving a steady supply of exceptional potions from her.”

	The Medicine King scoffed. “I’m sure they are by the Watchmen League’s standard.”

	“…What?”

	“Let’s be frank. With your current funds, you and your people couldn’t have done so much as visited my shop. You don’t know what the sky is, so you think your ceiling is the highest. But you don’t even know that you’re not even in a room, you’re in a box… Your naivety is just like when I was young. Tsk, tsk…”

	The Paladin bit her lip—the Medicine King had struck a sore spot. The Watchmen League may have been one of the Five Guilds, but it had always suffered from financial difficulties.

	The Medicine King waved his hand as if he was shooing away a bird. “It’s no use talking. Enough. Enough! Continuing this conversation will hurt my mouth and tire your ears.”

	Well, he was right on that point.

	Mr. Sword Emperor, I said.

	—Yeah.

	I’ve put up with enough insults, right?

	—More than enough. Are you trying to get humiliated?

	I glanced around at my surroundings. No, I’m not.

	I had said this to the Black Witch multiple times, but everything in the library was being broadcast live in the Babylon Plaza. In other words, this was the perfect time for both a debut and a retirement.

	“Then do you want to test it?” I asked the Medicine King.

	While the Sword Star seemed to be in an awkward spot, the Medicine King’s veins instantly bulged out of his neck.

	“Ha! Look at him, Marcus,” he screamed. “He can’t defeat me on logic, so he immediately threatens me with a sword. That rotten boy reminds me of the time I became the world’s boxing champion in my forties.”

	“No, I’m not the one going up against you.” I pulled a bunch of medicinal herbs from my pocket. “I’ll provide the ingredients, and each of you can make a potion. When we compare your potions, I’m sure everything will become clear.”

	The Chemist gasped and instinctively hopped backward, startled. “M-Mr. Death King! The way that old— The way he insulted you makes me very angry… but s-still, he’s called Medicine King for a reason. He’s a celebrity that all Hunters know… Compared to him, I’m just someone who got her title less than a week ago…”

	I grabbed her shoulders and she reflexively shrank back.

	“Miss Chemist,” I said.

	“Y-yes!”

	I looked straight through her glasses into her eyes. “I trust you.”

	“…M-Mr. Death King.”

	“So you should believe in yourself too.”

	The Chemist took a deep breath and her lip slowly stopped quivering. She clenched her fists and gave me a firm nod.

	“Okay, Mr. Death King! I’ll do my best. No…” The Chemist shook her head and rephrased her statement. “I’ll win!”

	“Ha.” The Medicine King looked at us like we were fools and clicked his tongue. “Tsk, tsk… There are always those people who have to dip their fingers to know if it’s ketchup or blood. It’s just like when I was three.”

	“You certainly talk a lot. Is that because you aren’t confident?” I laughed quietly.

	“Alright, kid. Prepare yourself to watch that girl cry her eyes out. I don’t know how to go easy on young people.”

	The Medicine King versus the Chemist. The match of the century was about to start.

	* * *

	At the start of the match, the Hunters’ reactions were lukewarm.

	“Mr. Medicine King will win for sure.”

	“His prices are really high, and even people who made reservations have to wait for a month.”

	“Is there really something going on between them? The Death King seems to be going too far this time.”

	“The Death King and Medicine King are both kings, but there’s a difference of years when it comes to experience.”

	That was the general mood.

	Meanwhile, the Countess didn’t miss her chance to earn money and started a bet.

	“Those who believe in the Medicine King’s victory can place your bet here! If you think the Chemist will win, you can place your bets here!”

	I wasn’t sure when she had done it, but two bookmark maids were quietly standing by her side holding collection boxes.

	“Death King, are you sure about this? The odds right now are 1.08 to 47,” the Black Witch whispered to me.

	“Great. Why don’t you get your pocket money and place a bet on Miss Chemist? But don’t make it too big or else the odds will drop too much.”

	“…Death King, you’re the one who said that we’re on air.” The Black Witch gave me a serious look. “Think about it. You recommended her—if the Chemist is crushed in this match…”

	“It’ll be broadcast all over Babylon and the world. No, the internet’s probably going wild already.”

	What comment would I be posting if I were still my old self? Would it be “I want to be the Medicine King”?

	While I was lost in idle thoughts, the Black Witch massaged her aching temples. “Death King, it’ll damage your reputation… Are you sure about this?”

	“I feel bad for that Medicine whosit, honestly.”

	No, I was actually not sorry at all. When you insult someone, you have to take responsibility, and elders should always be an example for the youth.

	The Black Witch looked back and forth between me and the Chemist with an odd expression. I wondered what she was thinking, so I was about to pull up her character window.

	“I’m done, you greenhorn! Bow before my great creation!” The Medicine King roared as he raised the potion he’d made into the air.

	Premium Recovery Potion

	Rarity level: Premium

	Creator: Medicine King

	Description: The taste is bitter, but it will heal most critical injuries. Of course, it’s just a recovery potion so you should only stop and consume it after your safety is secured. Anyhow, it’s amazing to be able to create a potion like this!

	The Hunters all around the library cheered.

	“It’s a premium recovery potion!”

	“Wow, a premium recovery potion. He’s the real king of medicine. A king never dies, really.”

	“Mr. Medicine King! Why don’t you sell that to me?”

	“Don’t even think about cutting in line! Mr. Medicine King! I’m the highest on the waiting list! I’ll buy it!”

	The Medicine King looked down his nose at me and the Chemist. He seemed to be saying that she and I had woken up a sleeping tiger and were about to pay the price.

	But then, the Chemist held up her potion. “Uhhh… I’m done too…”

	Soma Strawberry

	Rarity level: Semi-legendary

	Creator: Chemist

	Description: What? It tastes like strawberry! Not a single drop of strawberry is in it, so how does that taste like strawberry? And what’s up with this effectiveness! This potion can be used to reattach amputated limbs without side effects as long as they’re in good condition! What in the world did the creator make!?

	The library fell deathly silent.

Chapter 61

The Expedition Team Without Hopes And Dreams (3)

	Without saying a word, the Medicine King and Chemist looked at each other’s creation. The other Hunters were also quiet. He and she had used the exact same ingredients, but the quality of their creations was completely different. It blew the Hunters’ minds.

	The Chemist was the first one to move. She adjusted her glasses using her almost skeletally thin finger and turned her head this way and that to get a better look at the Medicine King’s potion.

	“So this is your potion, Mr. Medicine King…?”

	The Medicine King was quiet. She plucked his potion away and gave it a look up close.

	“Hmm. Oh.” She tilted the bottle and flipped it around before she handed it back to him. After that, she adjusted her glasses once again. “This is your level, huh…?”

	Hmm. Is she the type of person who has all of the confidence in the world when she thinks she’s at an advantage? I wondered.
