[Shiny jumps up and smacks you in the back of the head…]

Wow, I pity you guys for not knowing the beauty of love.

—Oh, drop the bullshit already, Zombie.

[Shiny looks at you like you’re a rotten fish.]

Shiny, you don’t have eyes.

[Shiny tells you to look at the jewel attached to her sheath.]

I did what she said, and the jewel’s color turned somewhat opaque.

Okay, I’ll restrain myself.

—And concentrate.

I will, I answered.

1. Each Constellation has their own laws.

2. Their apostles follow their Constellation’s laws.

“For example, what kind of laws do they have? Can you give us an example?” I asked.

“Hmm! For example, there is a Constellation called Babbit.”

The Inquisitor further explained that Babbit was also called the God of Love.

“This Constellation interprets everything in the world as romance. In a world ruled by Babbit, power and wealth are meaningless! A person’s strength is determined by their romantic force.”

“Romantic force? What’s that?”

“It’s faster to show you!” The Inquisitor made a hand seal. “Divine Formula: Emotional Spirit.”

Light spread out from the Inquisitor’s hands. It wasn’t just white but reddish… a little pink. It rose from his hand in a thick, perfume-like fog.

“Haha! It’s temporary, but I manifested Babbit’s holy ground here! Try anything, Mr. Death King!”

“Mmmm…” I looked around awkwardly.

It was late at night. The Inquisitor, Raviel, and I were in her villa to discuss tactics for the invasion that would start after ten days.

“…Aside from the pink fog, not much has changed,” I murmured.

It was then that the Inquisitor tripped on my foot. “Excuse me!”

I lost my balance and somehow ended up grabbing Raviel’s wrist. Both of us fell to the floor with Raviel on her hands and knees above me as if she were making a move in bed.

Raviel looked down at me. “Gong-Ja, displaying our love like this in front of others is inappropriate.”

“Uh, uh… Uh, no! No! No, Raviel! I didn’t mean to grab you…!”

“Hahaha.” The Inquisitor beamed. “It’s the scene you often see in romance novels!

“Mr. Inquisitor, this is…?”

“In Babbit’s holy ground, every action leads to the development of romance! When someone falls, they don’t just fall down. People around them fall together! For example, if Mr. Death King is wearing a dress shirt and drinks water, there’s a ninety-five percent chance that he’ll spill the water and his shirt will become transparent! And it’ll be inevitable for the people around him to feel their hearts flutter when they see that!”

Oh my god. What kind of Lovecraftian horror was that?

“In short, the world on a holy ground is reinterpreted and people are brainwashed. The same goes for the great library we were in just a moment ago! The Indoor Librarian interprets a world as a book and we’re forced to be its characters.”

The Inquisitor made the hand seal again and the pink fog on the floor disappeared. I crawled out from under Raviel, my face flushed.

“We will defeat those who have their own laws with laws that we can use,” the Inquisitor declared with a wide smile. “That is how I see this holy war against the Constellations!”

“Hmm, then how should we handle it? We have ten days.”

“I first need to know which Constellations we’re dealing with! As you can probably guess from what I’ve said so far, the way to deal with them varies depending on the laws of the Constellations in question!”

“He has a point. It’s extremely important to know the enemy before going into a war.” Raviel chewed the tip of her fan.

The Inquisitor nodded in agreement. “Yes! So exactly which Constellations’ apostles are invading this world in ten days?”

“Would you be able to tell which Constellations they are?”

“Absolutely, if you have their real names! I can look them up using my Skill, Pantheon!”

I looked at the young man in front of me—no, he was possessing Lady Goldencup, so was that more accurate to call him a young lady? Anyway, I remembered what I knew about him.

When I was fighting Preta on the thirteenth floor, I had been screaming “Me, clairvoyant!” a lot. At the time, the Black Witch had said that the Inquisitor was also knowledgeable about religions of different worlds, although it was mainly possible because of his Skill.

Alright.

“…Would it be possible to infer their real names using their titles?”

“It’s possible if they’re famous!”

If that was the case…

“They’re the Ruin-Harvesting Cow, the Eternal Plains Warhorse, and the Immortal Happiness Preacher.”

“Ruin-Harvesting Cow is Mutia. Mainly oversees destruction and recreation. Her power is simple but powerful.” The Inquisitor rubbed his chin.

“How does that Constellation fight, usually?”

“She can freely use very strong physical force! She uses her physical force to destroy a wide area or dismantle the bonds that hold things together… Oh, I guess it’s possible to reassemble the bond and create a golem. It’s very rare, but she can use her power on time since time is also physical!”

As expected, it looked like Lady Goldencup, the female lead of this apocalyptic book, was given a second chance using Mutia’s power. The apostle of a Constellation from a different world had been here all along.

Is that why the Indoor Librarian chose this world as an apocalyptic book?

To put that in the Indoor Librarian’s terms, this book had already been tempered by another Constellation, giving him the opportunity to intervene. Was that how that was? Or was it because there were no Constellations in this world as Raviel said?

The former reason seems more like him than the latter.

“The Eternal Plains Warhorse is Mahos’ title. He governs duels and war. His power is innovative but strong too!”

“Is it something like, people won’t be able to refuse a challenge for a duel in his holy ground?”

“Yes! He can also spread battle fever so those who catch it won’t fear dying in battle! Or, with his help, people can gain insights into tactics! Oh, it’s also possible to use his power the other way around. By banning war itself, he can force peace on the people inside his zone. The usage of power like this is also an extremely rare case!”

“He oversees both war and peace… that sounds a little strange,” I muttered.

Raviel smiled softly. “What is so strange about it? Peace is nothing more than the state in which war has ceased, so it’s natural that he can force both war and peace.”

“Once again, you understand perfectly!” The Inquisitor smiled from ear to ear. “But I’m not sure about the Immortal Happiness Preacher’s real name! It seems like that Constellation isn’t very famous!”

An unknown Constellation… Not being famous means the Constellation is weak, so maybe that’s an advantage?

Shiny trembled.

[Shiny requests that you ask him if he knows about the Goddess of Protection.]

Shiny… You told me to focus on the meeting…

[Shiny says that is a very important matter!]

What is wrong with you…?

[Shiny adds that it is solely for the purpose of determining the accuracy of the Inquisitor’s information about the Constellations.]

[Shiny declares that she has no selfish intentions whatsoever!]

“…It’s slightly off topic, but do you know anything about the Goddess of Protection?”

“Ohh.” The Inquisitor smiled. “Goddess of Protection is Hwia’s title! As the name suggests, she primarily oversees protection and immortality! She’s quite a powerful deity, but my Skill Pantheon states that she has lost her power for some reason.”

[Shiny says the Inquisitor is a true expert and can be trusted!]

Raviel frowned. “Gong-Ja, why is that sword suddenly shining like that? It’s hurting my eyes.”

“Hold on. I’ll wrap it up…”

[Shiny screams and asks you to stop.]

So I—and only I—could confirm that the Inquisitor’s information was accurate thanks to the former Constellation, Shiny.

Raviel rested her chin on the tip of her fan. “This is difficult… There is one enemy of each type and three enemies in total.”

“Each apostle can borrow a different amount of their Constellation’s power, so it’s more complicated than that!”

“Still, we have some general information about our enemies. Thank you for sharing.”

“Haha, saving this world will also benefit the Tower! It’s more efficient to help you!”

“Is that so?”

“Yes! And my Divine Formulas can be used to borrow the power of most deities I know the real names of! With the addition of your strengths, we’ll surely find an answer!”

At the mention of “your strengths,” Raviel and I looked at each other intently and spoke at the same time.

“It’s love.”

“Love.”

There were probably many people who were better at fighting than us, and we were definitely not the smartest in the world. But the one thing we could be confident of was that our love was stronger than anyone else’s.

“…Huh?” The Inquisitor tilted his head. “Strange. Mr. Death King, seeing the two of you all lovey-dovey together makes my heart tingle and ache a bit. I’ve never felt like this before. What could it be?”

“You’re having a heart attack.”

“I also heard that my immersion level has increased! What do I do about that?”

I sighed quietly. “…First of all, please be careful about that immersion level.”

We were going to get nowhere if Goldencup consumed the Inquisitor before the holy war. I had explained this to Raviel already.

“The love I just mentioned has another meaning besides the one you think of generally,” Raviel said.

“What would that be?”

“I’m sorry, but I can’t share that. Let’s say it’s a kind of secret weapon.”

“Hmmmmm. I won’t be able to take all variables into account while planning our strategy…”

“Let’s discuss the basic strategy without it. It’ll be okay. As I wield significant influence in this world, I can place a considerable amount of security wherever I want at the wedding hall. I can also borrow His Majesty’s special force…”

“Oh, how strong are they?”

Raviel and the Inquisitor sat across from each other and continued their conversation.

It works.

Though one of them now was different on the inside, they used to be love rivals. Seeing them harmoniously working together to prepare for the imminent battle gave me a strange sense of optimism.

This will absolutely work!

And the Guardian had to throw a wet blanket on it.

—Gong-Ja, wake up. You can’t take three apostles lightly.

How serious is it, roughly?

—One and half Pretas on the twelfth floor are trying to knock down your front door.

That was a very innovative unit of measurement.

Preta used to be a Constellation, and we’re dealing with apostles. Shouldn’t an apostle be weaker than a Constellation?

—She was one of the most low-level Constellations. Based on your Tower’s rank system, I guess her level would be roughly D.

Even when she was on the twelfth floor?

—Yup, the Guardian bluntly replied. He picked at his ear. Well, since it’s you, I’m not worried. No, should I say that I’m not worried because it’s you two.

He glanced at Raviel. Since he had spent a long time with me, he had probably guessed what the secret weapon Raviel mentioned was. I had an idea too. Therefore, I didn’t think we would fail to stop the invasion.

—But, Zombie, you want to clear the stage with zero casualties, don’t you?

Yeah, I do.

—If that’s the case, you’ll really have to rack your brain. Let’s say that smart boy and your spouse will take care of the tactical part. You’d better develop your personal fighting skills as well. The Guardian looked down at me with his arms crossed. Now that I think about it, your Hunter Class is also D, right? You don’t plan on staying at that level forever, do you?

Of course I wasn’t.

* * *

Ten days passed by quickly.

“It’s finally the wedding day!”

In the empire, wedding ceremonies were held in the evening. Marriage was the union of the sun and the moon; it was said in the empire that nothing represented a wedding better than the evening sky, where the light of the two celestial bodies blended together. The clearer and redder the sunset was, the better wedding day that was. Today was one of those days.

“You look marvelous today, Your Grace!”

Surrounded by servants, I was experiencing a strange feeling. Five servants were fussing over me like beetles on a tree, dressing me up. They constantly threw cringe compliments like, “How can he be so handsome!” and, “Her Grace is so lucky!”

I was about to lose my mind.

“Well, thank you for everything. I’m really grateful, but can you please tone it down a bit with the compliments…?”

“No, no!” the servants resolutely responded. “You should be the best-looking groom in the empire, at least for today! Even if frugality and humility are virtues, you shouldn’t pursue them right now! The only virtue you should pursue today is beauty!”

Ah, I was no stranger to this kind of moment… It was the same as when the Black Witch and the other leaders of the Five Guilds were making a fuss about my photoshoot… Of course, some things were different from back then.

“Congratulations on your wedding, Your Grace,” an old gentleman with a handsome beard said as he stepped into the dressing room.

I was confused because I didn’t know who he was.

Seeing my reaction, the old gentleman smiled bitterly. “I’m your foster father. I hold a minor position and do some chores for the imperial family. I’ve heard a lot about you from Her Grace, the new Duke of Ivansia.”

“Oh…”

Oh my god. This was my father whom I had never met before!

“N-nice to meet you. Umm, so, uhhh…”

“Please feel free to call me father. Don’t worry, I know that you don’t think of me as your father and I’ll never use my status to disturb the ducal family.” The old gentleman bowed politely. “I plan to retire after this wedding. She was very considerate, haha—I have nothing to worry about after my retirement.”

I sighed. How much effort had Raviel put in for today? I couldn’t even begin to fathom it.

For the first time in my life, I said, “…Father.”

“Yes, the soon-to-be Moon of Ivansia.”

“I have no ties to high society and I am a layman in politics, so I’m not up to date with what the empire is like now. So I would like to ask what the people of the empire say about this marriage.”

“It can be summed up as a series of shocks,” the old gentleman politely informed me. “The marriage of the duke of Ivansia is no less important than that of royalty, so preparing it within a single month is supposed to be extremely difficult. And she broke off her engagement with His Highness and then inherited her father’s title, but either way…”

He trailed off because it was becoming quite noisy outside the dressing room. I could hear the guests murmuring.

“…Either way, it would have been impossible if Her Grace hadn’t been able to persuade His Majesty.” The old gentleman stroked his beard and smiled. “Your Grace, your spouse is a truly capable woman. It’s a blessing for the empire that she’s loyal to His Majesty. Even though we became father and son just for today, if I may, I would like to say…”

The old gentleman narrowed his eyes and began to emanate energy so powerful that it was almost comparable to the Sword Star.

“Judging from how Her Grace made use of my other position and the security arrangements for the wedding, I don’t think today will go very smoothly.”

As soon as the last word left the lips of the imperial chief steward—who was also the captain of the Imperial Special Force—the murmurings outside the dressing room turned into screams.

—Zombie, get ready.

I looked out the window.

—They’re here.

[The apostle of the Ruin-Harvesting Cow has appeared.]

[The apostle of the Eternal Plains Warhorse has appeared.]

[The apostles of the Immortal Happiness Preacher have appeared.]

In the red sky, where the light of the two celestial bodies blended together, the sunset crumbled away and the enemies all of us had been waiting for appeared.

Chapter 114

The Holy War (3)

The wedding venue erupted into chaos.

“Aaaahhhh!”

“Dear Lord, what is that…”

The sunset sky cracked like a glass window, blood dripped from the gaps. I looked up at the sky, using my aura to enhance my eyes.

[The apostle of the Ruin-Harvesting Cow has appeared.]

There was a girl holding a giant hammer.

[The apostle of the Eternal Plains Warhorse has appeared.]

A general riding on a pegasus.

[The apostles of the Immortal Happiness Preacher have appeared.]

A group of children were doing an odd dance, hand in hand.

“O-oh my god…”

The wedding’s guests looked at them in terror. The cracked red sky was incomprehensible already, but then these mysterious beings came out of the cracks. The guests had every reason to panic.

“They’re here.”

Only Raviel, the Inquisitor, and I were prepared to fight. Raviel was in command.

“Assemble the special force to protect the guests! Let those who belong to the Divine Dragon Knights gather in one place too! My vassals, evacuate the guests!” Raviel shouted to the confused guests and, above all, to her vassals, as both my bride and the duke of Ivansia.

The people, though startled, were spurred into action.

Being called out by name had a strange power to awaken them from their confusion. It was even stronger if the person who wielded this strange power was the second highest-ranking noble in the empire.

“Blue Lion Knights, get into your lines.”

“Your Grace, what in the world are those—”

“Forget about your questions. Stay alert and pay attention to the enemy’s movements. You are the finest knights of this empire. If you plan on embarrassing yourselves, return your knighthood to the empire! Do you understand what you need to do?”

“U-understood!”

Raviel’s rapid-fire orders instantly established order in the wedding venue. Even soldiers and nobles whom she could not normally command obeyed her orders. They didn’t know why the sunset sky cracked or the unidentified apostles showed up, but they instinctively felt that the only way out of this chaos was to follow her.

“Can you find out their abilities?” she asked.

“Yes! Please wait a moment!” The Inquisitor made a hand seal; white light burst out from his hand. It rose into the sky like a beam of light and instantly swept across the apostles of the other worlds. “Analysis complete! First of all, that lady with the giant hammer over there is—”

The Inquisitor couldn’t finish his sentence. The beam of light he’d emitted had apparently been perceived as a provocation and the blond apostle holding the hammer jumped out of the sky, striking down with her huge metal hammer.

The ground literally turned upside down. People screamed, but the tornado that the hammer’s passage created tore their voices away. The red and white flowers, which had been brought from the southern part of the empire to decorate the wedding, were thrown chaotically into the air. The white flowers in full bloom flew everywhere, and the apostle’s eyes burned red.

—Raviel Ivansia!

Those eyes and that voice were familiar.

—I’m not letting you have anything!

Surprisingly, the apostle looked exactly like Lady Goldencup.

“L-Lady Goldencup…?” one of the guests stammered.

“Why does she look like that?”

Although not as famous as Raviel, Goldencup was also a celebrity, so many people recognized her. Appalled, some of them looked back and forth at the apostle and the Inquisitor.

“This isn’t good,” the Inquisitor muttered. “That’s probably Lady Goldencup’s real form.”

“Real form?”

“To put it simply, it’s like pawning your soul to the devil. In return for borrowing the Constellation’s power, she sacrificed all of her abilities, her appearance, and her memories! Ahhh… Perhaps that young lady really had a wish that she wanted to achieve even if she had to sacrifice everything. Interesting…”

The person the Inquisitor was so intrigued by was swinging her hammer with full power.

Her swing sent people flying left and right. The knights who knew martial arts gritted their teeth and managed to endure; they were still confused, but they realized at least that the apostle, who resembled Lady Goldencup to an unnerving degree, wasn’t friendly.

“S-stop her!”

“Protect the guests!”

“Move as instructed!”

Having a clear enemy rallied the knights. The knights here were elites, some of the best in the empire, and Raviel had invited them as guests for this moment. They rushed forward, swords at the ready. Their movements were refined.

—Yes, you only listen to Raviel Ivansia too, Goldencup scoffed.

Dozens of knights threw themselves at her all at once.

—I’ll destroy everything rather than let that woman have them.

Dozens of swords loaded with aura struck her at the same time, but they bounced off without leaving even a scratch on Goldencup’s skin.

“What…?” the knights muttered, perplexed. Goldencup was unscathed.

There were some knights who recovered quickly and swung their swords again, but it was no use. Once again, none of the swords could get past Goldencup’s skin. Their aura only managed to burn Goldencup’s clothes.

—Lady Ruin-Harvesting Cow! Goldencup swung her hammer. Please grant me your blessing!

Her hammer crushed a knight like a watermelon, splattering his blood everywhere. Before the drops could hit the ground, Goldencup had swung her hammer once more.

“W-wait—”

Her hammer smashed another head. Explosions of blood erupted over and over in the ongoing massacre. The knights, despite the deaths of their comrades, desperately searched for Goldencup’s weakness, but none of their swords could wound her skin.

“Everyone, be careful!” the Inquisitor shouted. “That apostle is under one of Mutia’s blessings, the Unscathed Body! She can’t be injured. Haha, to be exact, it can reduce physical damage to her by 99.9 percent! Anything that isn’t at least strong enough to tear off the top of a mountain won’t inflict significant damage on her! Please try harder!”

—Raviel Ivansiaaa!

The knights were flustered.

The old gentleman who became my foster father for this day—the imperial chief steward and head of the Imperial Special Force, the strongest gentleman in the empire, stared at the Inquisitor in disbelief.

“Tear the top off a mountain? Who would be able to do that? That’s outrageous!” he protested.

“Yes, you’re right. It’s extremely difficult, but if you don’t do it, you die!” The Inquisitor smiled beautifully.

If I were to capture that smile in a photo, I felt like I could forget that people were being hammered into meat paste right now. Crazy psychopath.

“She’s a monster on her own.” Raviel sighed. “But another one is coming.”

She was right. It was unclear if that apostle was the soul or the real form of Goldencup, but she was just one of the enemies we had to fight. In fact, she might even be the easiest enemy to deal with.

—You pitiful people. The general riding a pegasus slowly descended with the sunset behind him. Blame that poor girl. Because of the person who resides in that girl’s original body and that young man, you will all be trampled under our horses’ hooves. You ought to mourn.

The general looked at Goldencup, then at the Inquisitor, and finally at me. It was impossible to see the general’s expression because he was wearing a helmet that covered most of his face.

—Warriors who follow the warhorse. The general raised his flag up high and a speck of the red sunset seeped into it. Awaken.

Translucent ghosts manifested around the general. Dozens, hundreds, thousands… There looked to be as many as ten thousand ghosts.

Everyone was at a loss for words. Even when people had gotten caught by Goldencup’s hammer and been flattened like pancakes, the guests had still held onto their wits and had resisted. However, a large army of ten thousand people appearing from the bright red sky was way beyond what they could cope with.

“Ru-run away…” someone croaked.

“Run away!” someone else echoed.

—Charge.

With just one word, the general silenced their voices.

A tidal wave of ghosts poured toward us. They were armored like soldiers from ancient times, but their spears weren’t rusty.

The wedding guests who were trying to escape were stabbed in the back.

“Pl-please don’t kill me!”

“Aaaaaaahhhhh!”

The massacre turned redder as the guests collapsed, bleeding. Their blood stained the white flowers red. This place was supposed to host the most luxurious wedding in the empire, but now it was hell on earth.

“…Mr. Inquisitor,” I said. I realized suddenly that I sounded very cold. “What are the abilities of that apostle?”

“I just completed my analysis. Hmm. One of Mahos’s blessings, Holy Battlefield, is active right now,” the Inquisitor answered as he made a hand seal.

Just as the character window was only visible to my eyes, the Inquisitor seemed to have something visible to only him.

“The Holy Battlefield affects a large area. It has the amazing power to allow summoned people to use their abilities like they could during their prime! Each and every one of those ghosts is an elite among elites and loyal to Mahos!”

“…We just don’t have enough.” Raviel lowered her fan. “We’re too outnumbered. Mutia’s apostle can’t lose in a one-on-one battle, and Mahos’s apostle is extremely effective in group battles. We’ve been backed up against a wall.”

—La.

—La, lala, la. La.

The last apostles began to move.

—La.

—Lala, la. Lala. La.

—Lalala. Lala. La. La.

The apostles in the form of children sang. Their song reached down to the ground as they danced in a circle; the faster they danced, the louder their song became.

—La.

—La, la. Lala.

The wedding guests—and not just one or two of them—who were running away from the ghosts suddenly fell over. They fell unconscious and flopped over like puppets whose strings had been cut.

“Oh.” The Inquisitor quickly made another hand seal. The light he emanated also enveloped Raviel and me. “Haha, this is really not good! Hmm. It’s a type of psychological attack. When you hear that song, you’re forcibly buried in your happiest memory. Unless your willpower is exceptionally strong, you can’t resist it!”

The apostle wielding a hammer was immune to physical attacks. The apostle on a flying warhorse specialized in large-scale warfare. The apostle of happiness violated the mind.

“…Seriously, this is all kinds of terrible,” I mumbled.

“Yes! If we only had the apostle who specializes in one-on-one fights, we could handle her. Even if we were forced into a large-scale battle, there are tactics we can use. When psychological attacks are the problem, we can form a small number of elites with strong willpower. But fighting all three kinds of battles at once is very difficult!” The Inquisitor smiled brightly. “Mr. Death King.”

“Yes.”

“Can I trust that you will win?”

The wedding venue was already drowning in the red sunset. The song’s notes fell relentlessly from the sky, and the dead massacred the living on the ground.

The captain of the special force fought until the end, but died. Goldencup stomped on the old gentleman’s head and glared fiercely at us, hammer in her hand.

—Raviel Ivansia! she screamed.

Raviel was wearing a black dress. At first glance, it looked like a dress for a funeral, not a wedding, but this was the empire’s custom. The person who was to be head of their family after marriage wore black clothes, and their spouse wore white clothes. So Raviel wore a black dress, and I was in a white tuxedo.

“Gong-Ja.” Raviel looked back at me. “I should have told you sooner.”

“Yes?”

“That tuxedo suits you very well.”

I smiled. The Constellations’s apostles had invaded the world, and all of the guests had been massacred. However, Raviel took this moment to compliment my wedding tuxedo, which meant that she didn’t accept this as her end.

That was right. We were never giving up on our marriage.

“Raviel, you’re the most beautiful person in the universe.” I held my bride’s hand, feeling the soft texture of her lace gloves.

I heard heavy footsteps. It was probably Goldencup, running toward us. Soon, her hammer would crush us. As the ground shook, I said, “I promised you that I would never kill myself without your permission, Raviel. Even if the moment comes and I have to die, I will accept death only after I have done my utmost.”

“Yes, you did.”

“Please allow me to die now.”

“I allow it.”

That one sentence from the person I loved made me invincible.

—Raviel Ivansiaaa!

The moment Goldencup swung her hammer, I took Raviel into my arms so that I would die even 0.1 seconds sooner than her. Raviel understood my motives and didn’t resist. The two of us locked our fingers together.

The huge hammer soon hit me.

[You have died.]

I died like always.

[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

I watched what I always witnessed.

[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

But it wasn’t the same regression as always.

“Gong-Ja.”

When I opened my eyes, Raviel was there, holding my hand. As soon as our eyes met, we realized that we didn’t have to explain what we had been through; we shared the same time.

Just as we did right before we died, our fingers were still locked. She and I were no longer lonely regressors.

“Let’s plan our strategy.”

We were invincible because we were together.

Chapter 115

The Black Marriage (1)

“Dear Lord, please help me.”

A girl prayed, and she was answered.

“Dear Lord, please help us.”

Because that happened, a boy who had been by the girl’s side as her butler and childhood friend, offered a prayer as well. That, too, was answered.

* * *

“We first need to change the seating arrangement,” Raviel whispered. “Now that we know where the apostles appear, we can place the special force and the knights there.”

While preparing for the wedding, I learned that the bride and groom had enormous power. We could make our wedding guests sit wherever we wished. If we wanted to, it was even possible to have two enemy nobles sit at the same table. Of course, our reputation would be ruined and people would badmouth us, but was that really a big deal? Our priority at the moment was to destroy the apostles of the Constellations from different worlds.

If I could duplicate blessings too, things would have been much easier…

Unfortunately, my Skill, I Want To Be Like You, couldn’t be used to copy the blessing Goldencup was under.

—Zombie, I told you. The Tower is very strict in strange ways, the Guardian said. He seemed downright excited that I couldn’t weasel out of this fight. You’re also under multiple blessings right now. The one from the God of Beauty, and another one from the God of Serpent. You had blessings while fighting Preta too.

Yes, those blessings are treated separately from my Skills.

—Yeah, these blessings from Constellations are technically buffs given using their Skills. That’s just how it works, so what can you do about it? Well, if you have a problem with it, you could go attack the Constellation that gave her the buff and get killed by the Constellation.

Alright, alright, I grumbled. Seriously.

Using a word like “buffs” made it sound like some kind of computer game, but I had to face reality, not a game.

The Inquisitor brought my focus back to that raw reality.

“If there’s an apostle who’s good at psychological attacks, the number of wedding guests should be reduced even further than it is now, especially if the apostle’s blessed ability is to recreate their happiest memory!”

The candle flame crackled and illuminated the Inquisitor’s face.

The Inquisitor, Raviel, and I were gathered in Raviel’s dressing room, which was now our secret meeting room, and put our heads together. A layout of the wedding venue and the list of guests were placed on the table.

“The deadliest poison in the world never makes people hurt. It makes them happy! Not many people can escape the Immortal Happiness Preacher’s poison of happiness!”

“…The problem is this.” Raviel touched the guest list with her long finger. “The smaller the number of guests is, the more difficult it becomes to deal with the Eternal Plains Warhorse. This apostle summons an army of ten thousand people. More guests means more people will be subject to the psychological attacks, but we’ll be helplessly outnumbered if we reduce our numbers.”

“Hmm, that’s a valid point. This is difficult…”

Raviel and the Inquisitor were lost in thought while the candle slowly burned out.

“Please leave that to me,” I said.

They both turned to look at me.

“Do you have any good ideas, Mr. Death King?”

“Yes.” I nodded.

As I explained my plan, Raviel and the Inquisitor’s expressions changed.

“…I see.” Raviel had a look of admiration on her face. “My consort has a lot of connections. If we formulate a strategy based on your plan, we shouldn’t have any problems.”

Just as I had no pretenses in my respect for her, Raviel didn’t hesitate to praise me. Though I was a little embarrassed.

“But there is a condition.”

“What is it?”

“Please allow me to wear black clothes too, Raviel.”

Raviel pursed her lip. In the empire, only those who would become the head of their family could wear black clothes on their wedding day. It wasn’t a color that I, the duke consort, could wear, but I had to.

“It’s not because I want to become the head of the family, it’s just that…”

“No, you don’t have to explain. I have known since my past life that my consort isn’t greedy for political power.” Raviel shook her head. “I was just concerned about the traditions of the empire, but they shouldn’t be the reason I ignore my consort’s wishes. I’ll prepare the clothes myself.”

“Thank you.”

The three of us met each other’s eyes and nodded. It was just a coincidence, but the candle on the table swayed at the exact same moment.

We were ready.

* * *

The fateful evening arrived, and the nobles, some of whom were considered the most powerful in the empire, began to arrive at the wedding venue.

It had been around a month since the marriage was announced. Although it had all happened so fast, no noble was bold enough to refuse an invitation to the Ivansias’ wedding. No matter how much they badmouthed Raviel behind her back, they had to smile in front of her.

Might made right.

“The wedding’s seating arrangement seems strange,” the old gentleman, the imperial chief steward and my foster father, mentioned in the groom’s dressing room.

Even the nobles were obviously confused when they entered the wedding venue. They could understand it being an outdoor wedding, rather than being held in a temple, since the union between a noble and a commoner wasn’t well received.

“Why have you gathered all of the knights and combatants in one place? Besides, this arrangement… Pardon me, but it seems like you and Her Grace are expecting a battle. People who can fight are placed at the front, and ordinary nobles are assigned seats at the rear.”

“I’m not sure what you’re talking about,” I responded naturally as servants bustled around me, dressing me up.

Stroking his beard, the old gentleman gently laughed. “Please pardon my rudeness. But it looks like you placed all of the useful pawns at the front and put the bothersome burdens aside.”

“I’m sure my duke has her reasons.”

“And you also have a sword on your belt.”

“Yes, I enjoy practicing martial arts. I’m about to be the moon of Ivansia, I shouldn’t look weak. And besides, a gang of thugs may appear and cause trouble at the wedding, so I have to be fully prepared.”

“I see. A contingency…” The old gentleman smiled bitterly. “I understand. Then, I will tell that to the colleagues who came with me. Haha, I can’t believe that this is why Her Grace chose me to be your foster father…”

He bowed and left the dressing room, probably to tell his subordinates to prepare for battle.

So far, it was going as planned.

The more people who could remain calm in an unexpected situation, the better.

Raviel was already moving her people in the shadows.

—There are those who harbor grievances about the marriage, so they’re going to launch a terror attack at the wedding.

The groundless rumor spread quickly but quietly. Not everyone would believe the rumors, but nobles were beasts at heart; planting an alert in the back of their minds was guaranteed to be effective.

“Aaaahhhh!”

I saw the results sooner than I expected.

They’re here. I shook off the servants and ran out of the dressing room.

The voice that only the Inquisitor and I could hear in this world rang out.

[The apostle of the Ruin-Harvesting Cow has appeared.]

[The apostle of the Eternal Plains Warhorse has appeared.]

[The apostles of the Immortal Happiness Preacher have appeared.]

The same sunset sky as the one I had seen yesterday cracked like a glass window. Through the cracks, the three Constellations’ apostles appeared.

“Oh my god…”

“Dear Lord, what is that…”

The guests stood up hesitantly, but upon closer look, it was clear that their reactions were a bit different from before. The knights and the other combatants instinctively gathered together, holding their weapons. On the other hand, the nobles who didn’t know how to fight were looking around warily, ready to escape at any time.

And, most of all, my response was different.

“Mr. Inquisitor!”

“Yes, Mr. Death King!” the Inquisitor immediately replied. He’d been waiting in front of the dressing room. “I’ll get on your back now!”

“Okay!”

“Divine Formula: Teleportation!”

This was the Divine Formula the Inquisitor used when I first realized he was a psychopath. At the time, the Demon King of Autumn Rain and the Goddess of Protection had given us a test that had divided us against one another.

Our destination was the bloody red sky, behind the apostle with the hammer, Lady Goldencup.

—Huh? W-what!? Goldencup looked back at me in bewilderment.

My holy sword clashed loudly with her hammer.

The gravity was dragging me from my lofty position, sending me plummeting back to the ground.

“One more time!” I shouted.

“Hahahaha, okay! Divine Formula: Teleportation!” the Inquisitor joyfully shouted.

The next moment, we were behind Goldencup again. Her back was wide open, so I swung my sword as hard as I could.

—Ugh! Goldencup blocked my attack again, but only just. Two ambushes in a row were too much for her and she lost her balance.

She had originally planned to descend straight from the sky, but our interference had turned it into an uncontrolled plunge.

—I don’t know what kind of trick you used, but it’s no use! Goldencup yelled. The wind tousled her blonde hair as she fell. I’m unstoppable! Nothing can hurt me now! The Ruin-Harvesting Cow gave me an invincible body!

“Did you sell your soul because you didn’t want to get hurt!?”

—Why do you care? Goldencup screamed. Everyone only looks at Raviel Ivansia! That annoying bitch—all she did was to be born into a good family, but she’s so pompous and acts as if she understands all of the sorrows in the world! I’ll kill you and take everything that bitch has!

Her desires couldn’t be more ugly, but I didn’t laugh at Goldencup. No matter how much we tried to gild it, humans were ultimately driven by their ugliest desires. I knew because I had experienced it myself… but that also gave me the right to answer her.

“You should have known that many people in the world are far worse off than you, Lady Goldencup!” I hefted the holy sword. “People know the pain they have experienced! So when another person screams in pain, you can sympathize with them because you can feel how lonely they are! People’s origins don’t matter! Everyone who screams in pain is my kin!”

—Ha, you’re shitting me! Who lives like that? Goldencup sneered at me as she fell. You can’t even hurt me! I’m indomitable, indestructible, and immortal!

The wind blew against my face as we descended.

If she could change from a single word, she would have already been a different person. Words were powerless; actual power was needed to help the ones screaming. That was why the doctrine of the shadow’s followers was the sword.

“Shiny!”

[Shiny answers your call.]

“Become Sympathy!” I ordered.

[Yes, Hero.]

Black cloudy energy flowed out of the holy sword, instantly contaminating it with filthy black energy.

My opponent’s ability was powerful yet simple:

“That apostle is under one of Mutia’s blessings, the Unscathed Body! She can’t be injured.”

But I had a way to counter it—the sword I obtained in Teacher’s world, the Goddess of Protection’s second ability: Sympathy.

—Those whom I cut feel pain, but they’re never wounded or die. My ability is woundless pain.

“Sylvia Evanail!” I cried out Goldencup’s real name and struck her with my sword. “I’m going to kill you!”

—Ha, Goldencup scoffed. She didn’t even seem to plan on dodging my blow. The look on her face was telling me to bring it on. She had absolute confidence in the blessing she received. Try that if you ca—

Goldencup’s sentence was cut short by a piercing scream.

—Ahhhh!

My sword went right through her heart. It drew no blood and left no injuries, as if the sword didn’t exist—but the pain was there.

—Ugh, uh… ugh…? Aaaahhh! Ahhh!

Goldencup howled in pain. The wind from her meteoric descent couldn’t muffle the bloody screams ripping through the red sky.

“Mr. Inquisitor!”

The Inquisitor and I were rapidly approaching the ground. I stabbed Goldencup in the heart once more, and then, right before we fell to the ground, shouted, “Now!”

“Divine Formula: Teleportation!” the Inquisitor immediately yelled.

He used the Divine Formula multiple times. With every teleportation, our fall became slower; after the last time, we landed safely on the ground. Goldencup, however, did not.

The ground shook as if a small meteor had fallen. A cloud of dust rose over the impact zone. Unlike the last try, Goldencup’s landing had turned into an uncontrolled fall, and no one was harmed by her hammer—there was only an apostle convulsing from the pain of being stabbed in the heart.

I adjusted my grip and slowly walked toward Goldencup. “Does it hurt? It’s going to hurt even more.”

Goldencup recognized my footsteps and flinched and gasped as she staggered to her feet.

—H-help me! Goldencup begged the minions of other Constellations, ignoring me. All of us are under the treaty! I-it’s the contract! Lady Mutia won’t take kindly to you ignoring me like this! Even your Constellations won’t agree!

—Hmmm, the general on the pegasus mused. Strange. It’s… not a Constellation. That is more like a fragment of a Constellation. It’s hard to explain how he got his hands on such an item.

The general slowly raised his flag.

—It doesn’t change the fact that it’s an obstacle that has to be subdued. Warriors who follow the warhorse, awaken.

Thousands of ghosts appeared. In the red light, they looked like killers covered in blood. Screams of shock erupted from all over the wedding venue when the guests witnessed the absolute might of the enemy general’s ability.

“The Holy Battlefield affects a large area. It has the amazing power to allow summoned people to use their abilities like they could during their prime! Each and every one of those ghosts is an elite among elites and loyal to Mahos!”

But I had a way to deal with it.

“Gong-Ja,” Raviel called out, coming up behind me. I looked back and saw Raviel holding something in both hands. “Put this on.”

It was a black cape. Raviel wrapped it around me as if it were a scarf, covering up the white tuxedo I wore. The Ivansia family crest was embroidered on it with silver thread.

Meanwhile, the ghost army came closer and closer.

“Y-Your Grace!”

The wedding guests, even the knights, looked at Raviel in panic. Unlike the last try, they were in formation and had a strategy, but the march of the ghosts was terrifying in itself.

“What should we do? Please give us orders—”

“Just shut up for a minute,” Raviel flatly responded as she finished putting the cape on me. She didn’t seem worried about the ghost army. She looked at my outfit and nodded. “The cape looks good on you, too.”

“Thank you for allowing me to do this. I had to keep this at least.”

“I understand. See the ending you want.”

“I will.” I smiled and turned away.

A huge number of ghosts were running toward me.

“The Holy Battlefield affects a large area. It has the amazing power to allow summoned people to use their abilities like they could during their prime!”

I slowly raised the black sword and said, “Monster Legion Reincarnation.”

My shadow spread across the ground like the coming of dusk.

[Activating the Skill Monster Legion Reincarnation.]

The evening sky was red from the sunset, and the horizon was pitch black from my shadow.

—What…!

The general, who had been confidently riding his pegasus toward us, stopped, and so did the ghosts that followed him. They had charged with the certainty that they would easily slaughter us, but they were now blocked by the shadow that ate the ground.

“Master,” a part of the shadow intoned. “We’re at your service.”

Preta kneeled in front of me. Her appearance was different from usual. It wasn’t her usual delicate form of Estelle; wastewater flowed out of Preta, covering her in a coat of dark red sludge. She looked like the Demon King of Autumn Rain that I had faced before.

“It has the amazing power to allow summoned people to use their abilities like they could during their prime!”

Behind Preta stood martial artists dressed in black robes. Each looked different; they were born from all walks of life and led a life of their own, but they were now one in black.

“Greetings to the Young Demonic Heaven!”

They were the proof of my life.

In my black cape, I said, “Please fight for me.”

The cult members who follow the doctrine of shadow offered me their bao quan salute as one.

“Yes, Lord Young Heaven!”

It was time to start the war.

Chapter 116

The Black Marriage (2)

The shadows were everywhere, their black robes fluttering in the wind. Even when they noticed the ghost army in the distance, they were not the least bit surprised because they already lived and died in a world overrun with jiangshi. Ghosts couldn’t scare them.

“You look pretty good today, Lord Young Heaven,” the Ghostfire Demon King said in a leisurely voice. He was one of the Four Demon Kings of the Heavenly Demon Cult, and had also fought the Shaolin Temple’s abbot in the last Great War of Good and Evil. “You even powdered your face. It’s like you’re about to get married.”

I nodded. “I am getting married.”

“…Pardon?”

All the cultists’ heads turned in unison. They were the martial artists of murim with the strength of their prime which seemed to have amplified their hearing through their qi.

“I’m getting married today,” I plainly informed them.

Silence fell upon the area. The cultists looked at each other, and then at me. They observed me intently to determine whether I was serious or not. I gave them a decisive answer by simply nodding.

“L-Lord Young Heaven,” the Ghostfire Demon King stammered. “L-Lord Young Heaven is getting married!”

The cultists lost it.

“Our Lord Young Heaven is getting married!”

“The supreme ruler of the Demonic Heaven is getting married!”

“It’s not even an engagement! It’s a marriage!”

The cultists went wild, forgetting about the ghost army approaching them. They cried out and shouted; my marriage seemed like something they had to urgently announce to the world.

“Who’s your bride?!”

“Over there.” I pointed politely with both hands. “The one over there with the silver hair is my spouse to be.”

Over there, Raviel was comforting the distressed guests. Her profile was as cool and dignified as always. When the cultists laid eyes on her, their jaws dropped to the ground.

“She’s beautiful…”

“Y-yeah, she’s pretty.”

“Our Young Heaven certainly aimed high.”

“Young Heaven, how much qi has your spouse accumulated?”

As expected from the martial artists of murim, the first thing they were interested in was her martial prowess.

“Mmm, my spouse doesn’t know how to use martial arts.”

The cultists boggled at me. Disgruntled whispers, tinged with defiance, soon spread throughout the venue; they were unable to accept this marriage.

“Still, she’s supposed to be the spouse of the Young Demonic Heaven…”

“Isn’t it a bit problematic if she doesn’t know how to use martial arts at all?”

“Authority comes from power…”

“We, the Blood Demons, cannot acknowledge this marriage!”

“I forgot to tell you this. My spouse is a duke, the second most powerful in this empire after the emperor,” I added.

The cultists started chattering again.

“That’s a different story…”

“It’s not like she has to learn martial arts. Isn’t that right?”

“Yes, power isn’t just about physical strength…”

“Congratulations on your marriage, Lord Young Heaven!”

In many ways, they were innocent.

Not all of the shadows were cultists—Preta, for instance. The child was once called the Demon King of Autumn Rain and feared by the entire world, but she had been blankly opening and closing her mouth ever since she heard that I was getting married.

“M-Master, you’re getting married?”

“Yeah, I am. It happened,” I answered.

“Impossible. You’re a world-class weirdo— Oh, no, I’m sorry. There’s nobody in this universe who can match your uniqueness, but someone actually wants to marry you?”

Preta, you… You’ve been calling me Master all along, but you think of me as a weirdo…

I sighed. I could feel another scratch on my heart.

“It turns out there really is. We can talk all about it at the reception, so focus on the battle now.”

“Uh, ah. Yes. Understood, Master. What kind of enemies are we dealing with…?”

“Apostles came from different worlds to conquer this one,” I said. “They’re also trying to ruin my wedding.”

As soon as I finished speaking, the air around the cultists tensed. The Blood Demon King, the captain of the Blood Demon Unit, ran his hand over the hilt of his sword. On the other hand, the Ghostfire Demon King, the captain of the Requiem Unit, smirked.

“Interrupting the wedding of the Young Heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult…” The Moonlight Demon King, who led the Deceased Shadow Unit, tossed his hair.

The Sword Demon, the captain of the Execution Unit, stretched his neck. “Gosh, so they’re idiots.”

Lastly, Preta drew the sword which had sent me to my death hundreds of times, the demonic sword that released dark red laser beams.

“I see. I was thinking that I and the others had regained our original strength because you had another awakening… but it’s because of a Constellation’s blessing. I’m guessing they’re the Constellation’s minions.” Preta’s eyes were on the ghost army in the sky.

“That’s right.”

“May I ask which Constellation they’re mooching off?”

“Mahos. I heard that his title is the Eternal Plains Warhorse.”

The corners of Preta’s mouth twisted. “They’re idiots who know nothing but fighting.”

That sneer had the arrogance of the time before she fell to me.

The enemies numbered ten thousand, but there were only around one thousand of us. However, the cultists were chatting as they prepared for battle. Preta slowly raised her sword. We had the advantage. No one on our side thought we were at a disadvantage—none of us.

“Master, command me. What do you want me to do?”

“Wipe them out.”

“As you wish.”

Preta brandished her demonic sword and the bloody red sunset was bisected by a laser beam that was redder than blood.

Words could not dare describe the laser beam’s power and the awe it inspired.

The ghosts caught in the red laser beam screamed and disappeared. It even almost got the general leading the ghost army.

—What is this…? This doesn’t make sense. A Constellation…? How can he order around a Constellation when he’s not even a Constellation…? The general stared at me in shock.

“Kick their asses!”

The cultists let out wild roars.

“They’re small fries! We don’t even need to recite our prayer!”

“Which asshats are interfering with our Young Demonic Heaven’s wedding!?”

“Our wedding gifts to the Young Heaven shall be the heads we take! Do you all understand? I’ll kill any brat that brings less than five heads today!”

“Hahaha! Did you hear that, Execution Unit? You should all bring at least ten heads!”

“This is the problem with the ignorant…”

Some were angry, others roared, and a few clicked their tongues in disapproval. The ghost army was still far away, but the distance was meaningless to them. Around a thousand shadows performed the lightness art at once.

—Huh?! Stop them! the general shouted, panicking.

The ghost army was also made up of elites. They raised their shields and formed a seamless phalanx. The lines of spears were so dense that they looked like a hedgehog.

“Idiots.” The Ghost of the Autumn Rain sneered. “The fodder is making itself easier to be swept away.”

The red laser beam tore through the sky again.

The ghost army’s tight formation made them easily swept away, leaving a gaping hole behind that the surviving soldiers hastily tried to fill. However, the cultists were highly experienced fighters. They would never miss an opportunity like this one.

“Kyahahaha!”

“Bite their heads off!”

The cultists lunged like animals. The legion of shadows and the army of ghosts collided.

With their qi unleashed, the cultists butchered the ghosts. Unlike the last battle of the Great War of Good and Evil, the cultists didn’t bother to recite the prayer of Whish.

No one said why, but I could guess that it was because this wasn’t a great battle for them, or even a fight. It was a simple hunt. The cultists slaughtered the ghost army like mere beasts.

The ghost army didn’t have the strength to surmount the shadows’ arrogance. When the cultists brandished their swords, the army’s formation broke. When the ghosts’ shields and spears were broken as well, the followers stabbed into the cracks and struck down the ghosts with the ends of their own broken spears.

It was a massacre.

—Regroup by squadrons! the general shouted, waving his flag. Do not panic, warriors! There’s no need! Follow your decurion—

Someone landed nimbly on the tip of the general’s flagpole.

“Hey, there.”

It was the Sword Demon King, the most foulmouthed of the Four Demon Kings. The Sword Demon had his back against the sunset, hiding his face in the shadows.

“So the word is that you’re the reason that my Young Heaven can’t get married.”

—You…

“You motherfucker, just die already. “

His sword flashed. One, two, three. The trajectories of the three strikes intertwined like a spider web. One strike severed the general’s right arm, the next cut his chest, and the third attack ripped the flag.

The apostle of the God of War’s apostle vomited blood. Even that was brief—right after that, the Sword Demon King delivered his final sword strike on the general’s neck. The general’s scream went flying away with his head.

“Gotcha.” The Sword Demon jumped off the flagpole and snatched the general’s head out of the air. “Oh, no. I can’t lose something as precious as this. Man, did you see that, you brats! I’m the Sword Demon King, the captain of the Execution Unit! We, the Execution Unit, are the first to secure a wedding gift for our Young Heaven!”

“Shit.”

“Of all the people here, why is that bonehead the first…?”

I could hear “Fuck” from all over the place. The other cultists were upset about losing their chance to be cool to the Sword Demon King. Was there a strange sort of competitiveness even though they were in the same cult?

[The apostle of the Eternal Plains Warhorse has been annihilated.]

The general’s head then dispersed into particles of light in the Sword Demon’s hand. The general’s headless body and his ghost soldiers crumbled to dust moments later. They were all gone.

“Huh? Huh?” The Sword Demon King looked at his now-empty right hand, flustered. After a moment, he gave me a blank look. “Umm… Ummmm… Does the thought count as a gift, Young Heaven?”

I chuckled. “I’ll count it as half a gift.”

—La. La.

It was then that the apostles of the Immortal Happiness Preacher began to sing.

—Lala.

The children held hands and danced in a circle in the sky. With each step they left in the sunset sky, another melody was added.

“Nnngh.”

“Urgh.”

The cult followers frowned. Some of them tried to counter the song by drawing up their qi, but it ended in failure because the AOE buff ended after the apostle of the Eternal Plains Warhorse died.

“Ah…” Preta let out a weak sigh of despair. The black wastewater that had covered her quickly slipped away. She glared at the Sword Demon King and clicked his tongue. “That idiot… He’s on our side, but he’s certainly not helpful. I’m sorry, Master. Unless I’m in my prime, I’m vulnerable to psychological attacks like this one… Umm… the fight…”

The reason Preta’s speech was becoming drawn out was that she was falling asleep. Like her, the cultists who had been rampaging across the battlefield a moment ago collapsed down one by one. The same was true for the guests who were following Raviel. The humans were helpless in the face of the lullaby sung by the apostles of dreams.

“Please hold on a moment, Mr. Death King.” The Inquisitor made a hand seal. “I’ll create a barrier!”

“No, don’t.” I grabbed the Inquisitor’s hand.

The Inquisitor tilted his head. “Mr. Death King? Unless we do something about it, we’ll also fall victim to the apostles’ song.”

“Maybe so. But if I’m right, we and Raviel will be fine.”

“Hmm.” The Inquisitor smiled and stopped creating the hand seal. “Okay. I’m sure you have a good reason.”

The sunset reached its peak.

—La. La, la.

—La, lala. La.

The blazing sunset shone down on the children, their shadow stretching all the way to the horizon. It kept moving farther away before coming close again. At times, it also shrank, only to grow bigger once more.

“It’s a type of psychological attack. When you hear that song, you’re forcibly buried in your happiest memory.”

The wedding venue became quiet. The cultists were sitting on the ground and leaning on each other’s shoulders, dozing off. Some guests were lying down, sleeping. Was everyone immersed in their own happiness?

But three people were still left to speak aloud.

“Whoa. You were right.” The Inquisitor looked back and forth at me and Raviel and stroked his chin, amused. “As Mr. Death King said, the three of us are fine. I feel a little sleepy, but I’m pretty much normal. What wonder have you pulled off this time, Mr. Death King?”

The Inquisitor wasn’t the only one who was curious about the current situation. The apostles of dream slowly stopped dancing and cocked their heads at me in confusion.

—They are strange humans.

—They do not sleep. Do you not dream?

—Do you not have any happy memories?

“No.” I shook my head and then slowly looked around at the wedding venue. “It’s not like that.”

There was Preta, who was sleeping softly. The cultists were leaning on each other, also sound asleep. I had the life I took in, and the proof of Teacher’s life was around me.

I had many reasons to be unhappy. There were countless reasons, actually. No one would blame me even if I said my life was unfortunate. I had been burned to death, committed suicide thousands of times, and witnessed my colleagues killing each other out of suspicion. There were times when I had to give up my life dozens of times to take one step forward. I had my neck bitten off by a corpse, and I had to let go of the person who told me I was beautiful.

“This is my happiest moment.”

The person I loved was here. One reason to be happy mattered to me more than hundreds of reasons not to be happy.

“I don’t know if you know this, but today is my wedding. It might have been different on another day, but it’s difficult to find someone happier than I am today. You guys chose the wrong date to invade this world.” I shrugged. “…Though I doubt you’ve ever been unhappy in your life. Every day is happy for you, Mr. Inquisitor.”

“Oh, I see! I’m definitely always happy! I really can’t fool your eyes, Mr. Death King. Hahaha.” Then the Inquisitor whispered, “Divine Formula: Teleportation.”

The next moment, the Inquisitor and I were teleported behind the apostles. Unlike the other apostles, the Immortal Happiness Preacher’s apostles didn’t know how to fight. The childish beings didn’t attack when they saw us, they simply stared up at my face.

—You are a strange human.

I braced myself and swung my sword.

[The apostles of the Immortal Happiness Preacher have been annihilated.]

We returned to earth using the Divine Formula again after defeating all of the alien beings that had invaded this world. Actually, not all of them yet.

I adjusted my grip on the holy sword and turned to where the apostle with the huge hammer stood, still panting. When our eyes met, she flinched, despite the distance.

“I’ll kill you and take you in,” I slowly said. “This is your last chance to fight back. “

—T-take me in…?

“You don’t need to understand it now. You’ll find out sooner or later.” I aimed my sword at the apostle and called her by her real name. “Come at me, Sylvia Evanail.”

Goldencup’s shoulders trembled.

Chapter 117

The Black Marriage (3)

Goldencup prayed desperately.

—L-Lady Ruin-Harvesting Cow, please… Please grant me a new blessing!

When humans were cornered, the world around them became smaller, and their perspective narrowed. At times like this, humans could either run away or blindly cling to someone. Goldencup was no different.

—In exchange… Yes, I will offer what’s left of me to you! No, I’ll plunge this world into pandemonium, just as you wish! Ruins! Violence! Destruction! Aren’t those to your liking, Lady Mutia?! I’m good at wreaking havoc!

I took a step, making Goldencup gasp and panic even more. Stumbling backward, she looked up at the bright red sunset as if her salvation was about to arrive.

I’m good at it! Lady Mutia! That is the one thing I’m really good at!

But there was no salvation or a response.

—This…

Her prayer quickly turned into sour resentment.

—This is a breach of the contract!

I took another step closer.

—You said you’ll give me the power to weave a new destiny! So why?! Why is there a crazy bitch in my body?! Give it back! Give me back my body!

“Oh, there is a slight error in what you said,” the Inquisitor said brightly. “If you’re referring to me, I’m sorry, but I’m a man! It would be more accurate to call me a crazy son of a bitch. Hmm. I suggest you use ‘maniac’ instead of ‘crazy son of a bitch,’ by the way. You should use that to refrain from cursing in the future. Healthy body in a healthy mind, Miss Evanail!”

Lady Goldencup—no, Sylvia Evanail burst into a rant.

—Fuck you! This is wrong! Yes, it’s wrong! It’s a breach of the contract. I deserve to be the empress. I’m going to become even more remarkable than Raviel Ivansia just as how it’s meant to be! It’s the fate I’ll create! So… it’s a breach of contract… I am…

With another step, I narrowed the distance enough to make it impossible to ignore me, forcing her to look away from the sky.

—Ugh! You freak!

Clang!

Sylvia swung her hammer, which collided with the holy sword. Deflecting each frantic strike, I easily closed the remaining distance. She grew increasingly impatient as I blocked her attacks. It was easy to break her spirit.

—Ah.

The moment Sylvia swung her hammer too widely, I cut her wrist.

—Aaaaaaaah!

Naturally, she wasn’t injured. There was no blood, red stains, or any evidence of a wound. Nevertheless, she still lost her grip on her hammer and screamed as if she was being torn apart.

Thuuud!

The hammer fell to the ground.

—Ah, uh… Ugh…

I went down on one knee to meet Sylvia’s eyes. The dust that the hammer had kicked up covered both our knees. “Make a choice.”

—C-choice?

“You already lost your place in this world. Even if you run away now, you’re no longer Lady Goldencup. You’re merely a Constellation’s apostle.”

—…

“I’ll give you a chance.”

Sylvia glared at me while applying pressure to her wrist.

“If you want to stay as your Constellation’s servant, be my guest. I’ll let you go. But if you still have lingering feelings for this world and want to stay here and accomplish more, then give up the blessing you received.”

—Why?

“And let me kill you.” I pointed my sword at her. “You saw the fight just now. I can summon those I kill with all their memories intact. Sylvia Evanail, if you surrender, I’ll summon you to this world so that you can live as Lady Goldencup once again.”

—…

“Yes, your life won’t be the same as before. Antagonizing my lover, Raviel Ivansia, in any way is prohibited. Apart from that, you’re free to live as you please. If you want, go marry the crown prince or something.”

—Why…

“People should be allowed second chances.”

Purple was blending into the red sunset. In the empire, weddings were held from the start to the end of sunset. I probably had about less than thirty minutes left.

—How can I trust you? W-what if you make me your summon and then treat me like a slave? I won’t be able to resist in any way.

I looked at Sylvia. “Why were you and your butler chosen to be possessed?”

—Huh?

“Your memories, your body… You gave everything to your Constellation to make your wish come true, which cost you your place in this world.”

Anyone could take and replace her empty spot. This was probably the reason the Indoor Librarian had been able to send me and the Inquisitor into this world.

“It’s understandable why you have lost your place in this world, but have you ever wondered why your butler is gone too?”

Sylvia’s eyes widened.

“I don’t know the full story either, but I did become the butler once. I was even completely immersed in his life. What I realized then was that he gave you everything, Sylvia Evanail. Taking that into consideration, I assure you that you would never be happy even if you became the empress of this empire.”

—What?

“You weren’t trying to become the empress because you loved the crown prince. You just wanted to be better than Raviel. Would your life have really turned out well if you became the empress?”

I shook my head.

“You’re quite capable, but you aren’t better than Raviel. You neither have the power of Raviel’s family nor the charisma to control crowds like she does. Even if you had become an empress, people would have compared you to Raviel and looked down on you.”

—…

“For your entire life.”

Supposing the butler had watched his master suffer all her life, he would have surely thought, If Lady Goldencup hadn’t become empress, she would have been happy.

“The butler I know would willingly sacrifice everything to save you. That is what I think.”

—My butler regressed?

“No, you made a wish for yourself, but he didn’t. He instead prayed for you to get a second chance in life, not him.”

—What are you talking about?

“Do you remember your butler’s name?”

—Of course. His name is… Huh?

Sylvia’s eyes narrowed. She couldn’t say the name. After a while, her frown disappeared. Taken aback, she blankly looked into space.

—Wait, this can’t be happening…

I calmly watched Sylvia.

Yes, the butler had never been called by his name. Not even Sylvia had ever called him by his first name even though he was her one and only butler and childhood friend. They didn’t have any need for formalities when they were alone in a room, but even then, she still only called him “Butler.”

“Butler.”

Raviel had also never called the butler by his first name. She had all the information of the empire at her fingertips, so there was no way she wouldn’t know about Lady Goldencup’s close butler.

“Butler.”

The person I possessed, Lady Goldencup’s butler, had been erased from this world because he had given everything to the Constellation. I had reached a complete immersion level as the butler before, but even I didn’t know his name. I couldn’t remember it, and that was how it was supposed to be.

The fire in Sylvia’s eyes died one spark at a time.

—Then, what…? My butler is gone forever?

“Yes.”

My guess was that this world had been rewound three times. First, Sylvia made a wish to Ruin-Harvesting Cow that she wanted to restart her life, and the Constellation granted it.

In her second life, Sylvia beat Raviel and became the empress. Afterward, the butler prayed to another Constellation that he wanted to turn back time.

It was unclear which Constellation had granted the wish, but because the butler sacrificed everything for Goldencup, time had been rewound once again. Everyone was returned to before Lady Goldencup married the crown prince—a time when nothing had been decided yet.

Finally, Raviel prayed to the Goddess of Protection’s fragment and accidentally triggered a time loop, trapping the world in an eternal loop of ten days.

That was how it all came to this moment.

“We’ll never get to know the butler’s name. Never.”

—…

“He’s gone, after all. We’ll never know how the butler felt as he served you or the reason he sacrificed everything to rewind time. Still, I’m sure he would have wanted you to live a different life. I want to grant his wish.”

—…

“Sylvia Evanail, someone whose name you won’t ever get to know sacrificed himself just for your sake without you even knowing. He loved you and wanted to be with you more than anyone else, but he gave up everything he had.”

That was the way that the nameless butler had loved her.

“Live again.”

It wasn’t too late.

“Just like he wanted.”

Sylvia’s mouth opened and closed, but no words left escaped her lips. Her hands and head trembled. She was shaking really badly. Her life was already cursed, so how bad could it be to know that someone wanted her to live again?

Her head slowly drooped, no longer having the strength to look straight ahead. Slowly, light leaked from her; she gave up the Constellation’s protection.

“Okay.” I raised my sword high after I turned Sympathy into Idol again.

Under the blazing sunset, the long shadow of my sword was cast on the ground. My shadow swung it, matching my movements.

[The apostle of Ruin-Harvesting Cow has been annihilated.]

The sun set completely. All the apostles from different worlds were defeated. The threats to this world were gone now.

[The stage has been cleared.]

The Tower confirmed as much. The Inquisitor and I were probably the only people in this world who could hear its voice.

[The twenty-fifth floor has been cleared today.]

It was the Tower’s voice.

[Announcement]

[The twenty-fifth floor has been cleared today.]

[Calculating the number of champions…]

[The calculation has been completed.]

[Announcing the three champions.]

Everyone who had been lost in their dreams due to the apostles’ lullaby—Preta, the Heavenly Demon Cult’s followers, and the guests—slowly woke up one by one.

“Ugh…”

“What in the world happened…?”

A system window appeared above them.

The Quest Clear Contribution List:

First Place: Death King

Second Place: Inquisitor

Third Place: None

I looked at the window in silence. The only two Hunters whom the Indoor Librarian had sent were me and the Inquisitor, yet the Tower showed three champions.

None…

The name of this nonexistent third champion didn’t show up.

I stared into space for a while. Eventually, Raviel came to my side and held my hand. We leaned against each other, shoulder to shoulder.

Raviel slowly looked around at the guests. “He’s my spouse and shall be the duke consort of Ivansia.”

The guests who had just woken up from their dream blankly looked at Raviel and me.

“Does anyone oppose this marriage?”

No one could say anything. Some would have been disgruntled or even opposed it, but it was all in the past now. The mere appearance of beings from different worlds was already earth-shattering, but these people had also witnessed me defeating those beings. That was precisely why my bride had chosen this day to hold the wedding.

The guests remained silent to express their obedience to Raviel.

She nodded. “Good. I now announce that he and I are husband and wife.”

Chapter 118

The Black Marriage (4)

The stage had been cleared. This world, the Story of Sormwin Academy, was now officially part of the Tower, and Hunters could explore it. Still, they couldn’t do it freely. The Five Guilds would definitely screen their trips first, like how an ordinary Hunter had to obtain a permit to enter the Aegim Empire.

In other words…

Whoosh!

Not long after the announcement of the cleared stage was made, white lights flashed.

Whoosh! Whoosh!

Light burst out from different directions at the wedding venue; Hunters were teleporting in.

“Death King! No, Kim Gong-Ja!”

As the light subsided, I saw familiar faces. They were the leaders of major guilds that could travel between floors at will without a permit. One of them was the Black Witch, the Rank 2 Hunter.

Huffing and puffing, she exclaimed, “How can you get married without telling us about it?! I oppose this wedding!”

I remained silent.

“You represent the Tower, Death King! The wedding should be held in Babylon, the first floor of our Tower, not here! It should be broadcast live around the world! This doesn’t count! This wedding doesn’t count at all!”

She wasn’t the only one to speak out.

The Sword Star, the Rank 1 Hunter, cleared his throat. “Ahem. First of all, congratulations on clearing this stage, Death King. I mean it. You romanced the Duke of Ivansia quite fast. I know it’s rude to say something like this here, but as your senior, let me just say—”

“Don’t.” I shook my head.

The Sword Star became quiet, trying to ease up on his boomer nature by cutting his nagging short.

“People in the Tower went crazy while you were clearing the stage, wondering why in the world you two fell in love. But I steadfastly took your side, Death King. Love at first sight is known only to those who have experienced it themselves. Don’t worry. I understand. Leave the Black Dragon Master to me; I’ll talk to her.”

The Paladin looked composed as usual, but she was holding her nose slightly high for some reason. She seemed to subtly say that she understood how I perceived the concept of love. I wasn’t sure what she meant exactly, though.

I looked back at Raviel, who looked impassive. However, because I loved her, I could see the sparkles of interest in her red eyes as she watched the group of newcomers.

“Gong-Ja. My love.”

“Yes, my love…”

“It seems a lot of introductions are in order.”

She was right. It was a bit late, but it was the time for them to meet.

* * *

I thought it was natural for the groom’s and bride’s families and acquaintances to meet before the wedding. However, there were cultural differences here too. It was the other way around in the empire.

“Isn’t it natural?” Raviel tilted her head. “Many family members live far away in the countryside, but even they are invited to a wedding when such an event takes place. The night of the wedding is when the bride, the groom, and the members of both families finally get to meet each other.”

“Ah, you’re right.”

I was convinced. Yes, marriage was also a union of families. Hunters had escaped from the outside world, so families were out of the question. However, it was different in the empire. A family’s will was much more important than an individual’s.

This wedding of ours was more than a union between families. It transcended worlds. Raviel represented the empire, just as I represented the Tower.

“Haha…” The imperial chief steward—my foster father—smiled bitterly the whole time. “I never imagined things would turn out like this… I don’t know how many pigeons I sent to His Majesty today. Now I’m not even sure what to write in my letters anymore.”

“Yes, it’s understandable, but it was never our intention to confuse the people of the empire by showing up unannounced,” the Black Witch replied. She was extremely calm, seemingly having never huffed and puffed at me.

The people in power from the empire and the Tower sat side by side at the table. They were wary yet equally bewildered of each other.

“But I believe this is an accidental fortune, not misfortune. Those of us from the Tower got to arrive in the empire and meet all of you for the first time on this joyous occasion.”

Still, they overcame their wariness and bewilderment to talk.

“You’re saying that you all are from another world, yes? This is not only an unusual phenomenon that will be difficult to explain to His Majesty, but it also cannot be easily announced to the public.”

The Black Witch nodded. She seemed used to diplomatic meetings like this, aware of how to tread the line to be both polite and competent. “Yes, I fully understand the empire’s reasons. However, sir, you must have witnessed the invasion of beings from other worlds. If a person denies reality, reality will someday deny them in turn. That is the future I’m worried about.”

“That is a good point.”

“Thank you, sir. What we have to work on going forward is mutual understanding even if it takes five, ten, twenty years, or more.”

Both sides talked calmly. It was inherently difficult for people in power to come together in one place. However, our wedding made that possible. Raviel had control of the people in the empire, and I had the complete trust of the people of the Tower. Our marriage was a great blessing for both sides. The start of our married life couldn’t have been better.

Sitting at the head of the table with Raviel, I reached under the table and grabbed her hand. She intertwined her fingers with mine as if it were the most natural thing in the world. This simple gesture was enough to reassure me.

It was late at night, and the stars were bright. As people conversed beside the candlelights swaying on the table, I couldn’t help but find everything beautiful.

“Raviel.”

“Go on,” she whispered.

“There are some people I would like to introduce to you, Raviel.”

“Other than those here?”

“Yes.”

“Then I should meet them.” Raviel stood up from the head of the table. The people on the empire’s side all fell silent. “We have a long night ahead of us today. Take your time to talk it out. I’m going to go out for a moment and meet my consort’s people.”

She was certainly the duke of Ivansia. No one could stop her from stepping out. If going out when one wanted was a sign of power, my spouse enjoyed omnipotence here.

I took Raviel to where all the Heavenly Demon Cult followers were sitting in groups.

The Sword Demon King cackled as he raised his glass. “Oh, Young Heaven! You’re a newlywed now!”

All the cult followers were drunk from the alcohol provided at the wedding. When the Sword Demon King saw me, he stood up and tried to greet me, but I waved him off. The cultists offered their bao-quan salute in their seats.

“Congratulations!”

“I offer you my utmost congratulations, Lord Young Heaven!”

“I like the booze here! It’s unique and tastes great!”

“Long live the Demonic Heaven!!”

“Wow, you two really look great together!”

With almost a thousand cultists going wild, the wedding venue quickly became noisy. There was nothing I could do about it.

I smiled bitterly. “Sword Demon King, please come here for a moment.”

“Huh?” The Sword Demon King blankly blinked, holding his glass. He looked like he hadn’t expected me to call him out.

The fellow drunken followers around him laughed.

“See? I knew Lord Young Heaven would give him a good scolding someday! “

“That idiot always forgets to add ‘lord’ while calling Lord Young Heaven.”

“Kick his ass, Lord Young Heaven!”

The Sword Demon King put down his glass and approached hesitantly. The spirit he had when he had beheaded the general of the ghost army had completely disappeared. He shrank down like a child who had made a mistake.

“I-I’m sorry, Young Heaven. I was never the academic type, so I don’t really know how formal speech works. Still, I think really good of you…”

As the Sword Demon King went on with his excuses, I put my hand on his shoulder. “Raviel, this is the Sword Demon King.”

“…”

“He’s the subordinate of my teacher. She was the leader of the Heavenly Demon Cult. From among the cultists, she selected four particularly outstanding people and called them the Four Demon Kings. He’s one of them.”

“Oh.” Raviel carefully observed the Sword Demon King, who flinched in response. “He seems like a simple yet genuine man. His manner of speech is rough, and his demeanor is unwavering. This proves that your teacher didn’t judge people based on appearances. Considering she found a valuable individual in a rough and barren place, she must have been a noble person.”

“…”

“My name is Raviel Ivansia. I’m the duke of the empire and the wife of the Young Heaven you serve. I hope we get along well.”

“Yes, yes. Um… nice to meet… you?”

I turned my head. “Moonlight Demon King.”

“…”

“Please come over here.”

One of the cultists stood up and then bowed politely. “Yes, Lord Young Heaven.”

A bizarre silence fell on the night sky. The drunk chattering died down. One by one, I called the Four Demon Kings, and they all greeted Raviel with utmost politeness.

Then, I called the person I believed should be introduced next. “Preta.”

“Yes, Master.”

“Come here.”

“Okay.”

Preta, who was sitting amid the cultists, stood up. She looked as if she had been waiting for my call. Her clothes were tidy.

“This is Preta. She was born as a nameless monster with the ability of a doppelganger. She could imitate what she had eaten. At first, Preta devoured animals such as frogs and snakes, but then accidentally ate a human, and…”

Preta kept her head low. Her shoulders would occasionally tremble faintly. The bizarre silence continued in the venue as I told Raviel their stories and, by extension, my own.

I was quietly retelling my followers’ stories under the night sky. That alone was sacred.

“And… Oh, yes.” I took off the holy sword from my belt. “This is Shiny.”

“Shiny?” Raviel asked.

“Yes, her real name is slightly better than that. She’s the Goddess of Protection, but a bad guy fooled her and sealed her in the swords. I felt like her real name was like a waste on her, so I just nicknamed her Shiny. Well, she shines… very brightly…”

“I see.” Raviel laughed quietly. “The nickname you gave is a bit cruel. It’s harsh. If it were up to me, I would have at least named her ‘Illuminaire.’”

[Shiny has pledged her allegiance to your spouse!]

Shiny quickly changed her mind about who she was loyal to.

Finally, I introduced the Guardian, my partner.

“Mmm… I also have a friend you’ll probably never get to see or meet in any way. He’s in a bit of an unusual situation that prevents him from coming out in front of other people. He cusses like a sailor, about thirty times more than the Sword Demon King. But he’s very strong. He was the first to teach me how to use my sword and aura.”

Smiling faintly, Raviel nodded. “He sounds like a great person to have in your life.”

Wearing a shabby martial arts suit like usual, the Guardian remained silent, his arms folded. Instead of talking like usual, he just looked at Raviel and me in silence.

“If it weren’t for him, I probably wouldn’t have been able to endure my time alone.”

“I see. Then it’s only right that I express my gratitude to that friend.” Raviel bowed, even though she didn’t see anyone in front of her. “I became happy after meeting Gong-Ja. If you, his friend, hadn’t helped him, my happiness wouldn’t have been possible. I’m grateful for all your help as it brought Gong-Ja here at this moment.”

—He’s one heck of a wacko, so please take good care of him.

On his behalf, I said, “If that friend had heard you, he would probably have asked you to take good care of me because I’m a wacko.”

“You have a wonderful friend.”

I took a deep breath. “Raviel, they are my everything.”

These were all the people I cared about. They had walked through the door to my heart and become my family.

Raviel grabbed my hand tightly. “My love.”

“Yes.”

“Let’s dance,” Raviel requested, her eyes serious.

I could never say no to her whenever she looked at me like this.

“I’ve never really danced before.”

“You would still have some of the butler’s memories left. Use them.”

“What if I accidentally step on your feet, Raviel? I’d rather kill myself.”

Instead of answering my question, Raviel bent down and took off her black shoes. A moment later, she stepped barefoot into the lawn. Her feet were white. Even though she had only taken off her shoes, she looked as light as the wind.

“Come on.” She gestured at me.

When I hesitantly took off my white shoes and socks, Raviel immediately took my hand and led me. One step. Two steps. She stepped on the flower petals on the lawn, turning the white magnolia and cherry blossom petals whiter.

No one said anything. There was no music or chandeliers found in fancy ballrooms. In this prom, it was just us and the moonlight that had settled on the flower garden like frost.

“See?” I smiled as I danced. “I’m a mess. I’ve already stepped on your feet three times. Dancing is really not my specialty. Are you planning to embarrass me to death?”

“It’s okay. I’ll step on your feet just as much too.” Raviel stepped on my foot with all her weight. She then laughed mischievously. “We’re even now.”

There was that smile that she showed only to me. She was my red jewel, my heart, and my music.

A moonlight chandelier shone down on our shadows.

Our dance ball wasn’t about not stepping on each other’s feet. Even if we did, we didn’t let go of each other until the end. Our dance was about smiling in the face of any misfortune, even if it was a faint smile, and then finding solace in each other’s eyes.

Yes. I only belonged to Raviel, and she was mine only.

We danced. The moonlight illuminated our surroundings, making up the ballroom for me and Raviel. With just the two of us, any world was our stage. Today we got married, and our next story would begin at a slightly higher stage.

Chapter 119

The Hero (1)

Fifteen days had passed since the meeting between the Tower representatives and the empire had taken place. A lot had happened in the meantime.

The Hunters and I had an audience with the emperor. Several secret agreements were made between the empire and the Tower, but I stepped aside from the turbulence of history being written so I could conclude an episode of my story.

“Shiny.”

[Shiny answers your call.]

In the bedroom that Raviel and I shared, a sword lay on a huge bed.

“Swallow it.”

The sword had once torn out my lover’s heart and trapped this world in an eternal ten-day loop. My holy sword released white light toward the very wicked Prayer.

[The Goddess of Protection is absorbing her fragment.]

The moment the white light reached Prayer, faint red energy bloomed from the sword. She immediately spewed a red mist of blood, seemingly trying to rebel against the white light that was trying to engulf her.

[Prayer is startled.]

[Idol persuades her sister.]

The white light and the red mist tossed and turned, but the mist was a little thicker. When the red mist was about to overwhelm the white light, energy of a different color flowed out from my holy sword.

[Sympathy also persuades her sister.]

The texture resembled black wastewater; the second sister sword I had taken under joined. The tide turned. The snow-white light and pitch-black wastewater ate away the red mist, which quickly decreased in size.

[Prayer is appalled by her sisters’ betrayal.]

[Prayer roars that she cannot serve a master other than Lefanta Aegim.]

I said, “I can guess why Lefanta Aegim killed the Constellations.”

The red mist stopped moving. It didn’t have eyes, but I glared at it as if I was making eye contact with Prayer. A calm tension settled between us.

“I couldn’t understand it at all at first, but after experiencing this world, I learned that these so-called Constellations invade other worlds as they please, trying to rule them in a way they see fit. People have been living in their world even before the invasion, but these Constellations just ignore them.”

The same could be said about the Indoor Librarian, even though he had different motivations. His interest wasn’t in ruling the world, but in observing people. Even the people who were doing well in their lives were designated as characters, and he voyeurized their stories. The Indoor Librarian was the same as other Constellations when taking into consideration his way of tailoring worlds to suit his tastes.

“It’s a nuisance.”

In one word, that was a form of violence.

“Lefanta Aegim used to be an emperor, so I’m sure he’s smart. He probably thought that killing the Constellations was a better plan than using them to gain power. There probably was a Constellation in this world too, and I’m pretty sure he killed them.”

[…]

“But your master made a mistake.” I lowered the holy sword. “If a Constellation dies and disappears, another one is born in their place. The Demon King of Autumn Rain emerged on the continent where the Goddess of Protection was sealed. The Silver-Plated Heart had appeared in this world. I can tell you for sure that your master isn’t solving anything. He’s creating bigger problems instead!”

[Prayer says Lefanta Aegim…]

“Go ahead. Tell me I’m wrong.”

The sword wrapped in red mist was silent.

“Perhaps my life experience lacks depth compared to that of your original master. Yes, your master probably went through tremendous hardships and knows much more than I do. He may have taken on the karma of becoming the Constellation Murderer only after long contemplation and agony,” I said with sincerity. “But there is something I wholly believe: if he did something, he has to take full responsibility for his actions.”

[…]

“Because your master went on a killing spree of Constellations, eternal winter arrived in another world. The martial artists who lived in that world turned into walking corpses. It’s an insult to them. Even if Lefanta Aegim has noble ideals, the consequences of what he did cannot be forgiven. He has to take responsibility.”

The red mist slowly gathered, taking on the shape of a human being. The sword, now looking like a child bathed in blood, spoke.

—My name is Prayer. I listen to people’s wishes. Lefanta Aegim prayed to me and said, “I’ll kill all Constellations so that they may never manipulate humans again.” His prayer was noble and grand, carrying a heavy weight. That is why I entrusted myself to Lefanta Aegim. What prayer do you have, human?

I looked down at the child. “I won’t run away from anything. As long as I’m alive and able to reach my enemies with my sword, I won’t turn a blind eye to what is happening around me. I won’t make excuses; I’ll take responsibility for my actions. I won’t ignore things that I think are wrong and say, ‘That’s just how the world is.’”

—Aaaah…

The red child looked up at nothing in particular.

—The road to hell is paved with goodwill. All I can do is bless your goodwill and stay by your side in hell.

It was a very solemn lament.

—My ability is Trial. Anyone whose heart is pierced by me will have their wishes tested. They’ll have to prove to themselves if their wish is really sincere and still want to achieve it even if it costs them everything. My cursed ability makes them give up on their wishes.

The child turned into the red mist again and dispersed.

[Prayer pays respect to her new master.]

[May you thrive in hell for a long time.]

Swish.

The mist was absorbed into my holy sword.

[The Goddess of Protection’s presence has become stronger.]

I could finally breathe with ease.

“Phew.”

This was roughly the last thing I had to complete before moving on to the next stage. There were still many things the empire and the Tower needed to talk about, but those involved politics, which was my spouse’s field of expertise.

When I came out of the bedroom, I encountered Raviel and a maid. My spouse, who had been waiting outside the door, asked, “Is it over?”

“Yes, Raviel. It’s all over. No more Constellations or fragments of Constellations can disturb this world, at least not for a while.”

“Three Constellations formed an alliance and sent in their apostles, but they still failed miserably. I assure you that no fool would dare to plan an invasion even after witnessing your feat.”

The maid standing next to Raviel had a sour look on her face, which was understandable. After all, she had invaded this world herself.

“It sounds like that is targeted at me, Your Grace. Am I imagining stuff?” Lady Goldencup muttered.

Right now, she was known as the young lady who had wielded a hammer after letting a treacherous demon possess her body. She was the victim, not the perpetrator.

However, even just rumors of demonic possession would be enough to tarnish one’s reputation. This was a critical problem for Lady Goldencup, who wanted to marry the crown prince in the future. Hence, to restore her honor, she would be serving Raviel for a while.

Well, it seemed like Lady Goldencup was having serious second thoughts about the marriage now.

“You have sharp ears. Yes, I was talking about you. Repent day and night on your foolishness, Lady Goldencup. If I feel like you’ve repented enough, I’ll use my connections at the temple and restore your honor. Until then, shut up and work for me and my spouse.”

“Ugh…” Lady Goldencup, who was wearing a maid’s uniform, bit her lip.

It was unfortunate for her, but she could never rebel against Raviel and me. The moment I deactivated Monster Legion Reincarnation, Goldencup would immediately crumble.

After taking in the end of this story, I said, “I’ll head to the next stage, Raviel.”

She met my eyes. “Yes, I believe it’s time. I do wish to explore a different world with you, but the empire needs me. Just as I have my own work, you also have yours. Go and run wild as much as you want, Gong-Ja. If you’re tired and miss my comfort, come back anytime. I’ll be here.”

“Yes, but…” After a short pause, I added, “U-uh, the Tower’s twentieth floor is mine. I would like to build a house there just for the two of us, if you also want that.”

Raviel smiled, reading my mind as if it were the most natural thing. “Oh? Is it going to be our main house? In my new home, I’ll get to be your spouse, not the duke of Ivansia. I’ll look forward to it.”

She took out a handkerchief embroidered with silver threads from her pocket, opened my hand, and quietly placed it in my grasp.

This…

“This is the handkerchief I carried around before. I had help and used magic to make the perfume last permanently on it. “

“Perfume?”

Raviel stood on her toes and placed her lip close to my ear, whispering, “It’s the lily-scented perfume you smelled when you fell in love with me.”

I was rendered speechless.

“You said that you feel the hilt of your weapon every time you try to calm yourself. That’s an awful habit. Get rid of it. Whenever your heart is turbulent, smell my handkerchief instead of feeling the hilt of your weapon.”

Aaaah…

“Gong-Ja, it isn’t your misfortune or pain that makes you who you are. At least I hope it isn’t. Your memories of me, your love for me, and the happiness you feel when we’re together—I wish these will keep you as you are. Will you grant my wish?”

“Yes.” I swallowed back the lump in my throat. “Yes, I will, Raviel.”

“I love you.”

“I love you too.”

I planted my lips on Raviel’s, hoping this moment would last forever. But we soon detached from each other.

“Send me back.”

Light enveloped me.

* * *

The next time I blinked, I was in the Great Library of All Life and could see the Hunters waiting for me.

“Welcome back, Death King,” the Black Witch said on behalf of everyone present.

As soon as I saw her, I realized she was in a bad mood despite her warm welcome. Her eyebrows were very furrowed.

“Uh, did something happen?”

“I wish I could say that’s not the case.” The Black Witch sighed. “But, yes, something did happen. Something pretty serious too.”

Now that I thought about it, it was a bit strange. There were only High Rankers around, including the Black Witch. Hunters such as the Chemist should have been present as well.

“Wait. Where are the others?”

“We had something to talk about, so we sent them away. What we’re going to discuss should remain confidential. Well, our meeting is being broadcast live in the Tower, but still…” The Black Witch’s voice ominously quieted down to a whisper.

“What in the world is going on?”

“Haha.” The Inquisitor laughed. No longer wearing the dress from the last stage, he was now dressed in his usual priest’s uniform. “If I were to sum up the problem at hand in one sentence, I would say that you’ve succeeded too much, Mr. Death King!”

“Pardon?”

“Think about it. In the Heavenly Demon Chronicle, you’ve shown genuine devotion to your teacher! Your respect for martial arts and how you comforted the cultists made the hearts of many Hunters swirl with emotions. After the Heavenly Demon Chronicle was cleared, thousands of martial artists from the outside world started entering the Tower every day for a while!”

The Paladin added, “Someone is filming the video being broadcast live in the Tower and is spreading it to the outside world. Actually, we allowed it to spread. Death King, your success makes a great advertisement on its own. We had no reason to stop this.”

The Countess fanned herself. “It looks like we may have taken it a little too lightly, though.”

“By ‘we took it lightly,’ you mean…”

“I’m talking about the influence a man—no, an icon like you, Kim Gong-Ja, has.”

What was she talking about? I couldn’t understand what was happening, so I looked at my fellow Hunters, who all appeared serious.

The Inquisitor, who always smiled regardless of whether the atmosphere was serious or not, responded, “113,654.”

“What?”

“That is the number of people who entered the Tower yesterday alone!”

I didn’t understand what the Inquisitor said. It took me a moment to realize that he had emphasized the word “yesterday.”

“Just yesterday?”

“Yes! The Tower only gets that many new residents when a war breaks out or if a country in the outside world falls. However, there has been no fighting recently except for small-scale local warfare! Hahaha, no country fell either! Even though the world is at peace, so many people entered the Tower!”

“Here’s the flier obtained from the outside world.” The Countess handed a piece of paper to me.

My face was drawn like a presidential candidate on an election campaign poster. Written below it was, Crown the King of Death! Head to Utopia!

“This mention of the King of Death is…”

“It’s obviously talking about your title, Death King. Fliers like this are being distributed in countless areas. Before you misunderstand, this wasn’t our doing at all. We definitely didn’t do this behind your back. People out there are doing this on their own.”

I didn’t know how to react.

The Paladin smiled bitterly. “As you may already know. But using flyers as a promotional tool is very rare. Do you get what I mean? Death King, flyers are used only when people who don’t use the internet need to be informed.”

“What are you talking about?”

“I’m talking about people in areas where the internet isn’t readily available, such as poor countries and regions under conflict or controlled by warlords. Countless poor people and refugees are entering the Babel Tower. They abandoned their countries, nationalities, and the lives they had in the outside world. Just like we did in the past,” the Paladin said.

The Viper crossed his arms. “Those people put on a black hat or a black top when entering the Tower. They say they want to join the Heavenly Demon Cult… Frankly, they joined the Tower because of you.”

“It’s not just the poor and refugees who are swarming in here,” the Black Witch said. “A lot of wealthy people are also coming in. Scientists, sociologists, and even professors who have joined the Tower with their colleagues are volunteering to help create a new society within the Tower.”

“…”

The Five Guild leaders looked at me.

“Kim Gong-Ja, you didn’t just conquer the Tower’s stages. In the outside world—no, everywhere—people want heroes who are courageous even in the face of difficulties, respectful to humans, and committed to his loved one,” the Black Witch added. “No one sets a bigger fire in people’s hearts than a good-willed hero who dedicates his life to protecting these qualities.”

She then took out her smartphone and showed the screen to me. “You’ve become our beacon.”

On the screen was the hologram always floating in the very center of the Babylon Plaza.

First Place: Sword Star

Second Place: Death King

Third Place: Black Witch

Fourth Place: Inquisitor

Fifth Place: Countess

Sixth Place: Viper

Seventh Place: Babel Linguist

Eighth Place: Broadband Communicator

Ninth Place: Paladin

The Tower had given me second place in the Hunter Ranking. I felt as if my heart was going to beat out of my chest.

“Death King.” The Black Witch took the smartphone away and looked straight into my eyes. She was more serious than I had ever seen before. “Are you ready to become our king?”

Chapter 120

The Hero (2)

King…

The corners of my mouth curved into a smile. After all, it was said that some people’s instinctive reaction was to smile when they encountered unexpected situations. I looked around, meeting the eyes of the Black Witch, the Inquisitor, the Viper, the Paladin, and the Countess one by one.

“You’re kidding, right?”

“Of course…” the Black Witch began.

I was hoping to hear “Of course, I was just joking,” but what she said next was completely different from what I expected.

“…we don’t plan to just establish a monarchy in the Tower out of the blue. Death King, you may not know this, but the others and I really put a lot of effort into building the Tower’s system… We created it after a series of trials and errors.”

“We’re trying to actualize the ideal anarchism in our own way,” the Inquisitor remarked. “Haha, a guild in the Tower is actually a type of union—”

“Stop. Telling Death King these things now won’t help him,” the Paladin interjected. “Being our king is just a symbolic gesture, but a symbol has power. That is the power you have right now, Death King. A hundred thousand people enter the Tower a day because they believe in your name and character.”

“…”

“Not even the Black Dragon Master was able to accomplish such a feat. You are the first Hunter of the Tower to have this unprecedented amount of power!”

Only then did I realize that the Paladin was more excited than usual. She was always composed; the only time she had ever raised her voice was during the incident on the twelfth floor. Everyone had forgotten about it by now, but back then, they had all been lost in their mistrust and tried to eliminate each other. Now, she was having trouble holding her composure again.

It wasn’t just her. Except for the Inquisitor, all of the Five Guild leaders had a strange air around them. The guild leaders were working hard to keep the small flame of excitement from turning into a burning frenzy. However, their excitement was clearly evident when they looked at me.

“In the past, we couldn’t handle this kind of population influx because there wasn’t enough food. But now that we’ve secured enough land and trade routes… we can feed the newcomers even though it may be difficult.”

“Above all, we have experience,” the Countess said. “I’m not bragging, but all the guild leaders here have been through chaotic and difficult times. The Paladin used to be a nomad because of her country’s fall. The Black Dragon Master is an orphan from a country devastated by a civil war. The Inquisitor and the Viper suffered at the hands of the mafia and gangsters since childhood. I was born in the poorest village in the world.’”

“That’s right,” the Black Witch murmured. “We’re the only ones in this world who can deal with this kind of crisis. It’s impossible for any country in the outside world, but we can do it! We overcame greater mayhem than this!”

I watched the guild leaders’ heated discussion. They had abandoned the old world and fled to this new one. Even after rising to the top, they still didn’t give up their desire to build a new world.

The Black Witch clenched her fists. “Death King, we can do it. Let’s accomplish what no country in the outside world has been able to do. These people were kicked out of their land and left with no choice but to run away here. Let’s create a world where they can live with some peace of mind!”

This was their ideal and dream.

“We know what it’s like for a society to fail, so we can avoid making failures.”

The Paladin had fled from a certain country in South America.

“We’ve lived through people being divided in wartime, so we know how to prevent a civil war.”

The Black Witch had survived the Black Sea region, which was engulfed in war.

“We know what violence looks like and how to make it work in our favor.”

The Inquisitor had been raised among an Eastern European mafia family, and the Viper had grown up in the Triad in the Central Plains of China.

“We’ve experienced what poverty is, so we can beat it.”

The Countess had been born in a poor village in India.

“Let’s show them, Death King,” the Black Witch said. “Let’s show the people that we can make the world a little better!”

At that moment, I realized that I was the one who had changed the guild leaders. Nothing like this had ever happened before. In a world where the Fire Emperor had been taking everything for himself as the Rank 1 Hunter, the Tower was still just the Tower. It was the refuge for those who had lost hope and the paradise for criminals and death row inmates.

Even before my regression, I had never seen the Black Witch talk about a new world with her eyes sparkling. In all her magazine photos or even in any interviews, her eyes had always been cold. However, she had changed because of me.

My heart pounded hard as I thought of the world that Teacher had dreamed of.

“Please… tell me what I should do,” I said in a quiet voice.

I could change the world.

“I knew you would say that.” The Black Witch smiled softly, looking at me with trustworthy eyes. “You just have to be yourself, the same person you’ve always been. That’s the most important thing. Getting used to politics is something we can help you with step by step.”

“Hahahaha. If you think about it from a messed-up perspective, this can be misinterpreted as us monopolizing the real power and using you just for your pretty face, Mr. Death King!”

“Well, I won’t deny that. But I also want to hand over this position to someone else as soon as possible. Do you know how many violent crimes are happening every day?”

“Oh, crimes disguised as religious acts are also very common! In the past ten days, twenty-one terrorist attacks planned by extremists have been discovered before they were put into motion!”

“Let’s stop talking about this. It just makes us look more miserable…”

Hmm… The most important thing is for me to be myself. If so…

With that thought in mind, I looked around. “Sir! Mr. Librarian! Where are you?!”

My voice echoed through the huge library. From behind a bookshelf the size of a house, a small shadow peeked out its head—the Indoor Librarian. I hadn’t seen him in a long time.

“What are you doing over there? Why not come over?”

“B-but… But…” The Indoor Librarian’s lip trembled. “A minikin like me shouldn’t dare even look you in the eyes! I’ll befoul your sight. Please treat me like a non-existent speck of dust floating in the library…”

“Oh, stop with this nonsense already. Just come over here.”

“Eww. Ugh. eww…” The Indoor Librarian floated toward me in self-loath, his long sleeves fluttering exactly like the ears of a discouraged Maltese puppy. “Please, go on…”

“Please show us the book that would serve as our next stage.”

“What kind of apocalyptic book do you want?”
