	Above all, I had a Skill that specialized in dealing with goblins.

	[The Skill High Society of Goblins has been activated.]

	“Gorrr! Gorrrr!” The Goblin King held up its staff, directing the monsters around it.

	It was similar to a human saying, “Stop them, you fools!”

	I roared at the Goblin King in perfect Goblinian!

	“Goorrrrr!”

	“G-gorr?”

	“Gorrrrrr!”

	“Gorrrr?” The Goblin King was visibly confused, which naturally made the monsters around panic too.

	The humans didn’t stop marching. The Goblin King could have used the moment to stop them, but it had lost its last chance. Only then did the Goblin King realize that it had been deceived.

	“Gorrrrr?” it sputtered.

	However, it was too late.

	“It was good gorrring with you!” I infused my holy protector sword with aura and chopped down at the Goblin King.

	The holy sword smoothly sliced through the Goblin King’s head like a hot knife through butter. Something hard—which I assumed to be its neck bones—stopped the sword for a moment, but before it could let out a proper scream, its head went flying in the air.

	The general slowed down his horse and shouted, “The hero took out the enemy leader!”

	He wasn’t speaking to me. It was meant for his soldiers. The general focused his aura into his neck so that his voice could be heard over the chaos of the battlefield. The cavalry riding near the general immediately understood what their commander was trying to do.

	“The enemy leader is dead!”

	“The goddess’s hero has slain the enemy leader!”

	The word passed from the general to his entourage, and from his entourage to his officers. The message relayed on and on until it reached every last soldier, echoing over the battlefield like thunder.

	The regiments waved their flags and cheered wildly. This battlefield had claimed their comrades and nearly drowned them in monsters, but the soldiers could finally rejoice.

	I got off the horse and looked around. My eyes met those of a flag bearer. He seemed to have lost his arm during the battle, and held up the flag with only his right arm. However, he smiled from ear to ear and raised the dirty, stained flag higher. The warm sunlight shone down on it.

	“Glory to the Aegim Empire!”

	We were victorious.

	“Wipe out the stragglers!”

	“Attack! Attack! Spare no monster!”

	The tide of the battle had turned completely.

	Krrr, krrrr.

	Howl!

	The monsters, who used to be like ferocious beasts, began to run away.

	“Huh?”

	“Look at those bastards.”

	The Hunters’ expression changed. Although all-out war wasn’t their specialty, hunting down lone, scattered monsters was a different story. The Hunters bared their fangs and went after the goblins and orcs.

	“Kill them all!”

	The hunt was on. It was a one-sided massacre and didn’t take long to come to an end. Soon, a voice was heard in our heads. It was as clear and loud as the general’s victory cry.

	[Stage Clear!]

	[Announcement.]

	[The eleventh floor has been cleared today.]

	[Announcement.]

	[The eleventh floor has been cleared today.]

	It was the sound of victory.

	“Woahhhh! Is this for real?”

	“We’re so strong!”

	“All hail the Black Dragon Guild!”

	Now the Hunters, like the soldiers, broke into celebration. Some threw their hats in the air, like they had done in the Plaza. I could see several Hunters hugging each other.

	They advanced like an angry tide, and it took less than a day to clear the eleventh floor! It was a remarkable achievement.

	[Calculating the number of champions…]

	[The calculation has been completed.]

	[The number of champions has exceeded the maximum limit.]

	[Selecting the top ten champions.]

	The Hunters looked up and watched the light turn into a long list.

	The Quest Completion Contribution List:

	First Place: Kim Gong-Ja

	Second Place: Sword Star

	Third Place: Inquisitor

	Fourth Place: Viper

	Fifth Place: Paladin

	Sixth Place: Black Witch

	Seventh Place: Countess

	…

	Familiar names filled the list, but the increasingly loud buzz among the Hunters didn’t concern them.

	“Huh? The first place doesn’t have a title?”

	“Sword Star is in second place?”

	“Wait, Kim Gong-Ja is…”

	It hadn’t been long since the media had disclosed my name, so it was natural for the Hunters to not recognize it. However, it didn’t take long for someone from the crowd to shout, “Oh, it’s the tenth-floor champion!”

	“That’s right! The champion’s name is Gong-Ja!”

	“Wait, a Hunter the Tower hasn’t even given a title became the top champion again?”

	“Is he a martial artist who came out of seclusion…?”

	—Hmph. No way he is. He’s just a skilled weasel… The Guardian pouted.

	Why don’t you admit that the Tower’s system is GOTY?

	—I can’t admit it! I won’t admit it! The Guardian turned his back on me petulantly.

	It looked like he was sulky because I’d neglected my sword training. This ghost… had the tendency to value people’s basic abilities over their Skills.

	I smiled bitterly. I’ll train my swordsmanship before I complete the twentieth floor. Don’t get too angry.

	—What? Really? The Guardian turned ever so slightly.

	Yeah, of course. I’m with the Sword Emperor, so I have to learn everything you can teach me. You cleared the ninety-ninth floor, after all. I should be begging you to teach me.

	—That is right! Man, you finally recognize my true value, Zombie. You know, the stages were a little different from those of your Tower, but nothing could stop me in the Tower from my world. The eleventh floor was just a light exercise!

	The Guardian spun around in the air as if he’d never been sullen.

	Oh, it was so easy to please this ghost. I had no idea anyone could be this simple.

	As I watched the Guardian’s air show, the general approached me.

	“Hero of the goddess.”

	He was covered in monster blood, but his face was clean. Maybe he had cleaned it before he came to look for me.

	“Thanks to you, we could win. Thank you. You have my eternal gratitude.” The general beamed.

	“No, it was a team effort.”

	“Hahahaha.” The general awkwardly scratched his cheek. “I guess I was worried about nothing.”

	“Pardon?”

	“The temple gave us a prophecy long ago. The Demon King’s legion will arrive, but heroes from a different world will also be summoned someday. Therefore, we don’t have to worry… I was skeptical about the prophecy. This world isn’t even theirs, so I believed that it was unlikely for these heroes to fight for us. But I was worried for nothing.” The general smiled. “I would like to thank you again.”

	The general held out his hand, offering me a handshake. Although we were from different worlds, handshakes carried similar meanings in both of our worlds. Perhaps this was because humans in both worlds had two hands.

	“Please keep up your great work.”

	“I’ll try.” I laughed quietly.

	We shook hands.

	[Calculating the rewards…]

	[The calculation has been completed.]

	[Preparing the rewards for the top ten champions.]

	A light enveloped me. It wasn’t just me—pillars of light emerged from all across the battlefield. One, two, three, four… A total of ten light pillars shot into the sky.

	[The top ten champions will enter the twelfth floor first.]

	[The remaining champions cannot enter the twelfth floor until the top ten champions receive their rewards.]

	[Announcement.]

	[Before the top ten champions…]

	That was bad news for the eleventh or twelfth Hunter, but the reward system was quite fair.

	“Please protect the empire,” the general said before the light pillar covered my vision.

	And we were summoned to the twelfth floor.

Chapter 25

The Chosen Ones (1)

	—Hey, hold up. Gramps Marcus is one of the top ten champions, so you all are teleported to the twelfth floor, he’ll lose it as soon as he sees you and attack. How are you going to deal with that? the Guardian asked as the light around me became brighter.

	Don’t worry. It’s fine. The worst thing that can happen is I die.

	—Kim Zombie, you… The Guardian’s eyebrows twitched, which was a sign that he was about to start nagging.

	Oops.

	I’m saying that it’s fine because I have a plan, I quickly added. I’m Kim Gong-Ja. The Sword Emperor-certified weasel! Trust me on this.

	—You really have a plan?

	Of course! It’s concrete. I’ll show you soon.

	—Ahem. The Guardian crossed his arms, unsure of my answer.

	Whether he liked it or not, it was already too late. The teleportation of the top ten champions had already begun, and I had no way of escaping this light. I had to face the Sword Star and deal with whatever future was waiting for me. I closed my eyes.

	[The teleportation has been completed.]

	When I opened my eyes again, I was already on the twelfth floor. It was completely different from the eleventh floor. While the eleventh floor was the intense, messy battlefield where people fought for their very lives, the twelfth floor was the luxurious palace of the Aegim Empire.

	…No. I looked around. I guess imperial politics is as intense and messy as an actual war.

	The other top ten champions were teleported to the palace’s audience chamber one after another. I had never met some of them, but most of them, like the Black Witch and Countess, I had met yesterday. They were the leaders of the major guilds for a reason.

	“Oh?”

	“Hmmm.”

	My eyes met those of the other Hunters. Each reacted differently. Some gave me a bright smile as if they knew I would be here first, but there were other Hunters who frowned. Evidently, they had not expected me to take first place again.

	“Mr. Kim, that was marvelous!” the Inquisitor exclaimed. He was a clear case of the former. “I had fun watching your brilliant performance on the eleventh floor! I never thought about using NPCs like that. I was impressed!”

	With his small stature, he looked like a puppy as he came running to me.

	“Is the sword on your belt a special item? I noticed that the NPCs began to follow your lead the moment after they saw it. Is it your reward for clearing the tenth floor?”

	“Well, yeah…”

	“I knew it!” The Inquisitor looked up at me, brimming with positivity. “You used the reward from the tenth floor to achieve the greatest results on the eleventh floor. You’re pretty resourceful, aren’t you!”

	“Ummm, well, it’s not that special…”

	“People will be jealous of you, Mr. Kim. They’ll treat you like a Hunter who just got lucky, but ignore them all! All your achievements are built on your skills!”

	Is he an angel? I wondered.

	—Hey, Kim Zombie! Idiot! the Guardian yelled all of a sudden. His voice was urgent, different from his usual teasing tone. Be careful! Behind you…!

	Before the guardian could finish speaking, an incident broke out. The first one to react was the Inquisitor.

	“Hmm.” His smile vanished for the first time and his eyes narrowed. He pulled on my wrist, causing me to lose balance and stumble a step toward him, allowing him to push me behind him and take my original position.

	“Divine Formula: Carnal Body.”

	I heard a loud clang of metal hitting something hard. It wasn’t some random piece of metal—it was a sword, swung with the clear intention to kill.

	“Haha.” The Inquisitor laughed, but his eyes were cold. “This is a surprise, Sword Star. When did you change your occupation to assassin?”

	“Move,” the Sword Star coldly commanded. The senior gentleman in a suit was pointing his long sword at the Inquisitor and me. No, I was wrong. He was only pointing it at me.

	“I’m going to kill him.”

	* * *

	A tense silence filled the chamber. My skin stung as if the air were charged with electricity. Only the Inquisitor’s remained unaffected.

	“Excuse me,” he said, his cheerful tone unchanged, “but are you talking about Mr. Kim Gong-Ja?”

	“Exactly,” the Sword Star answered. “If you won’t move, I’ll take one of your arms.”

	The corners of the Inquisitor’s mouth rose slightly. “Now that’s quite a problem! I can’t move out of your way right now. Mr. Kim earned the recognition of not only my Pantheon but also the rest of the Five Guilds!”

	“Young man, you really have no attachment to your arm, do you.”

	“That’s a bit of a problem too! I still need both of my arms for a variety of purposes.” The Inquisitor tilted his head and smiled. “Can you tell me why you’re after Mr. Kim?”

	“I have no obligation to do that.”

	“Is there no way to make you give up?”

	“No, there isn’t. Just get out of my way already,” the Sword Star demanded.

	Yes, the Sword Star didn’t know about my Skill, so from his perspective, I was a butcherer who had killed over four thousand people. I could understand his reaction.

	“I’ll tell you again. I’m going to kill him.”

	“Hmm! Then I guess there’s no other choice.” The Inquisitor pressed his hands together. “I’ll have to subdue you here. Divine Formula: Teleportation.”

	Just then, a flash of light behind the Sword Star introduced two more Hunters to the scene: the Viper of the OJP Sect and the Paladin, the assistant leader of the Watchmen League. Both Hunters, well-known for their skills in close combat, let out a shout and swung their weapons at the Sword Star.

	“You flies…” The Sword Star clicked his tongue, and immediately launched his first attack. It only took two aura strikes for the Paladin’s cheek to be scratched and the Viper to end up with a cut in his arm. Everything happened in a flash.

	“Y-you’re a monster, old man! What in the hell do they feed you! Why are you still so energetic?! Get old already! Retire! Because of people like you, young people like me can’t shine!” the Viper spitefully screamed.

	“You’re already over forty, too,” the Sword Star scoffed. “In the eyes of truly young people, you’re also old.”

	“Don’t be ridiculous! Forty is still the prime of life. Actually, it’s the true beginning of li—”

	“Mr. Viper, you are old! And you look old too!”

	“Is that damn preacher really on the same side as me?”

	“Phew.” The Paladin sighed. “Focus on the opponent in front of you, Mr. Viper. We’re already at a disadvantage here.”

	She didn’t drop her guard. If anything, she was only growing more wary. The Inquisitor, the Viper, and the Paladin—no less than three High Rankers—were surrounding the Sword Star, but he continued to stand tall.

	“We definitely are,” the Inquisitor agreed. He turned to his reinforcements, beaming. “Miss Countess!”

	“What?”

	“Please give me some money!”

	“How much do you need?”

	“Fortunately, the Sword Star hasn’t gone mad. Subduing him for a moment will suffice. I’ll need ten thousand gold, please!”

	The Countess drew her fan. “The compound interest will be fifteen percent. You can make monthly payments. I won’t ask for interest in the first three months. Does that sound okay to you?”

	“Hahaha! You misunderstood me! I didn’t ask you to lend me money. I asked you to give me some money.”

	“Huh? Are you forcing a donation out of a merchant?”

	“That’s right! You made that money with foul deeds anyway. Donate it in the Pantheon. I’ll put it to good use, and you can go to heaven!”

	“You’re a worse robber than me…” The Countess shook her head but pulled out a pouch decorated with a snail pattern. She untied the golden string around the pouch’s mouth. “Withdraw ten thousand gold.”

	A small fortune of gold coins poured out. The pouch was probably a very rare item. Once the Countess had made a steep hill of cold coins, she closed her pouch.

	“Here you go, Mr. Priest. It’s exactly ten thousand gold.”

	“Well received!” The Inquisitor clapped his hands together, smiling as always. “Divine Formula: Devotion!”

	The pile of gold shone brightly, its light filling the chamber. The Inquisitor, positioned in the center, moved his hands swiftly.

	“Divinity Transfer: Physical Enhancement; targets, the Paladin and the Viper. Duration is three hundred seconds for both targets. The gold will never leave your hands. The Divine Formula Incantation is completed!”

	Inexplicably, the gold vanished without a trace. In exchange, the Paladin and the Viper shone with the same kind of light that the gold coins had. It resembled aura.

	“Now.” The Inquisitor spread his arms. “The Paladin and the Viper are going to be significantly stronger for the next three hundred seconds, Sword Star! You’re strong, but you’re dealing with me, the Countess, the Paladin, and the Viper. It’ll be difficult to withstand attacks from all four of us!

	“Besides, the Countess’s safe isn’t empty yet. Haha! To be honest, I don’t think that day will ever come! I encourage you to test it out! Which one will happen first? Will the Countess go broke first? Or will you lose your head?”

	The Countess pouted. “Why are you putting my innocent safe on the line? I just made a donation because a priest asked for one. Phew. It’s so hard to be an honest merchant in the Tower and outside…”

	The Black Witch, the Rank 2 Hunter and the Black Dragon Guild leader, looked at the Sword Star.

	“…Let me add that you will have to deal with more than four of them,” she announced in a cold voice. “I will fight you with them. Mr. Kim Gong-Ja and the Five Guilds have made an official treaty with all of the guild leaders present.”

	The Sword Star frowned. “A treaty, you say?”

	The Black Witch nodded. “Yes, that’s what I said. Mr. Kim joined all the Five Guilds. In return, we promised to treat him as equal to us, Sword Star. If you’re pointing your sword at him, it’s the same as attacking all of us. And by ‘we,’ I’m talking about the Five Guilds.” The Black Witch pulled out a handful of mirrors. “The Black Dragon Guild, the MA, the Pantheon, the OJP Sect, and the Watchmen League.”

	One, two, three… A total of six mirrors floated around the Black Witch like hounds trying to protect their master.

	“Can you really handle all of us, Sword Star?” she asked.

	All five Hunters leveled their weapons at the Sword Star.

	Yes, even if the Sword Star is formidable, he isn’t strong enough to make all Five Guilds his enemies, I thought.

	It was for this moment that I had made the treaty with the guild leaders.

	The day I would become stronger than the Sword Star might come someday—no, I was going to make it happen. However, it wasn’t going to happen today or tomorrow, which meant that I needed a solution until that day came.

	I suppressed a smile. Do you remember what I said on the eleventh floor?

	—What?

	There are two ways to deal with a powerful enemy.

	Either become a one-man army or build an army of my own.

	The Sword Star is a solo player.

	But I was different.

	On the other hand, I already have allies.

	That was why I would win a fight against the Sword Star every time, at least right now.

	See? This is my plan. Applause, please.

	—Tsk, tsk. Do you really have to prove you’re a weasel every time…? The Guardian sighed. However, he didn’t look too upset. He seemed quite satisfied with the fact that I had actually come to the twelfth floor with a working plan. The ghost may not show it, but he worried about me a lot.

	“Mr. Sword Star.” I took a step forward, catching the attention of all the Hunters in the audience chamber. I looked straight into his eyes and offered him a composed smile. “Can we talk for a moment?”

	Listen up. Gongja is talking.[1]

* * *

	1. Gongja is Confucius in Korean. It’s said that Confucius liked to talk with people because it was a chance to gain new wisdom. ☜

Chapter 26

The Chosen Ones (2)

	“…You want to talk?” the Sword Star repeated. His voice dripped with disbelief.

	“Yes—I am truly perplexed.”

	I stood in the center of the audience chamber, the twelfth-floor stage inspired by a certain empire’s palace. My voice was low, but it rang out clearly.

	“I don’t understand why you would attack me. I’m sure it’s your first time seeing me, although I’ve been a fervent admirer of your sophisticated sword arts. I’m at a loss. Why would you want to kill me all of a sudden?”

	The Sword Star’s face darkened, although I was only speaking the truth.

	Yeah, of course he’s angry.

	I understood why his expression was so tense. The night I had first met the Sword Star, though he wouldn’t remember it anymore, he had roared at me as soon as he had seen me.

	“I know you’re one of the Black Dragon Guild’s elite assassins.”

	“I don’t know if the Black Witch sent you or someone else, but I will not hold back anything!”

	He had and was suspecting me of being an assassin—an assassin whose hands were drenched in blood after killing countless people under the Black Dragon Guild’s command. Actually, his doubts may have gone even further.

	Perhaps he thinks I’m a super secret assassin trained by all the Five Guilds.

	—Well, you do look really weird to other people. The Guardian nodded.

	That is true.

	I had shown up and become a new hero when no one had expected me. Despite being a Class E Hunter, I had cleared a stage when no one could. I was now in a treaty with the Five Guilds and was promised equal standing with the leaders…

	I’m too suspicious.

	—Exactly. In Gramps Marcus’ eyes, you haven’t made it on your own. You’re a fake hero, created by the Five Guilds from beginning to end. Tsk, tsk. Zombie, you said your kill count is around 4090, yes?

	It’ll probably show up as 4093 now.

	—Yeah. In Gramps’s eyes, 4093 isn’t just the number of people you killed. He believes you don’t work alone, you were raised to be the Five Guilds’ minion. To sum it up…

	He thinks that’s the number of people that the Five Guilds assassinated using me.

	All “evidence” pointed to the major guilds, the de facto rulers of the Tower, all being in it together. Although it was just the Sword Star’s misunderstanding… he would be disgusted by the sight in front of him. Four thousand and ninety three victims.

	If the Sword Star had been just a little less committed to justice, he would have stood down. However, he didn’t know how to compromise—though even if he had known, he still would have refused.

	“Ha. Babylon is no better than the outside world. Every day since I entered the Tower, all of you tried to seduce me into joining your guilds, but I always said no. Do you know why?” The Sword Star tightened the grip on his sword. His hands were old and creaky, but the power in his wiry muscles hadn’t aged in the slightest. A lion’s mane may thin over age, but his fangs remained sharp. “Blood ties, nationalities… People in the outside world are so bound by them that it reeks.

	“I want to show Babylon that, unlike the outside world, one can stand at the zenith with only their sword, their abilities, and their effort.” The Sword Star glared at the crowd, his sapphire eyes gleaming like the finely honed edge of a sword. “That is the hope I want to bring, which is why I didn’t join any of your gangs. This, though?”

	The Sword Star pointed his sword at the five guild leaders.

	“You are rotten to the core.”

	He was basically declaring war on the guilds. The guild leaders reacted in their own ways. The Inquisitor continued to smile as if it meant nothing to him—however, most of the guild leaders’ faces were stained with anger, humiliation, or ire.

	“Sword Star, out of all the people in the world, you can’t…”

	“Ha! You must have gone senile already, old man! Did you already forget that you’re the only one who sat out while we cleared the fifth floor?!”

	“He has a point, Mr. Carlenbery. If you used your outside connections to help us, our food shortages would be less severe, and my MA…”

	The guild leaders clamored to air their grievances. The Hunters here had known each other since the beginning of the Tower, so perhaps they had many unresolved grudges. Their emotional outbursts quickly muddled the situation, making them forget why they were in the audience chamber.

	“If you’re the Rank 1 Hunter, you should have acted like it, but you act all high and mighty. That’s why you survived. Do you know how many Hunters we could have saved if it weren’t for your ego?” the Black Witch spat.

	“No, it isn’t just the fifth floor. If we had your help on the seventh and ninth floors, old man, we could have reduced our casualties by half!” The Viper of the OJP Sect palpably radiated bloodlust.

	“Since you used to be part of a prestigious noble family in the outside world, you could have secured order in the Tower, unlike what it is now.” The Countess from the MA gave the Sword Star a menacing glare. “You think we’re rotten? Fine. Then you’re just an irresponsible child.”

	It was a disaster. Even after facing the guild leaders’ unfiltered spite and bloodlust, the Sword Star just frowned.

	“Be quiet,” he demanded. “All of you are adults but you talk on and on… Do you think I’m your grandfather or something? Drop it. If you have a problem with me, fight me.”

	His remark was like pouring oil into an already roaring fire. The air in the audience chamber became irreversibly hostile. Only the Guardian was impressed. He didn’t know how to read the room.

	—Man! That’s my Gramps Marcus. He’s my only student, alright. There’s nothing more disgusting than Hunters yapping about social connections and politics. If they have time to care about that, they should practice their sword some more!

	He had a point, but… the sight rather made me sad.

	“We fight, even when there’s only ten of us.”

	The Hunters paused just as they were about to cross the point of no return, and looked at me.

	I sighed. “Even the NPCs on the eleventh floor came together to protect their empire. But look. We, Hunters, are screaming and blaming each other. Isn’t it a bit embarrassing to be worse than NPCs?”

	“…Mr. Kim,” the Black Witch said, “this matter has nothing to do with you, and it’s much more serious than you th—”

	“Yeah, I know. I know, but we’re Hunters. And we have a job to do.” I looked around the audience chamber. “Let’s focus on clearing the twelfth floor. It’s good to give hope to people. I think it’s also cool that you guys try to minimize casualties while clearing the Tower, but please focus on clearing the floor we’re on right now first.”

	I looked pointedly at the Sword Star.

	“Yes, they’re just NPCs… but their empire is in danger. And they’re asking for our help—the heroes—but we’re too busy fighting among ourselves to care about their safety in the slightest. How embarrassing is that?”

	“You…”

	I meant what I said. Besides, the Sword Star couldn’t keep threatening me here due to the clear difference in power. Therefore, my priority now was clearing the twelfth floor. That was it. I didn’t really care about the complicated emotional or political conflicts between the Hunters.

	“A hero isn’t anything special. It’s just a person who solves a problem that others can’t. We already cleared the eleventh floor, so let’s take care of the other stages too.”

	Fortunately, the Paladin, the Watchmen League’s assistant leader, stepped up and took my side. “Mr. Kim is right. We got too worked up. I still don’t understand why the Sword Star attacked Mr. Kim, but it’s clear that this isn’t the time to fight among ourselves. “

	Although the Paladin tried to mediate, no one let their guard down. The Sword Star, Viper, Countess, and Inquisitor were all ready to attack at the slightest provocation. Words… weren’t enough to persuade them because of the distrust that had accumulated over the years.

	“Phew.” The Paladin sighed. It looked like she’d reached the same conclusion I had. “Fine. I guess there’s no other choice. I’ll make a bit of a sacrifice here.”

	That caught all of the Hunters’ attention.

	The Paladin quietly said, “Open my Skill Card.”

	Faint light floated up from the Paladin’s hand, revealing a silver card. Other people could not see a Hunter’s Skill Card without their permission.

	“…Paladin.” The Black Witch sounded worried.

	A Skill was a Hunter’s secret weapon, so showing their Skill Card to other people like handing them a loaded gun. That was why High Rankers were reluctant to reveal their Skill Cards. However, the Paladin did it without hesitation.

	“It’s fine. It doesn’t matter. Everyone, look.”

	Lie Detector

	Class: A-

	Effects: You can tell if the target is lying or not. It works not only on humans but also on NPCs and monsters! However, what the target considers to be truth may actually be a lie objectively. It ultimately depends on you to trust the other party.

	※However, there is no guarantee people will trust you.

	Lie Detector! My eyes widened. That was the Skill that the Fire Emperor had falsely claimed to have. It turns out that the Paladin had it all along.

	That Skill suits the assistant leader of the Watchmen League really well!

	The Watchmen League was a guild that maintained order in the Tower. Naturally, the Tower had many criminals. Even the Fire Emperor and the Sword Star—the former and current Rank 1 Hunters—had murdered me when no one was around. This was the kind of world Hunters lived in, so a lie detector would be incredibly useful for identifying criminals.

	“As you can see, I have the ability to tell if a person is lying, Sword Star.” She waved the card. “It’s no exaggeration to say this is the Skill that made me the assistant leader of the Watchmen League.”

	“…What are you trying to say?”

	“If you choose to believe me, you can ask any question to Mr. Kim here. I’ll tell you if he’s lying or not.” The Paladin calmly looked back and forth between the Sword Star and me. “It’s the same for you, Mr. Kim. I can vouch for your answers if you trust me. Doubt is an insidious poison, and truth is its strongest antidote. It isn’t going to be enough to recover all the trust we’ve lost, but we’ll be able to cooperate on the twelfth floor.”

	“Hmmm…” The Sword Star stroked his beard contemplatively.

	Woah, this couldn’t have gone better if I tried, I thought.

	A golden opportunity had practically fallen out of the sky. It really was the perfect answer. The reason why the Sword Star had begun to suspect me was his Skill, Detective Eyes. It was only natural to use a Skill to resolve the suspicions created by another Skill!

	“I like the idea,” I immediately answered.

	It was better to accept this kind of offer as soon as possible.

	“…Miss Paladin, you’re the only person here who hasn’t killed any humans,” the Sword Star mused. “Okay, I’ll trust you on this, too.”

	The Paladin nodded. “I’ll take that as a yes from both of you. Then, Sword Star, you can begin asking questions to Mr. Kim. I swear on my honor and that of the Watchmen League’s to keep this questioning fair and unbiased.”

	The Sword Star glared at me grimly, as if the moment he had been waiting for had finally arrived. He looked certain of his victory. He was probably already thinking that he was about to show the world how insidious a person I was.

	—No… No… Gramps Marcus… You geezer, this is why I always tell you and Zombie not to rely on your Skills too much. Those who rely on their Skills will be betrayed by them! No… No… the Guardian lamented.

	Unfortunately, the Guardian’s voice didn’t reach the Sword Star because he was my ghost.

	Be quiet.

	“Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.”

	“Yes,” I replied.

	“You murdered over four thousand people, didn’t you?” The Sword Star pointed at me with his free hand. It somehow felt like a scene from a movie where the hero listed the villain’s wrongdoings.

	I smiled. “I did.”

	“See?! You wretched people, I will use any means and find out what you’ve been using this assassin for. When I do that, I shall reveal it to the wo—”

	“He’s lying,” the Paladin said.

	“What!?”

	“He’s lying,” the Paladin calmly repeated. “Mr. Kim answered your question with yes. He lied. In other words, Mr. Kim did not kill over four thousand people. Do you have any more questions?”

	The Sword Star was silent. Meanwhile, the Paladin tilted her head thoughtfully.

	“That’s a strange question, though. Can one person kill over four thousand people? It’s impossible, to my knowledge.”

	“I-it’s because you trained this young man to be an elite assassin…”

	I beamed. “Yes, I’m an elite assassin.”

	“He’s lying,” the Paladin said again.

	The Sword Star’s jaw dropped to the ground. “M-Miss Paladin, I must have misjudged your character! I thought you’d mediate this session truthfully.”

	“It depends on you and the others to trust me,” the Paladin answered, unfazed. “Do what you want. Believe me or not. This is why I asked both of you in the beginning if you would trust me.”

	“If you’re going back on your words right now, that’s a bit—no, that’s downright craven, Sword Star. It isn’t like you.”

	“H-hold up!” The Sword Star quickly turned to look at me. “There is no way you didn’t kill a single human!”

	“Ah, yeah, that’s right. I did off someone once.”

	The Paladin nodded. “It’s true.”

	“See?!”

	“But I only killed one person,” I added.

	“…What?”

	The Paladin nodded again. “It’s true.”

	“The number doesn’t change the fact that I’m a murderer, of course. But, sir, my hands might not be spotless, but I can tell you this. The guy deserved to die. He tried to kill me first.”

	“It’s true.”

	“I wouldn’t say this if he tried to kill just me: he’s a butcherer. I also happened to witness him committing a murder, and whoa… God, that fucker didn’t even blink as he burned a person to death!”

	“It’s true.”

	“I can’t tell for sure, but he must have killed dozens, hundreds of people. It’s more than possible with him. That’s the kind of man I killed. You can call me a murderer if you want, but you know what? I’d kill him again if I went back in time. It’d be the first thing I do. Seriously, no one could ever be as evil as he was.”

	The Paladin slowly nodded. “It’s all true.”

	The Sword Star looked around in confusion, hoping to get some idea of what was going on. All of the guild leaders were watching him, silently wondering what in the world he was doing.

	“Hahahaha! Hahahaa!” The Inquisitor burst into laughter, his eyes teary. “Mr. Kim Gong-Ja is the Five Guilds’ elite assassin? That’s an interesting idea. It would have been great if it was true, but unfortunately, yesterday was the first time we met him, Sword Star!”

	“That is also true, by the way.” The Paladin gestured at the Inquisitor.

	The Sword Star’s silence stretched.

	The Guardian just clicked his tongue.

	—Tsk, tsk, tsk. He who lives by the Skill, dies by the Skill.

	“Well, I guess you’re done with your questions.” I gave him a bright smile. Everything Confucius said was right.[1] “It looks like both of us were having a grave misunderstanding. I’m glad they’re just misunderstandings, Sword Star. But, sir, it led you to attack me. Without the guild leaders’ protection, I would have most likely died a very unjust death. I believe I deserve an apology now. What do you think?”

	The Paladin nodded. “That is perfectly a valid conclusion. Apologize to Mr. Kim, Sword Star.”

	The senior gentleman turned pale.

* * *

	1. This is part of the joke from the last chapter. It’s said that Confucius often talked about the value of talking. ☜

Chapter 27

The Chosen Ones (3)

	The Hunters watched the Sword Star. For a long, tense moment, the Sword Star’s mouth remained shut.

	“I-I… Mr. Kim…” he finally croaked.

	The Sword Star had many choices right now. First of all, he didn’t have to trust the Paladin because he had no reason to. Although the Paladin was known for her upright character, she was also a high-ranking figure in one of the Five Guilds, so he could get angry and shout, “All of you are in this together!”

	Or… the Sword Star could reveal his Detective Eyes, which was the Skill that showed him someone’s kill count. And then he could say, “I didn’t doubt Mr. Kim because I’m a geezer. It’s because of my Skill! It’s what my Skill told me, so what am I supposed to do? It’s only natural to trust my Skill over someone else.” Revealing his Skill wasn’t the wisest choice, but it would make for a decent excuse.

	When people were at fault, they tended to become distrustful or make excuses to justify their actions to other people.

	Then there are psychopaths like the Fire Emperor who would just kill other people.

	Distrust, excuses, or a cover-up. The Fire Emperor had proved himself to be a psychopath by covering up his crime… and just like him, the Sword Star would decide what kind of person he was by the choice he made next. It was as simple as that.

	The Sword Star’s lips moved without a sound until he came to a decision.

	“…Your name is Kim Gong-Ja, yes?”

	“It is.”

	“If you truly didn’t kill anyone innocent… No, no. That isn’t what I’m trying to say.” The Sword Star sheathed his sword, shaking his head.

	Sighs of relief wafted through the audience chamber as the Hunters surrounding Sword Star let down their guards a little.

	The Sword Star adjusted his necktie. “Let me say it again. I’m truly sorry.” The Sword Star bowed deeply. “I’m in the wrong here. I reached a hasty conclusion which turned out to be a misunderstanding. A person’s life should not be decided so hastily, but that is what I have done until now. I decided who should die and killed them as soon as possible because that is what I believed.”

	The Sword Star bowed a little lower.

	“But it won’t happen again from now on.”

	His voice was low, barely audible across the audience chamber, and thick with self-loathing.

	“Since words are cheap, I would like to say that I would do anything you want… but please don’t take my life. I still want to live so that I can reach the top of this Tower… I made a grave mistake and it almost got you killed. But can you forgive this ugly old man so he can continue on with his life?”

	The audience chamber was utterly silent.

	The senior gentleman had many choices. He could have chosen not to trust the Paladin or used his Skill to excuse himself. However, he didn’t; instead, he admitted that he may be wrong.

	My eyes met those of the Paladin, who was stealing glances at me. She nodded without saying anything. It was only a nod, but I could tell the Paladin was saying that everything the Sword Star had said was true. He was genuinely sorry and wasn’t going to kill someone based on his Detective Eyes. And he didn’t want to die yet, so he wanted my forgiveness.

	—You’re really a geezer, Gramps, the Guardian mumbled. He didn’t say anything else, he just looked at the old man with a little regret.

	It seemed to say that he was going to let me decide if I was going to forgive the Sword Star. His silence helped me make a decision.

	“Mr. Sword Star.”

	“Speak.”

	“Teach me about the sword.”

	The Sword Star stood up straight and looked at me inquisitively.

	“It’s more… please accept my request whenever I ask you to spar. I have a swordsmanship teacher, but I don’t have a sparring partner, which is also important. I’m hoping you could be the one.”

	I had promised the Guardian on the eleventh floor that I was going to start honing my sword skills. Making the Sword Star my sparring partner would be a good way to keep that promise. It would benefit me and grow my sword skills…

	No, that wasn’t what I was trying to say. I shook my head. “I’m sorry. Let me say that again. Frankly, I can forgive you without any payback. But that would be embarrassing. I feel like I’m pretending to be more generous than you are, Mr. Sword Star. I’m not that remarkable. I’m just happy that a strong Hunter like you doesn’t consider me an enemy anymore.

	“Still, blood was almost shed because of me. It’s just as embarrassing to say ‘Okay!’ and forgive you. I just don’t want to do that, so I’m going to ask you to teach me your sword since that’s what’s most valuable to you, Sword Star.”

	I still felt so embarrassed that I was having a hard time keeping a straight face.

	“Then I won’t be embarrassed… and you can save face, Sword Star.”

	Fuck! I couldn’t believe how embarrassing it was to speak from my heart! Oh my god. I really had to believe that the reason why the Sword Star could have candidly asked for forgiveness was because he wanted to live. He seemed like a prideful person, so it was an amazing sight. I never knew that someone could genuinely apologize and beg for forgiveness to someone’s face. I would never be able to do it. I would rather kill myself instead.

	“…Oh, my god,” the Paladin mumbled. “It’s… all true, surprisingly.”

	The audience chamber fell into a heavy silence again. Silence was silence, but the air felt totally different from earlier.

	“Uhh… For real?” the Viper blurted, breaking the silence. “He can forgive the Sword Star unconditionally, but he’s too embarrassed to act kind…? So he just wants the Sword Star to be his sparring partner?”

	“I know it’s hard to believe, but it’s true, at least according to my Skill.”

	“What? Is that rookie from a land of unicorns or something? How can he be that pure?” the Viper murmured.

	He’d better shut up before I turned him into snake soup.

	“…This is new,” the Black Witch said reluctantly. “How should I put it—I’ve only met people who clawed to get as much benefit as possible… It’s been a while since I’ve seen someone like Hunter Kim Gong-Ja. It’s a miracle that you’re still alive.”

	I wanted to scream that I’d died. I died a lot. I died over four thousand times, to be specific.

	For some reason, the Inquisitor’s eyes were teary. “Ahhh… How beautiful this is! One side gives a most sincere apology, and the other side accepts it wholeheartedly! Yes, people fight without end, but that is also why we can endlessly forgive each other! This is indeed a holy miracle! Ahhh, everyone, I…”

	“Shut up. You talk too much.”

	“Okay.”

	The Viper actually made the Inquisitor shut up with one sentence. That was a real miracle.

	“Umm, it looks like everything is sorted out and everyone seems happy. But doesn’t this mean my ten thousand gold was wasted for no good reason?” the Countess whined. No one listened.

	I sighed. I had a strong urge to drink soju.

	“Anyhow, that’s how I feel, Mr. Sword Star. Please become my sparring partner. We don’t need to do it right away, but please hang out with me when I ask.”

	The Sword Star spent a quiet moment observing me.

	“I…” His mustache trembled. “I can’t believe I’ve misunderstood such a good young man like you!”

	“Ummm…”

	“You say you want me to teach you my sword and become your sparring partner? Of course! I would love to be your sparring partner whenever you need me!” The Sword Star grabbed my hand with both of his.

	“Mr. Sword Star?”

	“Please call me Grandpa Marcus!”

	“Pardon?”

	“How old are you, young man? It looks like you’re less than thirty. I have a very kind granddaughter whom I left in the outside world. She has a heart of gold. If she also enters the Tower, I’ll tell her all about your charms!” The Sword Star’s eyes sparkled.

	“No, it’s really fine…”

	I wasn’t interested in dating. I cared more about how much my hand hurt now. The Sword Star’s grip strength was amazing—concrete proof that he didn’t win the seat of Rank 1 Hunter in a poker game.

	“What? Are you telling me you aren’t interested in my granddaughter?”

	“Umm, yes. I’m sorry, but I’m just not interested in dating at all…”

	“No! That’s terrible!” His grip tightened like a vice. “The young should enjoy the warm breeze of love. You don’t have to marry, but dating is an essential part of life! It gives you a new perspective. You can learn so many new things! Yes—above all, you can learn how ugly you can get!”

	“Ah, is that so…?”

	“Do you know how important it is to know your ugliness? Let me tell you my experience. When I was sixteen years old, I belittled everything in life, but after I met her, my other half…”

	Huh? All of a sudden, I found this old man extremely tiresome. He was also too close—close enough that I could see his blackheads. It was honestly too much. I was already hoping he would get away from me as soon as possible.

	—I told you he’s old both in good and bad ways. Do you know what makes a geezer? It’s when a man doesn’t listen. That’s what Gramps Marcus does. Put nicely, the man’s principles are unshakable. The downside is that it’ll be harder to gain enlightenment. The Guardian clicked his tongue.

	I didn’t know and never wanted to find out in the first place.

	“Anyhow, don’t worry, young man! I’ll take good care of you. Oh, do you need pocket money by any chance? I just left my money piled up in my vault at the MA, and it’s getting uncontrollable now.” The Sword Star was practically glowing.

	“Umm. Pocket money? I’m a grown-up, sir. I can earn my own money…”

	“It just hit me that your clothes are too old! No, this isn’t good. A man’s clothing is a reflection of his mind. I know a good tailor. Why don’t you have a suit custom-made!”

	What? Was this part of “Let me shake your hand, Mr. Famous Hunter?” I was a fan of the current Rank 1 Hunter, so I should be happy. But I really wasn’t. I felt terribly embarrassed, honestly; it was like I was listening to my grandfather bragging about me—if I’d ever had one. It wasn’t even me who was bragging, so why was I embarrassed?

	What should I do? Shall I just kill myself and restart the day? I quickly asked the Guardian.

	—You’re nuts…

	[Welcome, Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.]

	[You are the Rank 1 champion of the eleventh floor.]

	The voice from the Tower began speaking as if it had been waiting for my fight to end.

	* * *

	Ah. I instinctively looked around.

	Most of the Hunters sighed in relief that the Sword Star had stopped fighting without any bloodshed. It looked like no one else had heard the voice yet.

	I’m the first! I smiled. I don’t know why, but little is known about the twelfth to twentieth floors.

	Perhaps there had been media control. I had no way to learn about the truth now; however, before I had regressed to the past through over four thousand deaths, the information about the twelfth to twentieth floors was almost nonexistent compared to the other floors. It was as if the major guilds united to hide the truth.

	I soon found out the reason behind the secrecy.

	[The reward for clearing the eleventh floor will be given.]

	[The Goddess of Protection offers you a reward.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain offers you a reward.]

	[Choose between the two rewards.]

	I blinked. Huh? I have to choose one? I hadn’t heard anything about this in the last stage.

	As if responding to my shock, two system windows appeared in front of me so I could choose.

	Goddess of Protection

	Description: The guardian goddess of the Aegim Empire is moved by your devotion and has decided to appoint you to an important position in the empire. You can be the empire’s prime minister, grand general, or imperial knight commander. Once you choose a position, you will receive the abilities and fame that come with it!

	Hero of the goddess! Unite with your fellow heroes, and destroy the Demon King’s core on the twentieth floor!

	※However, you cannot choose the goddess’s reward if you pick the Demon King’s.

	I nodded as I slowly read through the description. This part is the same as what I already know. It was role-playing! After choosing a role, Hunters would act as people of the Aegim Empire. They could be the empire’s prime minister or commander of the imperial knights. It wasn’t just a title—the Hunter who acted as the commander received the knight commander’s abilities and reputation.

	Hunters that had cleared the previous stage with high ranks were given a reward. They could choose a special role before other people!

	[Listing the twelfth floor’s special classes.]

	[Prime Minister of the Aegim Empire]

	[Grand General of the Aegim Empire]

	[Finance Minister of the Aegim Empire]

	[Foreign Minister of the Aegim Empire]

	[Imperial Knight Commander of the Aegim Empire]

	[Imperial Guard Captain of the Aegim Empire.]

	…

	It was a long list of glamorous titles.

	Man. I was impressed. I only got to choose a role like Guard A…

	Before the regression, I had been on the twelfth floor, too. However, it was completely different back then. High Rankers had already taken roles like the imperial knight commander. Rankers also chose less important positions like a chief guard. How about now?

	The stage reward is fabulous.

	I could choose to be the empire’s prime minister and grand general. I was astonished by how different it was. I couldn’t agree more with the saying about striking while the iron was hot.

	…What is the Demon King’s reward though? I turned to the second window, which had a description I had never heard of.

	Demon King of Autumn Rain

	Description: The Demon King is impressed with your performance and offers you the opportunity to work with it in secret. The Demon King promises you the exact same gifts as the goddess, plus one additional reward.

	Kill the rest of the top ten champions! Once you succeed, the Demon King will use its ability to teleport you straight to the ninety-ninth floor of the Tower.

	※Only one of the top ten champions can receive the Demon King’s reward.

	※If more than one person chooses the reward, one of them will be selected at random.

	※If no one chooses the reward, the Demon King’s reward will vanish.

	I was at a loss for words. When I responded a little later, I heard two voices in my head.

	What?

	—Huh?

	It was the Guardian and me. We blinked and reread the description of the Demon King’s reward. However, it remained the same.

	[Kill the rest of the top ten champions!]

	[Once you succeed, the Demon King will use its ability to teleport you straight to the ninety-ninth floor of the Tower.]

	That was what was written on the window.

	I looked around. The Sword Star, the Black Witch, the Inquisitor, the Countess, the Viper, and the Paladin.

	I… can get to the ninety-ninth floor right away if I kill all of these people? I held my breath.

	The voice spoke once again.

	[Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.]

	[Choose between the two rewards.]

Chapter 28

The Autumn Rain Is Blood (1)

	The Guardian and I went silent. The Demon King’s reward would send me to the ninety-ninth floor right away. I read the reward description over and over, and it kept circling in my head.

	—It’s a trap. Zombie, it’s gotta be a trap. Don’t fall for it, the Guardian firmly said, trying to stop me from getting any ideas about it.

	I… know. It’s definitely a trap. For sure… I mumbled in my head.

	It was obvious.

	There’s no way the Fucker wouldn’t have chosen the Demon King’s reward. He’s the type of person who doesn’t have a problem killing other Hunters. But… he only got to the fortieth floor, not the ninety-ninth floor, which means…

	I had a great example named Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor and the psychopath of the century. I calmly analyzed what I knew.

	…The Demon King’s reward is definitely a trap. The Fucker would have probably chosen the Demon King’s reward the first time, but he regressed after realizing that it was a trap. I’m not sure what kind of trap it is exactly…

	However, my heart was still pounding.

	…It’s so tempting. This is the chance to get the Skill of the ninety-ninth floor’s boss monster.

	Even if the Demon King’s reward was a trap, there was one big difference between the Fire Emperor and I. Unlike him, I didn’t have to defeat the boss monster. I benefited if I just walked in and got killed by it.

	The ninety-ninth floor’s boss monster would be the strongest, aside from the hundredth floor’s…

	I would be lying if I wasn’t feeling greedy.

	Ninety-ninth floor…

	If I used conventional methods, how long would it take me to get to the ninety-ninth floor? One year? Five years? A decade? It would take a lot longer than that. Even the Fire Emperor, who had been butchering people like a psychopath, had taken a decade to reach the fortieth floor. However, the reward was saying that I could skip all the waiting.

	—Gong-Ja. Don’t do it.

	The Guardian locked eyes with me. He sounded nothing like he usually did.

	—Look at me. I’m the Sword Emperor. I actually got to the ninety-ninth floor on my own before I failed, and I’m telling you that this is a trap. It’s a disgusting, nasty trap. You’ll likely fail to kill all ten High Rankers. Even if you pull it off, you’ll still have problems. You’ll never surmount the ninety-ninth floor’s wall. Give up on that reward and don’t ever think about it again.

	I felt silent. The Guardian was very persuasive; he was the only one in this Tower who had gotten to the ninety-ninth floor.

	Is that how strong the ninety-ninth floor’s boss monster is? I asked the Guardian.

	—There isn’t one. The Guardian frowned.

	Pardon?

	—There is no boss monster on the ninety-ninth floor. It’s much more— Ah, fuck. That suddenly reminds me of the old years. Anyhow, it’s a trap! The Guardian sat with his back to me, like a sulky child who didn’t get to eat his candy.

	I was a bit perplexed. What in the world is waiting on the ninety-ninth floor? You’re scaring me. This is the first time I’ve seen you react like this. Is there a Demon God or something?

	—Hmph, I’m not telling you!

	I stood corrected. He was a child.

	—I don’t want to admit it, but you’re doing a good job, Kim Zombie. Keep it up and you’ll clear the ninety-ninth floor eventually.

	I fell into contemplation. My hand unconsciously moved to the grip of the dagger on my belt. It had helped me when I had been killing myself over four thousand times. I had also used it at the time I had killed Yoo Soo-Ha. It was a cheap dagger, but feeling it helped me calm down.

	Alright, I decided. I’ll ditch this try.

	—You will? The Guardian furtively looked back at me.

	Yes, I’m going to choose the safest route by giving up both rewards. I’ll use this try to see how things turn out.

	—Give up both rewards…? Wait, you aren’t even going to receive the goddess’s reward? Why? Aren’t you playing it too safe?

	It’s okay. It’s a strategic retreat to guarantee my victory.

	As they said, haste makes waste.

	“Excuse me, everyone,” I slowly said, gathering the attention of all of the Hunters in the audience chamber. “I have a system window about the eleventh floor’s rewards in front of me right now.”

	“Is that so? That’s good,” the Black Witch responded. Perhaps she hadn’t seen what the rewards of the goddess and the Demon King were. Her expression was blank, as usual. “I was starting to get bored waiting for the quest to arrive. Once you choose your reward, we’ll also get to pick our reward in the order of our rankings for clearing this stage. Take your time.”

	“Yes, I already made up my mind. I won’t choose any reward,” I declared in front of the High Rankers.

	The Inquisitor and the Viper—who had been playing cards—looked up. The chamber was utterly silent for one, two, three seconds…

	The Black Witch frowned. “What?”

	It was already too late though.

	[You haven’t chosen any stage reward.]

	[You will be unable to choose from the twelfth floor’s special classes.]

	[If you give up on your reward, you can choose a special class only after your arrival on the thirteenth floor.]

	[Are you certain about your choice?]

	My mind was set.

	“Yes; I, Hunter Kim Gong-Ja, will not choose a reward.”

	The system windows in front of me shattered. A divine voice spoke in my head, then a gloomy one.

	[The Goddess of Protection questions your choice.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain laughs quietly.]

	The Hunters were dumbstruck.

	“Mr. Kim Gong-Ja? What in the world did you do…?”

	The Sword Star narrowed his sharp eyes; they were scanning something in the air. In terms of the ranking for clearing the eleventh floor, I was in first place, and the Sword Star was next. It was the Sword Star’s turn to learn about the rewards of the goddess and the Demon King.

	“…I see. I understand. You made the safest choice.” The Sword Star eyed me. “But did you have to give up your reward, young man? I’m pretty sure I’m worried about nothing, but I can’t help myself to tell you this. Being too cautious might hold you back instead.”

	“Thank you for your concern. However, I don’t regret it.”

	“Well. That’s good to hear…” the Sword Star grunted.

	The other Hunters watched our conversation with confusion. Without seeing the rewards themselves, they didn’t understand a single thing.

	“…I still think it’s too passive to give up the rewards. I’m sorry, young man.” He shook his head. “I’ll choose the goddess’ reward and pick the role of the Aegim Empire’s imperial knight commander.”

	The audience chamber’s door opened as soon as the Sword Star made his decision, and a group of knights in shiny silver armor marched in. When they arrived in front of the Sword Star, they went down on one knee.

	“We swear loyalty to the empire’s most honorable sword!”

	The Sword Star looked down at the knights with interest. “Ah, so this is what happens if you choose a role.”

	The Inquisitor was in third place, so it was his turn now.

	“Hmm? Aha?” He tilted his head in confusion for a moment before letting out a sigh of realization. “I see. I also understand it now! Haha, it’s similar to the game mafia[1].”

	Besides me, the Sword Star, and the Inquisitor, the other Hunters were still confused.

	“I have no idea what you people are talking about,” the Black Witch said with her brows furrowed.

	“Don’t worry! I’ll tell you!” The Inquisitor opened his arms and infused aura into his fingers, allowing him to engrave letters on the smooth marble floor. “All of you can take a look!”

	The Hunters rushed toward him and peered at the floor.

	Goddess of Protection

	Description: The guardian goddess of the Aegim Empire is moved by your devotion and has decided to appoint you to an important position in the empire.

	…

	The Hunters began to discuss among themselves.

	“What?”

	“The ninety-ninth floor? Is this for real…?”

	They hadn’t shown any particular reaction when they read the goddess’s reward, but their demeanor changed drastically after they got to the Demon King’s reward. Their expressions darkened, and they were visibly shaken.

	The Black Witch looked particularly grim. “This is…”

	“Yes! It’s similar to mafia! For convenience, I’ll call those who chose the goddess’s reward heroes, and the one who picked the Demon King’s reward will be called the traitor.” The Inquisitor smiled. “The biggest difference from the game is that this game is much more disadvantageous for the traitor! There are nine heroes, but there’s only one traitor. On top of that, we have the assistant leader of the Watchmen League!”

	The Inquisitor pointed at the Paladin, who was examining the writing on the floor calmly.

	“Think about it! Miss Paladin has the Lie Detector Skill. She’s like the Police from the game. It’s okay even if one of us chooses the Demon King’s reward! Miss Paladin can quickly find out who the traitor is!”

	“Umm… You’re right.” The Paladin slowly looked up. “That is, if all of you will trust me.”

	“In any case, this game cannot be more advantageous for the heroes! Mr. Kim Gong-Ja, I think it was completely unnecessary for you to give up the reward!”

	The Inquisitor adjusted his hat. “It’s not everyday that you get to clear the eleventh floor as the Rank 1 champion, but you still didn’t choose any reward. Hmm! That is a decision that I cannot imagine making. You have my respect. I shall choose to be the Aegim Empire’s grand general!”

	The door to the audience chamber opened again, admitting the general’s retinue. They stopped in front of the Inquisitor and saluted sharply, their red capes fluttering behind them.

	“We swear our loyalty to the empire’s most honorable flag!”

	“Ahh, marvelous. Nice to meet you!”

	The NPCs lined up behind the Inquisitor. This was the final blow that convinced the rest of the Hunters.

	“Tsk. I hate mind games. Anyhow, what you guys are saying is that it’s better to choose any reward, right? Then I’ll choose to be the imperial guard captain,” the Viper decided.

	“I’ll become the foreign minister,” the Paladin continued. “It looks okay.”

	“…I’ll be the prime minister,” the Black Witch said. “Please, please do not choose the Demon King’s reward. The reward will disappear on its own if no one chooses it. It’s the wisest choice. Please keep that in mind, everyone.”

	“Don’t worry,” the Countess assured her. “Well, I think it’s only right for me to choose the finance minister.”

	All of the Hunters chose a reward except for me. The audience chamber was filled with NPCs now. The imperial knights were lined up behind the Sword Star, the imperial knight commander; on the other hand, the Black Witch—now the prime minister—had civil servants behind her.

	—Whoa.

	The only empty region in the vast audience chamber was behind me.

	—You’re really the only one who didn’t pick a reward. Are you sure about this, Zombie? You did say you’re going to throw this try, but isn’t this overdoing it? the Guardian asked.

	No, this is the right answer.

	I had a feeling. Maybe it was my instinct as a Hunter. I had to know when I should rush in and dig my dagger into my prey. However, there was also a time when I had to give up and retreat. I believed it was time to take a step back.

	[All of the top ten champions have made a choice.]

	[The rewards have been finalized.]

	[Kim Gong-Ja, the Sword Star, the Inquisitor, the Viper, the Paladin, the Black Witch, the Countess…]

	The Hunter exchanged glances whenever the voice called their names.

	[The number of people who have given up the rewards: 1]

	The Hunters looked at me. I was the only one who had publicly declared I would forego my reward, and the voice was my proof. For a brief moment, the Hunters looked surprised that I actually hadn’t received any rewards.

	[The number of recipients of the goddess’s reward: 8]

	Their faces rapidly hardened.

	[The number of recipients of the Demon King’s reward: 1]

	The Hunters looked at each other.

	[Announcement.]

	[All of the top ten champions have made a choice.]

	The audience chamber became silent again.

	[The number of people who have given up the rewards: 1]

	[The number of recipients of the goddess’s reward: 8]

	[The number of recipients of the Demon King’s reward: 1]

	The silence lasted for a long time.

	[May luck be with you.]

	* * *

	The sound of the Black Witch’s teeth grinding together finally broke the silence.

	“You fools…! I told you not to choose the Demon King’s reward, but… some idiot still chose it!”

	The Black Witch radiated bloodlust. Her expression was not so dry now; her face was painted with hatred, contempt, and anger. She glared at the crowd, her face twisted into a vicious rictus.

	“Well, there’s no talking sense into an idiot. Fine! As the leader of the Black Dragon Guild, I promise you that although I may not know who dared to betray us yet, I promise I will bring them the most painful death imaginable.”

	“I’m surprised.” The Inquisitor stroked his chin. “The game is extremely disadvantageous for the traitor, but someone chose the Demon King’s reward anyway… The Black Dragon Master is right. It’s a very foolish choice! Haha, it also makes the choice so very human.”

	“Ah… fuck.” The Viper scratched the back of his head. “I remember. I remember it now. The tension. The air. This feels just like the time we cleared the lower floors of the Tower… Yeah, I feel a chill running down my back. People are going to die today.”

	“I agree. It feels like the time when the Five Guilds were the Ten Guilds.” The Countess fanned herself. Her tone was gentle, but her eyes were as cold as a lion’s. “Many people died at the time, didn’t they?”

	“Everyone, shut up! This isn’t time to get sentimental,” the Witch snapped. “Paladin!”

	“Yeah.”

	“Interrogate everyone with Lie Detector right now. All of you! I’ll kill anyone who refuses to answer or doesn’t answer her questions on the spot!”

	Everyone knew that the Black Witch meant what she said. Her aura billowed with bloodlust, staining it pitch black. Its color seemed to reject all light.

	The Paladin nodded. “I was planning on it even if you didn’t ask,” she agreed. “First of all, let me begin by saying that I’m not the traitor.”

	The Paladin turned and approached… me.

	“Mr. Kim Gong-Ja,” she said.

	“Yes.”

	“You didn’t choose a reward, so you aren’t a suspect. It may not be necessary to question you at all, but I’ll still ask. Did you choose the Demon King’s reward?”

	“No.” I shook my head.

	All the Hunters watched us. After a few seconds of silence, the Paladin nodded again. “It’s true.”

	Sighs of relief were heard across the chamber. Meanwhile, the Paladin went on to the next person on her list.

	The audience chamber’s floor was marble, so each footstep sounded unnaturally loud.

	“Sword Star.”

	“Go on.” The Sword Star gestured to the Paladin.

	“Did you choose the Demon King’s reward?”

	The Sword Star crossed his arms. “I swear on my honor that it was not me. Never.”

	“It’s true.”

	Tap.

	“Inquisitor.”

	“Yes! Ask me anything!” the Inquisitor cheerfully answered.

	“Are you the one who chose the Demon King’s reward?”

	“I’m sorry.” The Inquisitor let out laughter where no one did. There was something slippery about his laughter. It slid down the marble floor and bounced back from the armor of the knights and generals. “But it’s not me! I don’t want to get killed by the Black Dragon Master just yet!”

	“It’s true.”

	Tap.

	“Viper. Are you the one who chose the Demon King’s reward?”

	“Fuck no!”

	“…It’s true.”

	Tap.

	“Countess, did you choose the Demon King’s reward?”

	“…I didn’t choose it either.”

	“It’s true.”

	Tap.

	The sighs of relief when the Hunters found out that I wasn’t the traitor were replaced with terse silence when the Hunters were declared to be honest one after another. The silence was slowly suffocating us like water filling up the chamber.

	The Paladin faced the Black Witch. All of the other Hunters had already been questioned except for her. She was the last one. The Paladin took a deep breath before she began questioning the second strongest Hunter and the leader of the strongest guild in the Tower.

	“Black Dragon Master.”

	“…Yes.”

	“Did you choose the Demon King’s reward?”

	The Witch was silent for a brief moment.

	“No… it wasn’t me.”

	The silence stretched until the Paladin slowly said, “…It’s true.”

	Total silence fell over the chamber—we practically choked on it.

	“What…? Wait… Then what?” The Viper looked around. “Who the fuck is it then?”

	The Sword Star looked at the Black Witch, who turned to the Inquisitor. However, his eyes were on the Countess, while hers were on the Viper, who gave a desperate look to the Paladin. She, however, looked at me in silence.

	Everyone was watching everyone else.

	“Why is everyone saying no…?”

	But no one answered.

	“Who the fuck betrayed us!” the Viper screamed.

	No one.

* * *

	1. A party game based on deception, also known as werewolf or The Town of Salem. Similar concept to Among Us. ☜

Chapter 29

The Autumn Rain Is Blood (2)

	Everyone was deathly silent. The only voices that we heard were those that didn’t belong to any of us.

	[The Goddess of Protection laments the heroes’ foolishness.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain bursts into laughter.]

	Judging from the Hunters’ dark expressions, I assumed that I wasn’t the only one who could hear the voices.

	“…Calm down,” the Paladin forced out. Despite what she said, she was quiet for a long time as she carefully contemplated how to proceed. “Don’t panic. Yes, maybe the traitor has a Skill to hide their lie. I know it sounds ridiculous, but we might have someone here with a split personality. Everyone has a secret, don’t they? It’s not impossible…”

	“Or…” the Sword Star said, looking at the Paladin with cold eyes, “or the truth is simpler than that. You might be the filthy traitor.”

	Cold tension gripped the audience chamber. The Hunters exchanged glances sharper than swords. It hadn’t been long since the Sword Star and guild leaders had nearly come to blows. Their boiling blood hadn’t even cooled down yet, but they were already butting heads again.

	The Black Witch frowned. “Are you doubting us?”

	“Yes,” the Sword Star immediately answered. “Even if Miss Paladin isn’t the traitor, the chances of her lying to us are high. You Five Guilds leaders have been close for a long time. Aren’t you guys covering up for each other, just like how a crow hides amid other crows?”

	“Hah!” The Black Witch’s fingernails dug into her palms. “You’re seriously—”

	“I’m sure!” the Paladin urgently shouted. Both the Sword Star and Black Witch stopped quarreling and looked at her. The Paladin carefully adjusted herself. “I’m sure that it’s logically possible. Yes, I might be the traitor. But more importantly, we have to stay calm. We’ve overcome many crises together, haven’t we? As long as we trust each other, I’m sure we can—”

	“Hahaha.”

	The laughter belonged to the Inquisitor.

	“Miss Paladin, you’re naive—no, pure. Trust. Hmm. Trust. Yes, it’s a beautiful word! But it takes a long time to build it. It took us ten years for the Five Guilds to build solidarity. In other words…” The Inquisitor adjusted his mitre and brushed the dust from his clothes. “…it’s difficult for me to trust anyone other than those from the Five Guilds—and it’s too inefficient to spend another decade building a trustworthy relationship with other Hunters. Yes, I feel like it’s a waste of time!”

	“…Wait.” The Paladin’s voice and expression were heavy with urgency. She seemed nothing like the woman who had leisurely asked me if a woman with a music major was charming during the festival on the first floor. “Now isn’t the time to pursue efficiency, Inquisitor. Please—”

	The Inquisitor held his hands together. White light enveloped them. “Divine Formula: Carnal Body. Viper, you take care of the Rank 10 champion.”

	The white light spread.

	“I’ll kill the Rank 8 and 9 champions.”

	“Inquisitor! No!” the Paladin screamed.

	“Divine Formula: Teleportation.”

	The Inquisitor and Viper vanished. In the blink of an eye, the Inquisitor had moved behind the Rank 8 champion.

	“…Huh?” He instinctively looked behind him. Overshadowed by the Five Guild leaders, he’d been so far content to remain a quiet extra. No, I felt bad for calling him an extra because he was standing there for his performance on the last stage. Compared to me in the past, this Hunter had a promising future. However, that promising future was being cut short.

	“I’m sorry!” The Inquisitor gave the champion a blooming smile. Although he was unarmed, his fingers were heavily infused with his white aura.

	“Ah…?”

	Blood gushed out of the man’s body as he slowly toppled. He wasn’t an influential figure from a major guild, nor was he a Hunter with such tremendous martial prowess that he could stand alone like the Sword Star. It wasn’t even as if he was in an alliance with the guild leaders like I was—he was just a Hunter who had been a bit impressive on the eleventh stage.

	However, he died. He died all too easily.

	[A hero has died.]

	[The deceased hero was not the Demon King’s underling.]

	[The Goddess of Protection mourns the deceased hero.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain sneers at the heroes.]

	The murder was done in a flash.

	The Rank 10 champion of the last stage squeaked. Luckily, he didn’t have to stew in fear for a long time.

	The Viper, teleported by the Inquisitor, swung his sword. All it took was one slash to send the poor Hunter’s head to the floor with a thump.

	[One hero has died.]

	[The deceased hero was not the Demon King’s underling.]

	Blood flowed across the marble floor.

	[The Goddess of Protection purses her lip.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain bursts into laughter.]

	The Sword Star drew his sword.

	“You people have finally revealed your true colors!” The Sword Star’s expression was contorted with fury. “All of you are disgusting! Nothing about you has changed from the old times! Stop right now. Otherwise, I’ll—”

	“Divine Formula: Teleportation.” The Inquisitor disappeared.

	The Rank 9 champion had begun to flee as soon as he witnessed the Rank 8 and 10 champions’ deaths. The fact that he didn’t scream showed an abundance of caution; however, the moment he was about to escape through the door, the Inquisitor teleported right in front of him.

	The Hunter extended his hand. “Ah, h-hold on…”

	“Yes!” The Inquisitor beamed. “I’m sorry!”

	The corpse helplessly collapsed onto the floor, its hand still extended. The bloody debris of its pulverized head scattered across the chamber.

	The voice, once again, quietly announced the results.

	[A hero has died.]

	[The deceased hero was not the Demon King’s underling.]

	[The Goddess of Protection stays silent.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain is clapping.]

	The Inquisitor pulled out a handkerchief and slowly wiped the blood from his face. After a couple of wipes, the handkerchief was too bloody to serve its purpose.

	“Hmm, all three of them weren’t the traitor!”

	The silence was deafening.

	“This is quite a problem. I was certain that one of the three was the traitor! This means that one of us is the culprit. The Five Guilds’ ten years of trust is going to crumble like a sandcastle today!”

	The Inquisitor dropped the bloody handkerchief on the floor. It landed on a pool of blood, floating like a paper boat.

	“I… I told you to wait…” The Paladin quivered. “I clearly told you to wait… I begged you! I begged you to be calm, Inquisitor. This is just like the last time…!”

	“I don’t understand, Miss Paladin! I am calm.” The Inquisitor smiled gently. It looked like he wasn’t done. He used his right hand to pull out another handkerchief. “I rationally analyzed that those three Hunters were the most likely suspects, but it turned out I was wrong! I’ll just be content with the fact that the most suspicious people have been eliminated. Ah, it would be a big problem if the media was watching us. Fortunately, no one filmed any of it…”

	Just then, the Inquisitor’s yet unstained handkerchief flew into the air. Before it hit the ground, something a little heavier landed—the Inquisitor’s right arm.

	“Ah,” he mumbled.

	It was fortunate that he only lost his arm. If the Viper hadn’t stopped the Sword Star’s attack, the Inquisitor’s head would have ended up on the floor, not his arm.

	“Fuck…!” the Viper cursed as he battled the Sword Star. “Hey, preacher! Give me a sign before you kill someone!”

	“Ah…” the Inquisitor looked down at the floor with a slight frown. A little later, his handkerchief landed on his loose arm, quickly turning scarlet with blood. “The problem has become very serious, haha. I can’t form Divine Formula hand seals without both of my hands. I’m sorry, everyone! I won’t be able to assist you!”

	“Do you… seriously think… that’s the problem right now…?!” the Viper panted. He was obviously struggling to deal with the Sword Star.

	Not only did the Sword Star strike the Viper with his sword, but he also poured a barrage of aura attacks onto the Viper.

	The Viper narrowly managed to block them. “Someone. Please. Fucking. Help me! I’m going to die. I’m really going to die!”

	“Mr. Kim!” the Paladin yelled—or more accurately, screamed. “I’ll entrust all of my power with you. You can even kill me if you decide it’s necessary! You are the only one who didn’t take a reward. Any one of us has a chance of being the traitor, even if it’s very small, but you’re the exception! You can’t be the traitor! So please! I beg you! Please stop the Sword Star!”

	The din of clashing swords filled the audience chamber. The Black Witch and Countess joined in and were fighting against the Sword Star. Only the Paladin was unengaged. She looked pleadingly at me, her shoulders slumped powerlessly.

	I briefly examined the ongoing fight in front of me.

	Sword Emperor.

	—Yeah? What?

	…Am I destined to be loved by psychopaths?

	I expected a disaster. The Hunters already seemed to be on bad terms, so I anticipated an immediate execution if the traitor emerged. That was why I gave up the reward entirely.

	But I didn’t think it was going to be such an absolute disaster… I sighed.

	“Ah, that’s good. Not a bad idea!”

	The Inquisitor stood between the Paladin and me, pouring a bottle of potion on his arm to stop the bleeding. Surprisingly, he didn’t seem to be in pain at all.

	“A majority vote won’t solve anything in a situation like this. Let’s also abolish the Five Guilds system. It’s inefficient! It’s better to consolidate our power on the one person who we know can’t be the traitor.”

	“Do you mean…”

	The Inquisitor smiled from ear to ear. “Yes!” He brandished his severed arm. “I’ll trust Mr. Kim Gong-Ja to make all my decisions! Hmm, I was certain that one of the three was the culprit. I apologize for that, but nothing can be done about the past! I won’t trust my judgment until we get the traitor. I’ll do what you say, Mr. Kim!” The Inquisitor giggled.

	Yeah, it looks like your destiny is to be loved by psychopaths. Maniacs like this are rare. I only saw one like him when I climbed up the Tower, the Guardian murmured.

	I hated my destiny. Suddenly, I have the power of the Watchmen League’s assistant leader and the leader of the Pantheon…

	—You’ve made it. Congratulations. Isn’t that why you gave up the reward? I was admiring you, honestly.

	I expected a disaster but not this. The three guys died for nothing. I should really regress later… I glanced at the Paladin, who was standing still with her face in her hands.

	“I have a question.”

	The Paladin’s sigh escaped through the gaps between her fingers. It seemed she already knew what I was going to ask. “…You’re right. He’s always been like that.”

	By “he,” she meant the Inquisitor, of course.

	“When we first entered the Tower, chaos prevailed. The issue of religion was particularly bad. Anytime someone believed in different religions, we’d have problems. Conflict broke out even over the finer points of the same religion. People continued to divide and fight against themselves. That’s when the Inquisitor showed up…”

	“And?”

	“…And he killed them all.” The Paladin sighed again. “He executed anyone who started a fight over religion, regardless of their nationality or beliefs. Murder is the only way he knows how to solve a problem…”

	“Wow.”

	I thought the Pantheon had been founded because religious organizations in the Tower had grown weary of constant conflict. That was what the media had said—but in truth, it was made possible by massacring anyone who would oppose it…

	“Save! Me!” the Viper screamed. His voice seemed to get an octave higher after every minute. “I’m going to die! Fuck! I’m really going to die! Today is going to be the day the OJP Sect’s leader dies, you shits!”

	The Inquisitor adjusted his hat with his one arm. “Hahaha. I’m aware that my poor judgment started a catastrophe. I’m ashamed to ask, but can you please stop the Sword Star in exchange for my full power as the Pantheon’s leader?”

	“Phew. You’re… Nevermind.” I shook my head. “Let’s talk about you later. I’ve got a lot to say about you. Right now, it looks like Mr. Viper is really going to die if we leave him alone, so let’s solve that first.”

	“Yes, please!”

	I turned away from the Paladin and the Inquisitor and strode toward the battle.

	Well, this isn’t so bad. I get to control the Watchmen League and the Pantheon, albeit briefly. Both of them are big guilds…

	That was how I convinced myself.

	An intense and skillful fight was tearing up the other side of the audience chamber. Actually, I wasn’t at a level where I could follow their movements with my eyes. Jumping in on the fight was suicide, but I knew the magic word that could stop the Sword Star.

	“Mr. Sword Star!”

	I didn’t get any response.

	“Mr. Sword Star! Since you heard me out today, why don’t you do it one more time? Please stop fighting so that we can talk!”

	Again, he didn’t reply. I had no other choice. I took a deep breath and gathered my aura.

	“I’ll ask your granddaughter out on a date!”

	The Sword Star froze.

	“If your granddaughter enters the Tower, yeah, sure, I’ll go on a date with her. No one knows if it’ll turn into a romantic relationship, but I’m sure she’ll be charming, considering that she’s your granddaughter. Who knows? I may become your future grandson-in-law, so I ask my possible future grandfather-in-law to please stop fighting!”

	The Sword Star quietly turned his back on the fight. After a brief silence, he said, “…I haven’t forgiven them.”

	“Yes, I know.”

	“I definitely didn’t stop because of what you said. But the battle got me thinking that I could kill these people any time I wanted, so I can find the traitor and wipe the rest out later, can’t I?”

	I wanted to ask why in the world he had to tell me that, but instead of saying it aloud, I nodded. “You’re right. You can kill them in a bit.”

	The Sword Star slowly lowered his sword.

	“Huh…? What?” the Viper, opposite the Sword Star, panted. “A-am I alive? Is it over…?”

	Nothing was over. All I did was temporarily pause the fight.

	“Everyone, please, let’s be calm.” I looked around at the Hunters. “I don’t know who the traitor is. We might never find the traitor, but that’s a problem for another time. We can overcome the crisis even if we don’t find the traitor.”

	“…How?” the Paladin asked. “The fact that someone chose the Demon King’s reward means that someone is out for our lives. We could be stabbed in the back at any time.”

	“Look at this.” I pointed at the marble floor where the three corpses—or the blood and pieces of three corpses—were scattered. However, the Inquisitor’s engraving was there as well.

	Goddess of Protection

	Description: The guardian goddess of the Aegim Empire is moved by your devotion and has decided to appoint you to an important position in the empire. You can be the empire’s prime minister, grand general, or imperial knight commander. Once you choose a position, you will receive the abilities and fame that come with it!

	Hero of the goddess! Unite with your fellow heroes, and destroy the Demon King’s core on the twentieth floor!

	“This says that the Demon King’s core is on the twentieth floor.” I looked each of the Hunters in the eyes. “Don’t focus on finding and killing the traitor. That’s a trap. Don’t fall for it. Who knows? The traitor might be terrified because the Tower’s system selected them by force. Let’s kill the Demon King first.”

	The group fell silent.

	“Once the Demon King is killed, its reward is gone. It’s as simple as that. No matter what kind of fucked-up trial the Tower puts us through, the solution will always be simple. It won’t change even if the Tower tries to turn us against each other.”

	I heard the two voices in my head.

	[The Goddess of Protection’s eyes shine.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain clicks its tongue.]

	“Let’s climb the Tower, and crush the Demon King’s core on the twentieth floor,” I said with determination.

	That was my answer. It was not only for the Hunters but also for the Tower.

	A voice answered me.

	[Initiating the twelfth floor quest.]

Chapter 30

The Autumn Rain Is Blood (3)

	[Initiating the twelfth floor quest.]

	As soon as we heard the voice, something rattled against the windows.

	Raindrops were sliding down the audience chamber’s ornate windows. Our attention immediately turned to the panes. We weren’t surprised by the sudden rain—there was something else.

	“Oh… Ohhhh…”

	“It’s the nightmare… It’s the rain of nightmares again!”

	The rain—it was as red as blood. Perhaps it was actually blood. All of the NPCs in the chamber covered their ears and moaned in pain. It didn’t matter if they were military officers or civil servants.

	“Dear goddess, please do not abandon us!”

	“W-what? What’s wrong with them, all of a sudden…?” The Viper, exhausted from fighting the Sword Star, looked around blearily.

	“It’s the Demon King…” an NPC in armor whispered. He was curled up on the floor, trembling.

	The fear spread like a wildfire.

	“The empire is doomed…”

	“The Demon King is coming…”

	“Your Majesty… Where is our emperor…?”

	Not one NPC’s face showed a single trace of hope. Instead, they had resigned themselves to despair and lamented their fate just like any other humans.

	The Viper swallowed nervously. “Th-this is interesting. Hey, this is all staged, right? What’s going on now?”

	“It’s the beginning of the quest,” I quietly said. “It doesn’t look like we’re going to keep fighting. If it’s difficult to incite internal conflict, the next option is to attack directly.”

	“Who’s going to attack us?”

	“Who else could it be?” I glared through the window. “It’s the very same person who tried to make us fight each other with his ‘reward’.”

	I heard laughter in my head.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has affirmed your statement.]

	The rain got stronger. Its insistent knocking on the windowpanes grew violently. Dozens, hundreds, thousands of red drops assaulted the glass. I approached a window, but I couldn’t see a thing outside; the rain was now so strong that the entire window was covered in red.

	I shattered the window with the pommel of my blade.

	Red poured into the audience chamber, but I finally could see what was happening outside. The audience chamber was at the center of the palace; outside the palace was a city, which was surrounded by high walls.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has appeared.]

	And beyond the walls was the Demon King.

	—Pitiful ones, it whispered through barely parted lips.

	Yes, it was a whisper. A mere whisper reached past the outer walls and the many walls of the palace and entered the audience chamber through the shattered window.

	—You summoned the humans from a different world and appointed them to lead your empire. You call them heroes, but do you really believe they’re your heroes? Can they really protect you?

	The rain poured down.

	—Do it. Do it as many times as you want. I say, why not? Call thousands of heroes. Summon tens of thousands of knights. They’re still humans like you. Because of your foolishness, you don’t know your end. I pity you.

	The whisper slipped through the endless downpour, drifting insidiously into the audience chamber, just like it did before.

	The Demon King laughed loudly, violently bouncing inside of our skulls.

	“Ah, argh…”

	The Hunters were a little better off than the NPCs. Unlike them, we were hearing the Demon King’s laughter for the first time, so it was bearable. However, it would not be the same if we had to hear it all year long.

	—You people don’t see humans as people.

	Red dots appeared on the mini-map, my exclusive blessing from the God of War. One, two, three… It was slow at first, but the red dots multiplied into hundreds, thousands, and tens of thousands. Before long, the world was painted red to the horizon and beyond.

	—Let your malice consume you.

	Lightning bolts struck the ground, turning the world pale white. The brief light revealed that all of the red dots on my mini-map were monsters. A grand army of monsters, vastly larger than what we faced on the eleventh floor, was coming.

	The monsters opened their mouths and howled. The red rain dripped down the goblins’ disfigured faces. It seemed that the red rain was practically holy water for them. Like knights on a holy crusade, the monsters looked up at the sky and basked in the crimson downpour.

	“…I told you.” I tightened my grip on my weapon. “This isn’t the time to fight among ourselves.”

	A system window appeared in front of me.

	Imperial Capital Defense

	Difficulty level: A~SSS

	Goal: Heroes! You have bravely fought against the Demon King’s army and protected the empire’s supply lines. Sensing a problem, the Demon King, who can summon its legion of monsters anywhere, has personally come to the empire.

	The Demon King’s goal is the Imperial Capital, Arkmnia, the heart of the Aegim Empire. Fortunately, the Demon King has been weakened by manifesting at such a distance.

	Stop the Demon King!

	※However, the thirteenth floor will not be opened if you lose the battle.

	“…The Demon King is weakened? Seriously?” the Viper mumbled after a brief silence. He said what everyone else was thinking. “This is… unfair. How are we supposed to clear this? This quest wasn’t made to be completed in the first place. Even if everything up to the tenth floor was just the tutorial… this is too much of a difficulty spike.”

	“Stop. Let’s approach this calmly.” I turned and looked at the people in the audience chamber, both the Hunters and the terrified NPCs behind them. “We can do it. The Tower doesn’t give us quests we can’t clear.”

	“But how are we supposed to kill that many monsters…?”

	“That is why I’m telling you to stay calm.” I pointed at the NPCs. “We aren’t alone here. Did you forget about the choices you made? Mr. Viper, you’re the captain of the Imperial Guards of the Aegim Empire. So lead the Imperial Guards.

	“We Hunters can’t clear the stage on our own. Treat the NPCs like actual humans. Persuade them to rise, so you can lead them to the battlefield.”

	Yes, that was how the eleventh floor had been cleared.

	“We can’t be fighting among ourselves. Mr. Sword Star, you’re the Imperial Knight Commander. You can’t attack the Imperial Guard Captain. There’s no way a country like that can stop a foreign attack.”

	I turned to the Viper again. “Were you happy that you became the captain? You should be happy, but now that you have the privileges, you also have to carry out the duties that come with them. Whether you like it or not, you have the role of a prominent figure in the empire, so it’s time to role-play.”

	I turned to the Paladin. “Ms. Foreign Minister.”

	“Mmm.” The Paladin gave me her full attention.

	“This is the audience chamber, but I don’t see the emperor. He should be somewhere in the palace. Please take the civil servant NPCs of your ministry and find the emperor. The NPCs won’t follow our orders without their leader.”

	The Paladin nodded. “Understood.”

	“Mr. Grand General.” I looked at the Inquisitor.

	“Yes!” Despite the fact that he lost his right arm, the Inquisitor’s grin never went away. In fact, his eyes on me were sparkling with interest. “That’s me!”

	“I hate Hunters like you. I really do. Your antics earlier convinced me that I really need to get rid of you. But you’re the Grand General. We can’t afford to lose you.”

	“Hahahaha. I like you more by the minute!”

	“You gave me all of your power, so shut up and listen,” I said. I watched the map. The red wave was getting closer to the capital—not much time was left. “There will be a lot of soldiers near the walls. A tsunami of monsters is coming. There’s no way that they’re in their right minds. You’re the Grand General, so get to the soldiers and rally them.”

	“Hmm! Noblesse oblige, I see!”

	“Please protect the walls by any means necessary. We fail this stage as soon as they’re breached.”

	“Don’t worry.” The Inquisitor smiled. “I’ve never broken a promise in my life. I’ll hold the walls with my life!”

	“Okay.” I looked at the crowd. “I’ll get going first.”

	It was time for war.

	* * *

	While I left the palace, the remaining Hunters from the eleventh stage were being summoned.

	“Whoa. Where am I?”

	“I like it. We’re not at that shabby harbor at least.”

	The Hunters looked around the capital streets like tourists.

	“Huh? Is this acid rain? What’s up with the color…?”

	“Get to cover! Come on!”

	“Hey, it says for our reward we’re supposed to choose a role.”

	“A role? What role?”

	The newly arrived Hunters had no idea what was going on.

	Well, even the High Rankers that got to the twelfth floor doubted each other enough to fight.

	Three of the top ten champions were dead because they were suspicious of each other. Even the front-runners were like that, so I couldn’t expect much from the Hunters who had just arrived.

	Even at this moment, the Demon King’s army was approaching.

	I don’t have to persuade them right now. I’ll stop the attack first using the NPCs!

	I ran down the street, ignoring the Hunters.

	The streets were freaking complicated. Fortunately, I had my mini map, so I had no problem finding the shortest route to the outer walls.

	Just when I got out of the street, someone showed up beside me.

	“Mr. Kim.”

	“Miss Black Dragon Witch?”

	“Call me Black Dragon Master. I don’t like my title.”

	She looked like she was using her aura in her feet to slide smoothly down the street.

	“How did you get here?” I asked.

	“…It’s my Skill. I can teleport to anywhere I can see.”

	What an overpowered Skill!

	—Hey, Zombie. Get killed by her! Her Skill is awesome! I won’t say anything this time! Die, now!

	“Why didn’t you go to the walls?” I asked, ignoring the Guardian.

	“I’m here to pick you up, of course,” the Black Dragon Witch nonchalantly replied. She didn’t look tired at all despite how fast she was moving. “You have a sword that works on these NPCs, don’t you? I saw it on the eleventh floor. I don’t know what sword it is, but it can boost the NPCs’ morale. The person the soldiers on the walls need to see is you, not me.”

	The Black Dragon Witch looked at me.

	“I need your agreement.”

	“What?”

	“I need your explicit agreement that you want to teleport with me. Otherwise, I can’t teleport you.”

	I was a little perplexed. “Hold on. Teleportation Skills must be at least Class S. Are you sure you want to tell me the restriction? That Skill is your ace in the hole.”

	“That’s a weird question.” The Black Dragon Witch wiped her forehead. The incessant downpour kept her locks plastered to her pale skin. Her black eyes bored into me. “According to you, I’m this empire’s prime minister. Isn’t it only natural for the prime minister to use all of her cards to protect her country? We don’t have much time. Any kind of agreement will work, so get on with it.”

	I nodded. “I agree to be the subject of the Black Dragon Master’s Skill.”

	Immediately, the Black Dragon Witch reached out with her left hand and grabbed my right. Her hand was slick from the rain so she locked her fingers with mine.

	“Huh?”

	“…There is one more restriction.” The Black Dragon Witch gripped my hand and whispered, “Teleport.”

	In the blink of an eye, we arrived on the ramparts. As expected, the walls were a scene of anarchy. Despite the imminent arrival of the army of monsters, the soldiers of the empire didn’t—or maybe couldn’t—do anything. They cowered behind the walls, shivering or praying to the goddess.

	“The end is near…”

	“Dear goddess, take pity on us…”

	“Hnngh. Hoooo…”

	They were NPCs, but they behaved no differently from actual humans. Even if they looked like illusions, their fear and despair weren’t imaginary.

	“Black Dragon Master, thank you for bringing me all the way over here. I’ll take it—”

	The Black Dragon Witch sighed. “Hold on. I can’t leave just yet. All I’ve done so far is disgrace myself in front of the rookie.”

	“Pardon?”

	“I didn’t become a guild leader by sitting on my hands.” The Black Dragon Witch took a deep breath. “…Soldiers of the Aegim Empire!”

	She released a black aura that was a little darker than the rain.

	“Rise! What are you doing behind the walls? Do you think the stones will protect you? You’re deluding yourselves! The walls that protect us aren’t these rocks. You are the walls! The soldiers of the empire! Can’t you see?”

	The curled-up soldiers, recognizing the Black Dragon Witch as their prime minister, slowly raised their heads.

	“Prime minister…?”

	“It’s the prime minister.”

	Her remarks spread like wildfire.

	The Black Dragon Witch nodded. “Rise! I command you all to stand. The walls will fall someday, and our homes might be destroyed, but as long as all of you are standing, our Aegim Empire will never fall because you are the empire!”

	She looked completely different from her usual self. Every fiber of her being was charged with emotion.

	“Stand up!” the Black Dragon Witch commanded.

	No trace of her cold, emotionless face could be found. From atop the ramparts, she looked down at the soldiers with burning eyes. Wherever her gaze passed, the soldiers became captivated by her.

	“Get on your feet, soldiers of the empire! You are Aegim’s last bastion and the bones of the empire itself! Warriors raise your weapons! It doesn’t matter whether you hold a spear or a sword! Fight until your blades shatter and your hands bleed! Rise for the empire and for yourselves!” The Black Dragon Witch tightened her grip on my right hand and held it up. “The goddess is with us!”

	I realized what I had to do.

	I drew the holy sword and held it high. The red rain continued to pour down, but the holy sword shone brightly nonetheless. Its white radiance illuminated the soldiers even through the torrent.

	“It’s the first emperor’s sword…”

	“It’s the holy sword. It’s the holy sword that the goddess bestowed on the first emperor!”

	[The Goddess of Protection has expressed her gratitude for your choice.]

	[The Goddess of Protection has gathered every drop of her remaining power.]

	And there was light.

Chapter 31

The Scarlet Sword (1)

	On the eleventh stage, when I had Sarbas Aegim, the NPC general, kill me, I witnessed his trauma. He stood among many other people, screaming.

	—I pity you. You don’t see humans as people.

	No one knew exactly why, when, and where that being showed up from. Its existence didn’t need other people’s understanding.

	—You’re born as humans and yet you devour the lives of other humans. Do you try to console yourselves by claiming that this is the fate of all humans? I call that animal karma. I don’t see a reason why I shouldn’t butcher animals today.

	However, red rain, the rain of nightmares, poured down whenever that being showed up. A river of blood soon flowed across the lands.

	“Retreat!”

	“It’s the rain again…”

	“Run to the land where the rain doesn’t follow!”

	Small countries in remote regions fell first. Next were bigger countries formed by the unions of those small countries. This led to the silent fall of more small countries, those that had been relying on the bigger countries to be their walls.

	The history of mankind was reaching its end as one nation fell after another. Every time a country fell, the land of humans got smaller. Yet the red rain continued.

	“Find a place where it doesn’t rain…”

	It went on.

	“It’s the end. The end of the world.”

	The rain poured down.

	“Dear goddess, please don’t abandon us…”

	And it never stopped. What little land humankind could claim as their own grew smaller and smaller—the history of man was on its last page. Historians carefully sharpened their old quills. They had accepted their fate; the last thing they would write would be, “Thus, humanity has fallen.”

	Only one empire remained on the continent.

	—You pitiful humans, let your malice consume you.

	The master of nightmares. The king of all monsters. The last historians named the being “The Demon King”.

	* * *

	Rain poured down, but the sky was lit as bright as day. The light from my holy sword pierced the red clouds, leaving clear skies wherever it shone.

	“Ohhh…”

	The soldiers, their faces covered in blood rain, turned their eyes to the sky when they realized that the rain had stopped.

	“Oh goddess…”

	Not all of the rain stopped. The downpour only stopped where the holy sword’s light reached, buying them a short reprieve.

	“The goddess…”

	“The goddess protects the empire!”

	However, sometimes a little thing was enough for people, especially for those who were already left with very little. To the people of the empire, their country was the pitiful scraps of what used to be an entire world. They were living the last page of their history.

	The soldiers, generals, low-level civil servants, high-ranking officials… Everyone in the empire knew this fact. That was why no NPCs could be seen in the audience chamber. The empire’s prime minister had given up on the nation’s affairs. The grand general gave up on the military. The Imperial Guards no longer protected the empire. The Imperial Knights didn’t uphold their duties.

	Everyone had abandoned the empire—and that was probably why the Tower chose it as the eleventh stage. Just how the abandoned children were placed in a certain mansion on the tenth floor.

	“Rise!” the Black Witch shouted.

	One after another, the soldiers staggered to their feet. Some soldiers on the walls and their spears; others grabbed their comrades’ hands and helped them up.

	“Stand!”

	The Black Witch told them to become the empire’s last wall. Yes, they would be the walls; just like how the Demon King’s voice passed through the empire’s wall, the Black Witch’s words reached all of the empire’s soldiers.

	“Stand up!”

	“Our prime minister is here! She’s with us!”

	“The first emperor’s sword protects us!”

	Every man returned to his position. The empire’s walls stood. As the soldiers returned to their duties, spears, swords, and other weapons were returned to their hands.

	“Get up. Get up!”

	“You’re disgracing yourselves in front of the prime minister!”

	Aides walked around and slapped the empire’s soldiers until they came to their senses. They adjusted their helmets; blood dripped off of the rims, but it couldn’t block their vision anymore. The soldiers looked toward the enemies with clear eyes.

	“Phew…” The Black Witch sighed quietly and allowed her black aura to gradually subside. A few drops of sweat dotted her forehead along with the red drops of rain.

	“…What?” The Black Witch looked at me. “Is it your first time seeing a Ukrainian giving a speech?”

	“Uh…”

	“My country has had many dictators.” The Black Witch’s lips rose slightly. It took me a moment to realize that she was smiling. “I hate dictators, but there is something to learn from them. They give great speeches.”

	“Huh?”

	The Black Witch’s lips dropped. “…It’s nothing,” she said, her expression blank again.

	What? I had no idea what she was trying to say.

	—I think she’s just embarrassed that her archaic joke didn’t work, the Guardian interjected.

	Huh? That was a joke?

	—I don’t know. It sounded like it, when you respond like that… Forget it. Zombie, don’t ever think about joining a company and sucking up to your boss. Just be a Hunter like you are right now. Okay?

	Although I still didn’t understand what it meant, one thing was clear: the Black Witch’s speech had given our allies a solid start for this battle.

	“What are you going to do from now on, Mr. Kim? I believe we should hold the walls.”

	“You’re right.” I glared at the red horizon.

	Countless monsters surrounded the Demon King. The Black Witch could bring me to the Demon King with her Class S Skill—however, there was no guarantee that the Demon King would be the one who would kill me. We would be mobbed by monsters in no time, and both of us were going to die. I had to find a way to be alone with the Demon King.

	“We have to bring the Hunters up while the soldier NPCs can still hold out. Then we’ll be able to fight on equal terms. Once the Demon King sends in more monsters to breach the wall…”

	“What then?”

	“Please teleport me to the Demon King.”

	The Black Witch stared at me. “You’re going to assassinate it.”

	“Exactly.”

	“Are you planning to die?”

	It was a reasonable question. I was still only a Class E Hunter. Although I didn’t have an exact measure of how strong the Demon King was, this world wouldn’t be on the brink of doom if the Demon King could lose its head to a Class E Hunter. Overwhelmed, inadequate… No words would be enough to fully describe how much of a disadvantage I was facing.

	“I’m planning to win,” I answered. But death didn’t mean defeat to me. It merely was a step on the stairway to victory. “I have a card up my sleeve too. Trust me.”

	The Black Witch sighed. “Yes, like you said, all Hunters have their secrets. I hope your secret weapon is sharp enough to work on that boss monster.”

	—You’re ridiculous, Goddess. Even your frantic last-ditch efforts are puny. Light, huh? Your people won’t be able to reap the fruit of tomorrow, so what is the use of your light on them? Have all these years coddling your pitiful people made you as weak as them?

	—I’ll show them light too.

	A deafening sound rattled the capital city.

	The Black Witch and I didn’t let our guard down. Our eyes were on the Demon King the whole time, so we knew what the sound was coming from.

	On the horizon, the Demon King slowly swung its sword. The blade slowed down the space around it, as if the Demon King was cutting through time. However, what the Demon King was actually cutting was the sky. The Demon King’s strike was like a red laser beam aimed precisely at the gates.

	With a loud explosion, a storm blew over the entire area, enshrouding the area in dust. The Black Witch and I instinctively closed our eyes. Through the thick cloud of dust, I could hear the soldiers’ screams, followed by stone crumbling.

	“Gah. Cough…!”

	After a moment, the storm subsided a little. We immediately turned in the direction of the screams. The remaining dust prickled my eyes painfully, but I was too shocked to notice.

	The Black Witch coughed several times.

	“…Did the Demon King really get weakened?” she whispered.

	The gates were shattered.

	—You pitiful things, the Demon King sneered. Its mocking laughter shook the ground and the sky, slowly blending with the rising dust cloud. The red rain continued to fall.

	—Do you still think you’re the empire?

	* * *

	The gates weren’t the only thing that had fallen. The laser beam had cut straight through the gates and kept going, reducing the streets and the buildings lined up behind them to rubble, and ultimately, the soaring spires of the palace at the far end of the city were caught in the laser beam as well.

	A part of the palace collapsed. Like a ship that hit an iceberg, the ornate palace tipped over and slowly crumbled.

	[A hero has died.]

	[The deceased hero was not the Demon King’s underling.]

	My ears rang. I could hear the sound of the imperial palace breaking apart in the distance, while death was announced in my ear.

	The Black Witch and I exchanged glances.

	“…The audience chamber was there,” the Black Witch said first. “The Sword Star, Inquisitor, and the Viper probably aren’t there because they’re leading the knights, guards, and officers. You asked the Paladin to search for the emperor, so she’ll be busy doing that. That leaves…”

	The Countess, but she wasn’t the traitor.

	“…You shouldn’t have died first, you heartless girl,” the Black Witch muttered to herself.

	She didn’t dwell on it. Instead of giving a long goodbye, she shook her head several times. I assumed that it was her own way of moving past her friend’s death.

	“Black Dragon Master, if Miss Countess actually died, then the outside world…”

	“Let’s… let’s focus on the matter at hand,” the Black Witch quietly answered. The second strongest Hunter in the Tower just glared at the prey on the horizon. “Even the Demon King won’t be able to keep using attacks like that. Mr. Kim, hold the breach with me.”

	The behavior of the red dots on the mini map had changed. Unlike their movements before, which resembled an ocean wave, the red dots were now traveling in a line that led directly to the opening the laser beam had just blown open. Their formation was sharp as a spear. It looked like the monster army was trying to break through.

	“Yes, I think that’s the best course of action.” I grabbed the Black Witch’s hand.

	She nodded. “Teleport.”

	We headed into the breach.

	The monsters were a lot closer now. Goblins, orcs, skeletons… all sorts of monsters came running toward us, howling like animals. The archers atop the ramparts released their arrows, but it was far from enough to stop the red tide. We had around two minutes before the first wave arrived.

	—Zombie, one minute will do. No, it doesn’t matter if you manage for only thirty seconds, the Guardian said.

	Hundreds of monsters emerged from the cloud of dust. However, a hundredfold more monsters were approaching, creating new clouds of dust.

	—Hold out on your own. In order to win this war, you need to become their hope.

	No ally stood in my way. I was alone on the front line.

	—Hold out on your own. It doesn’t matter if it’s only for thirty seconds. It’s important to show them that you can stop those monsters on your own. A hero isn’t someone who survives for thirty years; it’s the person who gives thirty seconds when everyone needs them.

	I dropped my backpack on the floor.

	—Become a hero.

	I pulled out a bottle from my backpack. It contained the elixir made by the Chemist, who would be known as the Master Alchemist in the future.

	—I’ll help you.

	One sip, two sips, three sips… I poured the entire elixir down my throat.

	—I promised sword lessons until we reached the twentieth floor, didn’t I? It’s a little early, but it’s time for a practice session.

	My heart hammered against my chest.

	—Place your back foot at a slight angle.

	It beat in one-second intervals.

	—Put pressure on your front foot.

	My heartbeat became faster.

	—Look forward.

	I did just that.

	—Two goblins are at the very front. Their innate eyesight is already bad, but they’re squinting because of the dust clouds. When their vision is obstructed, creatures instinctively swing their swords wide. They’re trying to get a lucky hit, not worrying about where their enemy is. Thrust your sword before they swing their weapons.

	My heartbeat grew faster over time, but one second became slower and slower.

	—All your holy sword does is shine, but it’s perfect to temporarily blind your enemies. One second on an absolute measure doesn’t matter, but in a fight, it’s one second on their relative scale. Take away their vision and you take one second from your enemies.

	That was how one second for me became a little quicker than my heart.

	—They’re here.

	My sword would be faster than one second.

	—Let’s go, partner. The Guardian stood right next to me. It’s time to be a hero.

	I swung my sword.

Chapter 32

The Scarlet Sword (2)

	I saw a stream of blood spurt across my vision.

	Kieeehhhhh!

	A goblin screamed for a long time. Its scream didn’t die out in my time.

	—One down, the Guardian counted.

	A fan of blood arced through the air, exactly the same color as the rain.

	The drops of blood were still flying and the rain hadn’t hit the ground. And yet, the entire world was scarlet.

	I adjusted my grip on my sword.

	—Take care of the left one next.

	I swung.

	Before the first goblin died, I sliced into the second goblin. It happened in a flash. The goblins didn’t even see me coming. Blood gushed out and screams rose from my left and right. By the time one monster died, another one was dying. This repeated.
