	Another monster started screaming before the last one’s scream died out. The screaming around me never stopped. I wielded my sword like a conductor’s baton; the main instrument in this sonata of screams was also my sword.

	—One second’s passed. Don’t stop. Keep your swings separate. Connect the attacks as you slay your enemies, the Guardian said.

	I wielded my sword.

	—Cut from top to bottom. It’s not over just because your sword is positioned low now. This is just like music. Think about it: a low note is just a stepping stone to go higher again.

	Screams pierced the air.

	—Connect them! If your sword is at the bottom now, swing it up. Build a sequence. That’s how you connect your attacks.

	Another second passed.

	—Time is of the essence when it comes to the sword! A beginner can only control one second at least. One swing and that’s it. They are blinded by this one second, so they don’t know how to connect their attacks. Someone who’s a little more proficient controls five seconds.

	My enemies let out their blood; I let out my breath.

	—Don’t waste the time you have! Don’t waste it! It’s not over because you killed one enemy. Nothing is over. Look for where you should swing next! People let time pass by, but a swordsman should not! Don’t throw away your one second. Live your one second to the fullest.

	My sword flew between me and my enemies; they bled out as I finished exhaling.

	—A swordsman is a man whose life is the sword.

	I swung my sword.

	—Do you think it’s easy to live one second to the fullest? Do you really think you’re living that second?

	I did it again.

	—A man isn’t alive when he just lets the time pass by. The only time he’s genuinely alive is when he devotes his time to something. Gong-Ja, you’re a swordsman, so your life should be the sword.

	My sword was swung once again.

	—Make those seconds in your life shine brighter!

	A goblin clawed my arm until I bled. It made me feel lightheaded and my heart quivered. Despite the horrible pain, I swung my sword and kept looking forward.

	Endless monsters were emerging from the cloud of red dust, which meant that the amount of enmity was equally immeasurable. All of them were monsters who were out to eat my flesh and drink my blood. They charged me, stained blood-red by the rain.

	—Now you’ve reached ten seconds.

	This was ten seconds. Only ten seconds.

	—Burn brighter, Gong-Ja. Don’t let your life slip away. Make it shine.

	I clutched my sword as tightly as I could.

	—Show them who you are.

	And I roared. My voice swept over the front line, to the center of the battlefield and then the gaping breach in the walls. For a moment, the archers shrank back and the monsters swarming out of the dust cloud halted.

	—Fuck yes. That’s it. Now you’re looking a little less like a zombie, boy! The Guardian giggled.

	I sprinted forward. My target was one of the goblins startled by my roar.

	Before it could react, I cut off its head. It flew through the air with its mouth agape.

	My next prey was the orc vacantly watching me kill the goblin. I stabbed its head before it could raise its club. Blood spurted out of the wound.

	A little more.

	I used my sword to kill a skeleton.

	A little more.

	Next was another goblin.

	A little more.

	Many orcs were taken down.

	More! A little more.

	I continued to swing my sword.

	Look at me! Me!

	I was alive. When I used my sword, I was alive.

	A howling ogre surged out of the dust, swinging its huge club. Once, twice… Every time the ogre swung, a small storm followed. It pushed away the thick dust around the collapsed gate.

	Some small goblins were caught by the ogre’s wild swings and slammed into the walls with a sickening crunch. They were reduced to a grisly pulp. The ogre had no sense of camaraderie. I was sure that it didn’t understand kinship, sympathy, or mercy either. That was why the ogre was a beast—an ugly beast. The beast howled loudly, baring its fangs. Its fury was directed solely at me.

	Come.

	Here stood a hunter who was out for his prey.

	I’ll show you.

	The ogre took a step. A part of the castle wall which had precariously managed to remain standing crumbled helplessly.

	The ugly beast had giant feet. Whenever it took a step, the ground trembled, and some of the walls—the empire’s last line of defense—collapsed.

	—Set your feet, look forward, and wield your sword to kill the enemies.

	The task at hand hadn’t changed one bit. I threw myself at the beast.

	The huge beast took another step. That was the moment I had been waiting for. The moment its club came up to throw me out of its way, I moved my sword right in front of it. The holy sword’s white light shot into its eyes.

	However, the ogre was already too far into its swing to change the course of its attack.

	Why? Why did you give a Class EX Skill to a bastard like him?

	A moment stretched into infinity. As I avoided the ogre’s club, I thought about Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor. I wondered… why the Tower had given him the regression Skill.

	It didn’t have to be a saint. All you had to do was give the Skill to a more reasonable, sane person. Then there wouldn’t have been any problem—so why? Why in the world did you have to give that Skill to a psychopath?

	The ogre’s club brushed right past me thanks to the holy sword’s blinding light. It gave me a brief opening, so I ran.

	Wait… Is that it? Yoo Soo-Ha is the only one who could conquer the Tower? Do people have to be like him to stand at the top?

	The ogre’s eyes widened when it realized that I was in the air. The beast tried to use its club on me again, but it was too late.

	Don’t be ridiculous! I’ll clear the twentieth stage instead of the Fire Emperor. Not just the twentieth stage—I’m going to do the same with the thirtieth, fortieth, fiftieth, sixtieth, seventieth, eightieth, ninetieth, ninety-ninth, and the hundredth floor!

	I was going to show them. All the way to the top.

	[Your presence has become stronger.]

	[Hunter Kim Gong-Ja’s level has increased.]

	My sword cut neatly through the ogre’s neck, splashing blood across the ground. The ogre’s hide was tough, but my sword was sharper. Although the ogre had vibrant vitality, it was dull compared to my aura.

	The ogre refused to die. Even in its last moments, it swung its arms. There was no need to panic. I just attacked it one more time.

	[Your Skill Slots have increased.]

	[Your Hunter Class is D.]

	The ogre’s head fell to the ground.

	Its body joined it a little later.

	[May luck be with you.]

	The dust cloud gradually settled.

	I saw the monsters marching for the ruins of the gates. The seemingly endless wave of monsters slowed, cowed by the fall of the huge ogre.

	No sound could be heard other than the rain. The empire’s soldiers watched me from the walls, while the Demon King’s monsters were gripped by fear.

	I stood alone. More eyes were drawn to me with each passing moment, and more of the Demon King’s creatures began to back away.

	—Congratulations, you dominated thirty seconds. The Guardian grinned.

	Someone stepped past me. I could tell who it was just from their back. They were wearing a black suit and had white hair—it was the Sword Star.

	The Sword Star sprinted past, splashing his way through puddles. The strongest Hunter drew his sword and swept it in front of him.

	One attack cost dozens of goblins their heads and just as many orcs their lower bodies, adding more red to the battlefield. One second, two seconds, three seconds… It was over quickly, but the fresh blood was darker than the rain, making the Sword Star’s impact impossible to ignore.

	He slowly turned away from his bloody painting and looked at me. His lips moved, but time was still moving too slow for me to really understand him.

	The Sword Star noticed that I was behaving oddly and smiled faintly. He added a little aura to his voice.

	“…That was splendid.”

	The Sword Star held up his sword in the rain. Its color was red, so his sword remained scarlet even after the rain washed it clean.

	“My name is Marcus Carlenbery, young man.”

	I had no words. I realized that the Sword Star was paying his respects to me in his own way.

	It was my second time listening to the Rank 1 Hunter introducing himself. My first time was when I had still been wandering on the first floor. In a remote alley, the Fire Emperor had clutched my head as he whispered to me, “My name is Yoo Soo-Ha. Goodbye.”

	I had been killed on that day.

	Today, I heard my second introduction. They were different names and belonged to different people. Suddenly I felt that I was different as well. It made me realize that I now had the opportunity to do something that I never got to do the first time.

	“My name is Kim Gong-Ja, sir.”

	Today, I got to introduce myself.

Chapter 33

The Scarlet Sword (3)

	It rained.

	When an inferno tried to burn up an entire plain, it started from a handful of sparks. A deluge that could drown the world began from a few water drops. I couldn’t say that I was an inferno or a deluge, but I had a fistful of sparks and a cup of water in me.

	A senior gentleman stood boldly under the rain. He inclined his head to me. “Let’s fight together, young man.”

	The Sword Star, the Rank 1 Hunter and the imperial knight commander, now joined my side.

	Someone splashed through the puddles—the only thing Demon King’s laser had left in its path—bringing laughter with him.

	“…Hahahaha! I’m sorry I’m late! I would have come a little sooner, but it isn’t easy to move an army!”

	The reflections in the puddles showed me that the laughter belonged to a one-armed priest.

	“Thank you, Mr. Kim. You’ve bought us time. Now it’s my turn.” The Inquisitor adjusted his hat with his only hand.

	It was foggy behind the Inquisitor, but I could hear footfalls in the rain. Thousands of the empire’s soldiers were dodging around the debris and jumping over pits and puddles.

	People who weren’t soldiers also stood with them. Some weren’t even wearing armor. Many of them didn’t even have helmets. They were basically wearing nothing to protect themselves, but they marched forward nonetheless.

	“Everyone, I order you as the Grand General…” The Inquisitor grinned. Thousands of soldiers and tens of thousands of citizens roared in reply. “Butcher those sons of bitches who dared bare their teeth against the empire!”

	The Inquisitor, the Rank 4 Hunter and leader of the Pantheon, joined the battle.

	“For the empire!”

	It rained, the droplets gathering into a river. The Demon King’s endless waves of monsters stopped. High tide had come and gone, and the waters started to flow away from the ruins of the gates. The tide of battle had turned.

	“The goddess is with us!”

	It rained.

	“Glory to the Aegim Empire!”

	And it rained.

	Ah.

	I didn’t know when I ended up running at the front. I was the first drop of this tsunami.

	On my left was a refugee from a small, remote country wielding a spear. A farmer, who once worked the lands of a destroyed village in the empire, stood on my right side, swinging a pickaxe. When I looked behind me, a Hunter brandished a sword, her equipment no better than mine.

	All of them kept talking, but I couldn’t understand them. Perhaps it was the rain. Or it was the people’s yelling. Could it be the monsters’ screaming? Maybe it was because my time was slowed down. Or was it because I was wielding my sword? It could be because I, a water drop, was flowing with them.

	Further and further. I had to go further until the inferno burned everything across the land and the deluge reached every corner.

	“…Hey.”

	Among tens of thousands of voices and hundreds of millions of drops, one touched my shoulder and talked to me. He was wearing an eyepatch.

	“Good job. Sorry I’m late. I should have come sooner. Tsk! I had to bring my guild members with the Imperial Guards. But don’t worry, I’ll show you why my guild is called the OJP Se—”

	The man stopped talking. Why did he stop? He just looked at me with his one eye.

	“You aren’t listening. Is it trance? Haha. You’re really something else, aren’t you? I like you, kid.” He laughed quietly.

	“Hey, my name is Rao Fan. You probably can’t hear me, but it doesn’t matter… You saved my life earlier in the audience chamber. As the OJP Sect’s leader, I can’t leave my debt unpaid. Keep going forward. Don’t look back—I’ll take the enemies on your left.”

	He picked up a sword.

	“Remember, this is premium service. No one who stood by my right side ever died.”

	It rained and rained.

	“Go, Rising Star. I have your back.”

	My sword rode the swelling tide.

	“I’m sorry I’m late! I was busy looking for the emperor. I did find him, but he already killed himself with poison. I don’t think using the emperor to bring together an army is an option. I’m really sorry. I have no excuse.”

	“It’s okay. We won’t need any more manpower. You can just join us and fight, Miss Paladin.”

	“Of course. Hmm? What’s wrong with Mr. Kim Gong-Ja…?”

	“Don’t interrupt him. He’s enjoying a golden moment.”

	The rain continued.

	—Pitiful ones. Just because you have time, do you really think it belongs to you? Yes, the goddess has been looking after you, but her power dwindles. There is no more god in the empire. What will you rely on then? Yourselves? Can you prove yourselves?

	The Demon King’s sneer blended with the rain.

	— Fine. Show me.

	I saw a red light, but many things stood in my way.

	“Hey, Witch! Pull up your mirrors!”

	“I know. I missed the first time, but I’m not letting it happen again!”

	“Old man! Once she scatters the laser beam, let’s cut it down!”

	“I can do it on my own.”

	“It’s coming, people!”

	The rain continued.

	“…Scatter.”

	Six mirrors flashed as the red beam hit them. The first, second, and third mirrors were destroyed. However, the fourth mirror held out and deflected the entire red laser beam.

	“Sword Star! Viper!”

	I heard a gasp and an exhale. In between, both the sky and the red laser beam were split like Moses parting the Red Sea.

	Five distinct voices continued to chatter.

	“See? See! My prime is far from over!”

	“You could throw a little more weight into it instead of messing around.”

	“Now is your chance!” one of them whispered in my ears. “I’ll teleport you straight to the Demon King. Everyone, hold onto me!”

	“Hurry! All of this is for nothing if the Demon King summons more monsters again!”

	The five voices overlapped and became one. Someone reached out to me.

	“Hunter Kim Gong-Ja!”

	Rain was dripping down her face.

	“Grab it!”

	“We don’t have much time. Come on!”

	The eternity came to an end. I could see the people making the noise. Where I was, why I was here… Every memory came back to me.

	I was in the center of a battlefield. The empire’s soldiers and citizens were pushing back the line of monsters. More Hunters poured out of the breach; they’d finally figured out what was happening on the twelfth floor.

	“Hunter Kim Gong-Ja!”

	The High Rankers and I stood at the front line, in front of an innumerable mass of humans. The Demon King’s red laser beam had also obliterated monsters, so it was an empty highway from where we stood all the way to the Demon King. More monsters would come to fill up the pathway, but they weren’t there yet.

	“Come on!”

	The High Rankers were all gathered in the same spot. It was a bit ridiculous in a way. The Inquisitor was piggybacking on the Viper, who was holding the Sword Star’s arm with a grimace. The old man put his hand on the Paladin’s shoulder with an even uglier expression. The Paladin indifferently grabbed the Black Witch’s left hand.

	…If I took a photo and uploaded it online it would instantly go viral, I whimsically thought as soon as I saw it. It certainly wasn’t an everyday occasion.

	While I was lost in a silly thought, the Black Witch yelled, “I’m going to leave you here on your own if you don’t take my hand right now!

	She was holding out her right hand.

	Ahh.

	I realized that what I was watching was going to disappear soon.

	When the Sword Star and I had a sharp quarrel, he had sheathed his sword only after the Paladin’s earnest persuasion. He had bowed to me to express his apology, but the Inquisitor had brutally murdered three Hunters later.

	We had fought against each other, stopped fighting, and now were fighting together.

	Everything will disappear.

	All of them were going to fade away like the rain.

	They won’t remember anything.

	However, that was okay.

	—What are you doing, Partner? We have to go take down the boss monster.

	Even if they couldn’t remember any of what happened, it didn’t mean that any of it was meaningless. I had my sword. And, on this floor, there was a man who had died on the first floor and another man who died on the ninety-ninth floor. No one remembered their deaths, but we were here nonetheless.

	“…Okay.”

	Once I regressed, all of the problems would be unsolved. The Sword Star would be suspicious of me. When it was time to choose our rewards, the Hunters would turn on each other again.

	“Let’s go.”

	However, I was a little stronger. I wasn’t going to let innocent people die. Nor was I going to let the Countess get killed and sever the Tower’s connection to the outside world. I now had an idea of who the traitor was, so I was confident that I could do a little better.

	“Good!” The Black Witch grabbed my hand tightly. “Teleport!”

	We crossed the battlefield and dived through the air. Five of us landed simultaneously in front of the Demon King, who stood proud with a sword in hand.

	—How amusing. The goddess’s heroes are here.

	The Demon King was dark. It was like a shadow taking the form of a human. It had a head but not a face; arms and legs, but not hands and feet. The Demon King didn’t seem to be standing on the ground—it looked precariously planted, as if collapsing where it stood.

	The Demon King was actually collapsing—its skin dripped like that sewer sludge. However, new sludge emerged from within the Demon King as it dripped away.

	The master of nightmares. The moving and eternally rotting shadow. This was the Demon King.

	—Heroes, do you know that you have a traitor among you? I’m sure you do. Yet you try to weave your shattered trust and make it into your armor. Do you really think it will work?

	I really didn’t see the reason to listen to the Demon King. I grabbed my sword and leaped forward.

	“Mr. Kim!” the Paladin shouted, shocked. “No! Wait! You can’t go on your own! We need to work together—”

	I’m sorry. See you in the next life. You won’t remember what happened today.

	—Are you here to kill me, Hero? The Demon King looked at me charge forward on my own and laughed.

	Its laughter was bizarre. Since it didn’t have eyes or a mouth, the laughter seemed to originate in its skin. Whenever a streak of shadow dripped down its mass, a burst of laughter emerged.

	—You’re a fool. The Demon King swung its sword.

	It was impossible for me to stop the attack at my current level, so I didn’t even bother holding up my holy sword and pretending to block it. Instead, I politely raised my middle finger right before the blade sliced through my neck.

	“No, I came here to get killed by you, fucker. See you in the next life too.”

	It was short, but I didn’t miss the Demon King’s laughter coming to an abrupt halt.

	“…!… Wa—!”

	Soon, I couldn’t hear anything. My vision, the pain… my senses began to fade as I lost consciousness. However, I could feel the rain dripping on my face until the very end.

	[You have died.]

	[It has been determined that your death met the requirement for the Skill’s activation.]

	[Duplicating Monster: Demon King of Autumn Rain’s Skills at random.]

	[Creating Skill Cards.]

	It was time for round two.

Chapter 34

My Death (1)

	Now I could say I was back to this place. Yes, I was back again.

	[Duplicating Monster: Demon King of Autumn Rain’s Skills at random.]

	My consciousness ended up in the Underworld, the pit of my hell. People had called me a loser, and I was one. I had then received an opportunity here when I had died in the fire that people called the Fire Emperor. I didn’t miss the opportunity that the Tower had given me.

	[Creating Skill Cards.]

	But why? Out of all of the people in the world, why had the Tower given me an opportunity like that? I used to be a loser who would scroll through internet communities consumed by jealousy. Why had I received that chance? The question was similar to “Why did the Tower grant such power to Yoo Soo-Ha, the psychopath?”

	—I’ve finished reading the Skill Cards. Do you want me to read them out to you now? the Guardian asked.

	Yes, please.

	—Okay!

	As I listened to the Skills that the Guardian recited, I thought that perhaps the Tower was disappointed by the way Hunters handled their gifts.

	Grudge Rain

	Class: S-

	Effects: They don’t see and can’t see. Humans believe that things don’t exist when they can’t see it. “They’re blind.” Yes, they are. “They’re fools.” If so, show them. Show them how many lives have died because of their ignorance. The sky will gladly return all of the innocent blood that was spilled.

	※However, only as much innocent blood as you have seen being spilled will rain down.

	I was certain that Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, had crushed the tenth floor. I didn’t mean that he had cleared it quickly—he would have literally crushed the mansion, ignoring the children’s grudges, resentment, and cries of pain. The Tower must have been disappointed by his resolution.

	What’s the next Skill?

	—It’s this, the Guardian said.

	Heart’s Echoing Cry

	Class: A+

	Effects: Your aura is strengthened, fueled by your emotion. The stronger the emotion is, the stronger your aura becomes. Vengeance, hatred, sorrow, anger, love… It doesn’t matter what kind of emotion it is. A fire burns on fuel.

	※However, you will become addicted to the emotion over time.

	I took my time pondering the matter. Yes, the Tower must have been disappointed.

	Every floor has a hidden quest.

	Just like how there was a quest to console the children in the Infernal Mansion, I assumed that the twelfth floor would have one too. I listened intently to the Guardian, hoping to find the answer in his words.

	Monster Legion Summon

	Class: SS

	Effects: You are able to summon those you’ve killed as monsters. The deceased won’t have their original abilities or their memories. They are only summoned as monsters like goblins, orcs, zombies, and skeletons.

	※However, you can summon your legion only once a week.

	Even aside from those three Skills, the Demon King of Autumn Rain had many lesser Skills, but those three drew my attention the most.

	…Okay. I nodded. I’ve made up my mind.

	I decided what Skill I was going to choose and how I was going to clear the twelfth to the twentieth floors.

	I’ll choose this.

	—Huh? That one? The Guardian tilted his head, surprised by my choice. Hmm… I’m not sure about this.

	I believe this will be the best Skill to clear through to the twentieth stage.

	—Well… You can give it a go. I don’t know what your plan is, but I’m sure it involves weaseling.

	You can look forward to it. I stopped as I was reaching for the card to ask, Mr. Sword Emperor—come to think of it, you know the Sword Star’s daily routine pretty well, right?

	—Huh? Yeah, I do. His daily routine is the same day in and day out. He’s an old man through and through.

	I need his evening schedule.

	—Alright.

	I grabbed the card, the voice rang out in the dark world.

	[You have chosen a Skill Card.]

	[Copying the Skill.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	And so I went back a day.

	[Your Hunter Class is D.]

	[Initiating your Skill penalty.]

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	Of course, I had to deal with the penalty and witnessed the so-called Demon King of Autumn Rain’s trauma… But my priority now was resolving the problems waiting for me on the twelfth floor.

	[The penalty’s intensity level is intermediate.]

	[The penalty’s theme is the Preta[1] Realm.]

	Experiencing the nightmare could wait.

	* * *

	The Guardian taught me to live the entire second and how difficult it was for a human to live even one second properly. Today, I realized just how true that was.

	“…Are you going already?” The Black Witch looked up at me from her chair in the cafe.

	It wasn’t just her—all of the Five Guild’s leaders were watching me, each with a different intent. Even the Countess, who had died in the Demon King’s attack on the twelfth floor, smiled faintly as she fanned herself.

	I was back in the cafe in Babylon where I had made a treaty with the guild leaders.

	All that was one day…

	Once again, my mind was blown by how long twenty-four hours was. We had begun a new era, cleared the eleventh floor, and fought the Demon King on the twelfth floor. I couldn’t believe that all that happened in less than a day.

	“…Yes, the eleventh floor is opening soon.” My voice choked up a little. I cleared my throat before continuing, “I’d better get ready so I won’t fall behind.”

	“We don’t know what kind of place the eleventh floor is. How are you going to prepare?”

	There was no problem on the eleventh floor. The problems began on the twelfth floor where the Demon King interfered. There, they would be divided against themselves. One of them would even go so far as to betray the rest of them. That could not be reversed. There would be casualties.

	“…Mr. Kim?” The Black Witch’s brows furrowed. “Are you okay? You suddenly don’t look too good. Are you sick?”

	“Mmm? No, I’m fine. It’s just that all of you are such incredible people who lead guilds of your own, so I got a little choked up being here with you. It makes me realize how much things have changed,” I calmly lied. The Guardian watched me without saying anything. “Anyway, yes, you’re right. I know what the eleventh floor is like—and I also know what the quest is.”

	The guild leaders’ expressions changed. Information was as valuable as lives, and I had basically just told them that I had a clue to a problem that their lives depended on. I could understand their reaction.

	“I received information for clearing the eleventh floor.”

	“…And you’re revealing it right now,” the Black Dragon cautiously said. “Can we take it that you’re willing to share the information?”

	“Of course. But I have a condition.” I raised my index finger.

	“Go on. I’m happy to listen.”

	“When I ask you for a favor someday, please do it, no matter what.” I looked at each and every one of the Hunters sitting around the table.

	A favor sounded like a small thing, but it carried a lot of weight. The Hunters looked torn.

	“What is this favor?”

	“I can’t tell you yet, but I can promise you that it will not endanger your lives nor am I going to ask you for money. I’m not going to ask you to kill someone for me, either. You can just say no if the favor I ask you for is impossible.”

	The Inquisitor stroked his chin with his right hand—the hand he had lost to the Sword Star’s sword during the last try. “It sounds reasonable to me. Frankly, I think it’s an extremely good deal for us, haha! This information will help us handle the next floor better; there are rarely any problems that can’t be solved with enough information. I say yes!”

	“Hmm. Since we still have a say in it… I’m good with it too.” The Countess nodded.

	The other guild leaders contemplated it and eventually agreed to my terms.

	Alright.

	The first stage of my plan was finished.

	“The eleventh to the twentieth floors are based on an empire in another world known as the Aegim Empire,” I quietly began to explain. “They’re under attack by the Demon King. The eleventh floor is a battle over their supply lines and…”

	When I finished explaining the eleventh floor, the guild leaders began to discuss among themselves. They were buzzing with ideas.

	“…I see. Everything so far has just been a tutorial. We’ll be thrown straight into a large battle on the eleventh floor.”

	“This is invaluable information.”

	“Right! Our strategies are going to change completely!”

	“We’ll need to share some of this with our guild members too. Phew. But my MA kids aren’t exactly fighters…”

	I nodded. It’ll be a lot easier to clear the eleventh floor now.

	The future was already changing in many ways, but it wasn’t enough.

	“Then I’ll get going…” I stood up from my seat. “Ah, Miss Paladin.”

	The Paladin looked up from her third americano. “What’s wrong?”

	“You’re the assistant leader of the Watchmen League. Would you like to take a short walk outside? I want to talk to you about something.”

	The Paladin took a look around and shrugged. “Well, I was going to leave soon anyway. It’s okay as long as it doesn’t take too long…”

	“It won’t. Thirty minutes will be enough.”

	“Then it’s okay.” The Paladin put down her coffee cup. “I’ll gladly go on a date.”

	* * *

	The city was packed with people. In a plaza, at a bench next to a fountain, or at an outdoor restaurant, the Hunters were all talking about who cleared the tenth floor.

	“Look, no announcement was made yet! An obscure, rookie Hunter cleared the floor!”

	“I really don’t think it’s that. I’m pretty sure that the Five Guilds are coordinating something before they make an announcement.”

	“Seriously. Who cleared it…?”

	“I want to clear a stage too.”

	Their tomorrow had been erased, so clearing the tenth-floor stage was a brand new event to them. I was the only one who weathered the flow of time untouched.

	—Hey, Zombie. He’s here. He’s coming.

	No, I technically wasn’t alone. The Guardian was by my side.

	Are you sure? I asked.

	—Yeah, I am. Don’t look back.

	Several conditions had to be met to clear the twelfth floor safely. One was to get the cooperation of the Five Guild’s leaders. And the second one was… to make the Sword Star not antagonize me.

	Solving the Sword Star’s misunderstanding on the twelfth floor would be too late. I should do it before I climb the Tower.

	On my last try, I could feel the animosity between the Sword Star and the guild leaders viscerally. The moment he pointed his sword at me, he would trigger a fight with them. They were already at each other’s throats, but the traitor was like dropping a bomb at their feet. It was a fast track to destruction and disaster.

	—Wow, marvelous. You probably won’t find him even if you look. Gramps Marcus has a stealth Skill too.

	Okay. Just keep an eye on him and see if he continues to follow me.

	I was baiting the Sword Star. After learning his daily routine from the Guardian, I had used that knowledge to catch the Sword Star’s attention. The Sword Star was now following me, abandoning his dinner at his usual outdoor restaurant.

	The Paladin, walking beside me, didn’t know about that, of course.

	“Mr. Kim. Where are we going? This alley only leads to a bit of a shady neighborhood…”

	“There’s a shop that I want to introduce you to.”

	“A shop?”

	“Yes. It’s run by an obscure Chemist, but she’s really good. I’m sure she’ll be a hit once she makes herself known, but things aren’t too good for her right now because advertising herself isn’t easy. You can take a look at her merchandise and help her if you also think she’s good.”

	The Paladin stared at me. I knew what she was doing.

	She activated her Lie Detector.

	“Do you mean what you said?” she asked.

	“Of course. Why would I lie to you?”

	I wasn’t lying since I really was going to introduce her to the Chemist’s shop.

	“I’m only saying this out of concern—are you up to anything suspicious?”

	“I’m just seeking your help, Miss Paladin. Even if anything dangerous happens, it’s my life that’ll be in danger, not yours. Trust me.”

	Everything I said was true.

	The Paladin slowly nodded. “I’m sorry,” she said with a small smile. “I often hear I’m too paranoid. Let’s keep going.”

	Okay. Another stage of my plan has been cleared.

	We passed through the alley and safely arrived at the Chemist’s shop. The Chemist was carrying a heavy box—it looked like she’d gotten a new machine for her shop. At first, she tilted her head in confusion at us when we approached, but she broke out into a bright smile when she recognized me.

	“Ah! Sir!”

	“Are you closed for the day?”

	“Hahaha. Yes, I am, but the shop is always open for you, sir! You’re my first regular customer.” The Chemist put down her box.

	Only a matter of days ago, her hair and clothes were in shambles; now she looked like a completely different woman. It seemed she had been to a salon and purchased new clothes, because she was the image of a proper shopkeeper.

	“Phew. Oh, I’m sorry. She’s…?”

	“She’s the Hunter who currently occupies the role of the Watchmen League’s assistant leader. You’ve heard of her, right? Her title is Paladin.”

	The Chemist’s lip quivered. “…The what? T-the W-watchmen League’s assistant leader?”

	“Yup.”

	“She’s literally from another league!”

	I guess this was a normal reaction for an ordinary Hunter.

	“W-what brings you to my humble shop, assistant leader…? Hic! Is it for narcotics? Is this a narcotic raid? I-I never made any drugs! My shop is in a shady alley, but I’ve never made any narcotics. I never made a gram of bad potions, either! I lived true to my morals and I’ll continue to do so. Please don’t close down my shop!”

	The Chemist prostrated herself in front of the Paladin. This was not a normal reaction.

	The Paladin looked lost. According to her Lie Detector, everything the Chemist said was true, so the Paladin was left wondering if the Chemist was a weirdo or a conscientious merchant.

	“Now, now. Don’t worry.” I patted the Chemist’s shoulders. “I’m not here to tattle on you to the Watchmen League. I know how skilled you are and I know you have a heart of gold.”

	“Then…”

	“Your business isn’t too good despite your skills. It always sat wrong with me, so I’m here to introduce you to the assistant leader here.”

	The Chemist looked up, slack-jawed. “You mean you…”

	“I mean what I said. Why don’t you give her some samples? Who knows? If she thinks it’s good, she might sign an exclusive contract for the Watchmen League. It’ll make things a lot easier for you.”

	The Chemist blinked. It seemed she needed a little time to process what I told her just now.

	She grabbed my hands. “Y-you’re an angel…!”

	I’m Gong-Ja, not an angel.

	“You made a really big order right before I was about to sell my shop. A-and now you’re bringing me more clients… Are you really an angel…? How do I repay you…?”

	The eyes of the Chemist, who was going to one day be called the Master Alchemist, sparkled brightly.

	Just then, we heard new footsteps in the quiet alley. It was quite loud, so the Paladin, the Chemist, and I all turned to look.

	“…Everyone, leave me and that young man over there alone.” An elderly man in a neat suit glared coldly at me. It was the Sword Star, the senior gentleman who was yet to trust me. “I would like to have a private conversation with him.”

	Alright. Now it was time to fulfill the second condition.

* * *

	1. A preta is a ghost from religions and mythology. Its hunger is said to be insatiable. ☜

Chapter 35

My Death (2)

	“Sword Star…?” The Paladin’s brows furrowed. “What business do you have here?”

	She wouldn’t have expected to meet the Sword Star in an alley like this. Unexpected meeting aside, the bloodlust that the Sword Star exuded made it very hard to think it was a coincidence.

	“Do you have a hearing problem already, young lady?” the Sword Star, snapped, openly belligerent. “I told you to move because I have a business with that young man over there.”

	“Your tongue is quite sharp. Why would you need to be alone with Mr. Kim Gong-Ja?”

	“Hmph. I don’t care what his name is.”

	The alley was instantly fraught with tension. The Paladin’s furrowed brows now sat above a pair of glaring, vigilant eyes. She was a highly competent woman who was second-in-command of a major guild, so she had already noticed that his business with me was anything but pleasant.

	“Get out of my way,” the Sword Star said. “I’ve already told you three times.”

	“When something is not going to happen, it doesn’t matter if you say it three or thirty times, Sword Star. Has your age made you forget the most simple truths of life?” The Paladin slowly reached for her sword. “Mr. Kim Gong-Ja joined all of the Five Guilds, which means that attacking him is a declaration of war against all of the guilds. I don’t know what you’re trying to do here, but don’t think that I, the Watchmen League’s assistant leader, will just watch.”

	“Ha!” The Sword Star sneered. “I knew it. All of you are in on it together.”

	“…Together? I really don’t understand what you’re trying to do here.”

	The alley grew menacing.

	“I’ve already received several reports about your occasional man hunts, Sword Star. The Watchmen League isn’t free enough to interfere with your personal beliefs, but I’m not about to let you do it right in front of me.”

	“Different?”

	“I’ll stop you with my life.”

	“Do you think you’re good enough to stop me?”

	“No.” The Paladin glared at the Sword Star, unfazed. “I’ll fight you with all my might and I’ll die. When I do, you’ll become the scumbag who butchered an innocent woman. Feel free to come at me if that’s how you want to spend the rest of your life. I’m sure you don’t have much time left anyway. I’ll make sure to turn the whole thing into a nightmare.”

	The Sword Star’s wrinkled face was scrunched up.

	The sun was rapidly setting over the alley. It was already evening. In the far distance, we could hear the sound of pedestrians passing by, but no one except us entered the alley to interrupt the Sword Star and the Paladin’s confrontation.

	Yes, I brought the Paladin to create this situation.

	The Sword Star is weak to the innocent.

	And the Paladin was probably the only innocent person among the Five Guilds’ leaders. In the last try, when the Sword Star had tried to kill me in the twelfth stage, the Paladin had volunteered to mediate between him and me. He had readily accepted her offer with a mysterious remark.

	“…Miss Paladin, you’re the only person here who hasn’t killed any humans,” the Sword Star mused. “Okay, I’ll trust you on this, too.”

	It sounded like an off-hand comment, but I didn’t miss the deeper meaning.

	It means the Paladin’s kill count is zero.

	Even if the Sword Star had violent principles—no, it was those extreme principles of his that made the Paladin a good person in his eyes.

	The Sword Star won’t be able to harm the Paladin.

	They were a good combination, really. To those who were evil, the Sword Star was a fearsome executioner, but he was merely a harmless old man to good people.

	Besides, it isn’t just the Paladin.

	The Chemist stood between me and the Sword Star. She had been frozen stiff due to the Paladin and Sword Star’s arrival, but she finally worked up the courage to step between me and the Sword Star.

	“E-excuse me!” The Chemist was so nervous that her teeth clattered as she went on. She opened and closed her mouth, but her arms were spread wide. “I have no idea what is going on… but this c-customer! Is my savior!”

	The Chemist was going to be the Master Alchemist, who would be the leader of the Alchemist Office and had a tremendously successful career in her future—but that wasn’t her right now. Right now she was trying to muster every scrap of courage she could get.

	“Babylon doesn’t have laws like the outside world, but… it’s only natural to protect my customers… I won’t let anyone hurt my customer, even you, Sword Star! I-I already have enough problems because of some roughhousing gangsters! I’m sorry, but I’m officially asking you to leave the premises!” the Chemist yelled.

	If she were to fight the Sword Star directly, she would lose her head in less than a second. Yet… instead, his hostility weakened for the same reason as before.

	The Saintess, the Paladin, and the Master Alchemist—they would be known for their kindness in the future.

	When the Fire Emperor burned down the slum, the Paladin and Alchemist were the first ones to arrive at the site.

	Kind people always sacrificed a little more and dealt with a little more stress than other people, so many people treated them as pushovers. However, they were the only kind of people who could stop the Sword Star. No one else could do it.

	“What are you going to do?” the Paladin asked. “I’m more than willing to play along if you want to make your life miserable.”

	The Sword Star was at a loss—but supposing that my speculation was right, the result was already decided. After a long, tense moment, he took his hand off of his sword.

	“…I suppose today is not the day.” The Sword Star’s bloodlust subsided. Even as he slowly turned back, he continued to glare at me. “Pray you don’t run into me again. If it wasn’t for Miss Paladin and the shopkeeper over there, your head would already be rolling.”

	Good. The second condition was now met. Unlike last time, where he had attacked me as soon as he had seen me, I would be able to briefly talk to him before he would try to kill me again. A brief moment was all I needed.

	“Mr. Sword Star!” I shouted before he turned his back on me. “I’ll wait for you in the vacant lot north of the city at noon tomorrow! It’s okay even if you choose not to come. I’ll wait for you alone. I mean it! Please come at noon tomorrow if you want to know what kind of person I am!”

	The Sword Star turned his head just enough to glare at me. His blue eyes peered at me, but he did nothing else. The Sword Star quietly left the alley without giving me an answer.

	Only when his footsteps had completely faded away did the Paladin finally heave a sigh of relief. “Phew! That was a close call. I didn’t expect to run into a homicidal tyrant.”

	“…Is that what people think of the Sword Star?”

	The Paladin shook her head. “It isn’t a well-known fact, but the Five Guild leaders, at least, are very familiar. When he was in the outside world, he lost his daughter to a murderer. I don’t really know the details because he isn’t really the type to talk about himself. Regardless, it seems to have made him merciless and cruel to murderers. But, well, the Five Guilds and I are basically overlooking the matter due to a lack of evidence… Hmm, I’m sure you already know this, but this stays between us.”

	—Yeah, Gramps Marcus told me about it. A serial killer murdered his daughter and son-in-law. Only his two grandchildren survived, the Guardian interrupted.

	Why did you wait this long to tell me that? I asked in disbelief.

	—Huh? What are you talking about? You didn’t ask me, the Guardian shamelessly answered.

	Yeah, that was the kind of person he was.

	“Well, I can understand how he feels.” The Paladin looked around with a bitter expression. Despite the evening glow, the shabby alley in the city’s poorest neighborhood was shrouded in shadows.

	“My time at the Watchmen League’s given me a fair number of encounters with criminals. When I talk to them, I often wonder if it’s truly okay to leave people like them alive. Even I sometimes have the urge to kill the ones who deserve it,” the Paladin mused. “All of the major guilds’ leaders have stories of their own, Mr. Kim. Since you’re working with us now, I’m sure you’ll eventually hear them, but… some of them are so rotten that it reeks. I wonder how you’ll react… Hmm.”

	The Paladin shook her head. Maybe she thought that she had said too much to people outside her guild.

	“I got sidetracked.”

	She purposefully made her voice brighter.

	“So how much does a potion cost here? The Watchmen League’s budget is always tight, so if it’s too expensive…”

	* * *

	The next day, I stood in the vacant lot, looking at my smartphone. People barely passed by this place on a usual day, but not a single person could be seen today. It was only natural because the Hunters were having a festival in the plaza, similar to my last try.

	But some things changed.

	I read the articles being published on my smartphone.

	—Breaking News! The eleventh floor is a group battle. All of the Black Dragon Guild’s executives have been summoned.”

	—In the middle of the festival, the major guilds are urgently forming Hunter Raid Teams…

	—An exclusive Interview with the Inquisitor! “Get into a team if you want to clear the eleventh floor.”

	—Is this another collusion by the major guilds?

	—The source of information remains a mystery…

	Yes, the world was a little different. I was the one who changed it, and it was going to change a little more.

	The Sword Star slowly walked across the lot toward me. His black suit made the sky behind him look especially blue today. I heard distant cheers coming from the city. The glowing countdown hung in the sky.

	[00:01:31]

	The Sword Star put the sky, the cheers, the countdown, and everything else behind him as he approached.

	“You actually came alone. Are you confident that you can handle me on your own? Well, I guess it’s only natural for an assassin with a body count like yours to have confidence in his skills.”

	I found the look in his eyes quite unfamiliar. It was completely different from the last try where those eyes had held recognition and trust. Both emotions were nowhere to be found right now—instead, they were replaced by distrust and hostility. This time, he looked at a killer.

	—Zombie, are you okay?

	Yeah, I’m fine, I answered. My heart just ached a little.

	I got myself together.

	“Mr. Sword Star. There’s something I would like to talk to you about.”

	“Go on. I’ll listen to your last words.”

	“I know why you’re trying to kill me.”

	The Sword Star’s mouth curled into a smirk. “I see. You know your crime, don’t you.”

	“It’s because of your Skill, Detective Eyes.”

	The Sword Star stiffened. “How in the world did you know that…?”

	“I really need you to trust what I’m about to tell you,” I said. I knew how difficult it was to gain someone’s trust.

	Everyone was stubborn in their own ways. The Sword Star’s stubbornness came from his Skill Detective Eyes, the Skill that showed him people’s kill counts. He just ignored the fact that the Skill might be wrong and could lead him awry.

	That was how the senior gentleman had been living until now. That was why I called it stubbornness—stubbornness couldn’t be separated from the stubborn person’s life because they were inextricably linked together. The moment that person gave up on their beliefs was the day they gave up on life.

	That’s the type of person I have to persuade.

	I had to make him abandon everything he’d done in life. On top of that, I had to make him trust me. Again, how difficult was this?

	But… I can do it. I clenched my fists. I can put my life on the line too.

	“Mr. Sword Star,” I said, “I’m a clairvoyant.”

	“What?”

	“I have a Skill that allows me to see the future. That’s how I know about your Detective Eyes. You’re going to kill me. Before you do it, I ask you why I should die and you tell me about your Detective Eyes. According to the Skill, I have the number ‘4093’ above my head.”

	It was a little lie, but I had to do it to persuade the Sword Star. I could only safely clear the twelfth floor if he was convinced that I could see the future.

	[00:00:00]

	The countdown in the sky reached zero. Fireworks went off in the distance, and people loudly celebrated the beginning of a new era. The Sword Star and I were the only ones who stayed away from the festival.

	After a while of staring silently at me, the Sword Star said, “…Guess.”

	“Guess what?”

	“My left hand is behind my back. Guess how many fingers I’m holding up. If you’re a clairvoyant, you won’t have trouble figuring out the answer.”

	Okay. So this was how he was going to react. I’d expected something like this.

	“If you give me an incorrect answer, I’ll assume that you dared to pull a wool over my…”

	The Sword Star was probably prepared for any possible way I could attack. An ambush, an item, a Skill… He would have stopped any kind of attack with ease, but he wouldn’t have expected this: before the Sword Star finished speaking, I pulled out my dagger. He immediately noticed it and took a defensive stance.

	Then I stabbed myself in the neck.

	“What?” The Sword Star’s eyes widened.

	He had been prepared for an attack against him, not me stabbing myself in the neck. I could kill myself thanks to his tiny oversight.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	It was all I needed. I restarted the day. After climbing down the hill where the Infernal Mansion was, I met the Five Guild leaders and played poker. I won. A little later, I asked the Paladin to join me and headed to the Chemist’s shop. In that alley, I ran into the Sword Star, and the Paladin and Chemist stood up for me. The Sword Star stood down, and I shouted at him to meet tomorrow at noon.

	[00:00:00]

	And here I was. Just like yesterday, the Sword Star said, “…Guess.”

	The test was the same as the last one, but my reaction was different this time. Instead of parroting him like a fool, I said, “You’re going to hide your left hand behind your back. You’ll hold up your fingers and ask me to guess how many they are. You’ll say that if I’m a real clairvoyant, I’ll figure it out with ease.”

	The Sword Star stiffened.

	“Mr. Sword Star, please trust me. I do have a Skill that helps me act like a clairvoyant. It’s easy to kill me here, but it’s impossible to safely clear the twelfth stage if you kill me. Many people will die.”

	“…Wait. Hold on,” the Sword Star said. “This isn’t enough evidence. You might have X-Ray Vision or a mind-reading Skill. There’s no guarantee that you’re a clairvoyant…”

	Yeah, one time wouldn’t be enough. I expected that.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	It wasn’t easy to persuade someone, especially if they were an old man at the top of his field.

	“That isn’t enough evidence. You might have—”

	“You think that I might have X-Ray Vision or a mind-reading Skill, not clairvoyance. There’s no guarantee that I’m actually a clairvoyant.”

	But it was okay. He could test me all he wanted.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	Doubt me as much as you need to.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	It didn’t matter if it took a week or fifteen days.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	I was confident that I could persuade him. My death made my time longer than his life.

	The Sword Star pursed his lip after all his doubts had been quelled.

	“Please trust me, Mr. Sword Star. You can’t kill me here. Otherwise, there will be many casualties on the twelfth stage. I’m speaking the truth. I’m not trying to tell you that I’m innocent or asking you to spare me forever.”

	“…Then what do you want?”

	“Give me five days.” I held up my fingers. “Don’t kill me for the next five days. Keep an eye on me and see for yourself if I really deserve to die.”

	The Sword Star was silent, but there was no need to take my dagger and stab myself again. I knew he was still torn. He needed something to push him over that final hurdle, and I knew exactly what that was.

	“You still can’t trust me. Later, though, you’re going to tell me a name that will instantly make you believe me.”

	“…What is it?”

	“Sword Emperor.”

	The Sword Star’s eyes widened.

	“I don’t know who that is, but you said it would make you trust me.”

	Silence arrived at the vacant lot, although we could still hear people cheering in the city, and I saw a glimpse of the “goddess” descending and giving a speech. When she vanished, the Sword Star finally broke his silence.

	“Did you say five days, young man?”

	“Yes, five days.”

	“Fine.” The Sword Star looked into my eyes. “For the next five days, I’m going to follow you around. I’m going to keep an eye on your every word and action. Then I’ll decide if you really deserve to die or if you approached me because you’re a true clairvoyant. Satisfied?”

	This was good.

	“…Yes, it will.” I bowed. “I’m deeply grateful for this.”

	I’d met all the conditions: The first was to exact a promise from the Five Guilds’ leaders. The second condition was to stop the Sword Star from killing me as soon as he saw me. Lastly, I had to make the Sword Star trust me, even if it was just temporary.

	Finally.

	The guild leaders and Sword Star weren’t going to fight even on the twelfth floor. They wouldn’t doubt each other and end up killing innocent Hunters unnecessarily.

	“See you on the next floor, Mr. Sword Star,” I said, trying not to choke up.

	The Sword Star was looking at me, his eyes filled with mixed emotions. I couldn’t care about that right now because I had a job to do.

	I closed my eyes. “Send me.”

	White light enveloped me. Feeling my pounding heart, I thought, All I have to do now is to hunt the Demon King. Just wait, Demon King.

	The world changed. Now it was going to change a little more.

Chapter 36

My Death (3)

	The white light faded. When I opened my eyes, I found myself back on the battlefield. My eyes quickly landed on a familiar sight.

	Monsters howled and human soldiers bled as they fought against the monsters. A legion of monsters threw themselves at the harbor’s defenses. It was the eleventh-floor stage, also known as Defend the Supply Line.

	The soldiers were in their first battle to protect the Aegim Empire.

	“My, my! You’re here to save the empire! Thank you, heroes!”

	Sarbas Aegim, the NPC general, came out to welcome me and the Hunters, the same as the last try. He was wearing the same armor, had the same look on his face, and said the same line.

	“Heroes! Please help me and the army and save the empire!”

	That was all that stayed the same. The Hunters’ organized response to the general was completely new.

	“Black Dragons, assemble!” a cold, piercing voice ordered. The Black Witch, the leader of the Black Dragon Guild, just like she had in a battle which now only I remembered, used her aura to command her guild. Something about her voice captivated people.

	“The Black Dragon Guild will take command of this battle!” the Black Witch boldly declared. “OJP Sect and the Watchmen League! Take the left! The Pantheon and MA will take the right! My Black Dragons will handle the middle. Break through their lines! If anyone has a problem with my orders, speak after the battle is over! If you have time to talk, you have time to kill another orc!”

	The world had changed. Those words were the evidence. No Hunters zoned out like the last try, having been forewarned that the eleventh floor was going to be a battle.

	“Kids, keep up! If anyone dies before me, I’m going to kill them!”

	The Viper’s OJP Sect.

	“What nonsense is he… No, no. Everyone, support the OJP Sect! We have to stop those boars from getting stranded!”

	The Paladin’s Watchmen League.

	“Hahaha! Anyone who goes rogue gets an immediate execution! Do not step away from your team!”

	The Inquisitor’s Pantheon.

	“Everyone is quite energetic. But the MA will take it slow and not go out of our way too much. Just back them up.”

	The Countess’s MA.

	The guilds created a perfect defense and stayed true to their roles, allowing them to break the monsters’ advance. Fighters stood in the front line wielding their weapons while supporters chanted magic spells from the rear. It was like a raging river washing the monsters away.

	“Ohhh…!” The general rejoiced at the sight in front of him. “The goddess hasn’t forsaken the empire yet! Look! Heroes from a different world are valiantly fending off the monsters! But we shouldn’t leave everything to them! Soldiers of the Aegim Empire, follow me!”

	The general and soldiers charged into battle with a loud cry.

	I watched everything from a step away. Yes, all it took was a little lie. My small changes and secretive moves were enough to create a completely different approach to the eleventh stage.

	—Zombie, are you alright? the Guardian quietly asked.

	Huh? What do you mean?

	—Won’t you get less attention if you do it like this? The Guardian’s brows furrowed. You’re the world’s biggest attention seeker. You love it.

	Well, you’re right. I shrugged. But this isn’t bad either.

	—Huh? Haha, you must’ve matured a little.

	Not really… I’m still going to milk it for all it’s worth.

	I felt eyes on my back. I turned around and found the Sword Star watching me.

	“Uh… What are you doing over there, sir…?”

	“I’m watching you,” the Sword Star answered, as if it was the most natural thing in the world. “I told you that I’m going to watch you for the next five days and then I’ll decide if I’ll kill you or not. That’s why I’m watching you.”

	“…Uhh… Umm… Are you really going to watch me 24/7 for the next five days?”

	“What a strange question. Of course I will.”

	What? Did that mean that I was going to have a stalker?

	“You should kill some monsters too, sir! The reward will be given in the order of the highest contribution in this battle!”

	The Sword Star looked away and flicked his sword. A blue streak of aura cleaved through over twenty goblins. They lost their heads before they could even scream.

	The Sword Star nonchalantly looked back at me as flowers of blood bloomed on the battlefield. “I’ll wield my sword every now and then, so don’t worry. Don’t mind me, just do your job.”

	He was indeed a master swordsman in a different league from me.

	“Phew.” I shook my head and headed over to the Black Witch.

	The Black Dragon Guild members stopped me. When they saw the Sword Star behind me, they tensed. The Black Witch saw we were coming and gestured at her people to let us through.

	“What is it, Mr. Kim Gong-Ja…?” Her eyes narrowed. “And you’re here too, old man,” she noted, obviously annoyed. “Things are hectic for me because I’m leading the guilds. I would appreciate it if you state your business within thirty seconds.”

	“I don’t really have business with you,” the Sword Star answered indifferently. “I just followed this young man.”

	“What? What is that supposed to mean— No, forget it. I’m not interested! I don’t have time to listen to you, so please leave if it isn’t important,” she snapped. “Ah, hey! Team 4! Hold your position! Don’t stand in front of everyone like idiots! Hold it with your life unless you want to end up with a spear up your ass! Team 12! What are you doing? Do you think we’re here to take a stroll? Hunt properly!”

	“I-I’m sorry, Black Dragon Master!”

	“If you have time to apologize, then swing your sword again!”

	She really looked busy, so I quickly got to business.

	“Black Dragon Master, I have the reward for clearing the tenth floor.”

	“I’m sure you do. So what?”

	“I have a mini-map of the battlefield. Enemies and allies show up as dots, so I know where their commander is.”

	The Black Dragon finally turned and looked straight into my eyes. “Are you serious?”

	“Why would I bother lying? It’s the truth.”

	“Then what in the world have you been doing? You should have come to me sooner!” The Black Witch grabbed my right hand. “Tell me! Where is the boss monster!”

	It looked like she tended to show her true nature when she was busy.

	“Over there.” I pointed in the direction the mini-map showed me. “I can’t really see it because it’s surrounded by monsters, but it’s over—”

	“Say ’I agree to be the subject of your Skill.’ Come on!”

	“Um, I agree to be the subject of the Black Dragon Master’s Skill.”

	“Teleport!”

	After a moment, the Black Witch and I were high above the battlefield. We were falling out of the sky. The monsters were fighting against the human army way down below.

	“Where?!” the Black Witch shouted, her hair whipping around her.

	“Over there!” I screamed over the wind. “Where I’m pointing—!”

	“Teleport!”

	Each time she said the word, we closed in on the boss monster. I hugged the Black Witch a little tighter. It didn’t mean anything, I just thought that I might fall from the sky if I only held onto her hand.

	It looked like she understood, because she didn’t say anything or try to shake me off.

	“How confident are you with that sword?” she asked, still frowning.

	“I’m good enough to kill the boss monster!”

	“Then I’ll teleport you right above it! One strike! Got that?!”

	“Yeah, yeah!” I knew exactly what she was thinking.

	“Teleport!”

	After the last teleport, we were now directly above the boss monster. Just ten meters below, the Goblin King was quacking at the monsters around it. With the splendid golden staff it held, it looked like it was commanding its army in its own way.

	“Mr. Kim!”

	That was my signal. I enveloped myself with aura and let out a shout. The Goblin King heard our voices and looked up, tilting its head in confusion.

	“Gorr?” The Goblin King saw me, but it was too late.

	My sword cut right through the top of the Goblin King’s head and split it clean in two. Despite being a boss monster, it couldn’t even put up a fight. It just looked at me angrily until the lights went out. Well, I had technically killed it twice, so I guess it was a little unfair.

	The monsters, abruptly bereft of a leader, blinked dumbly at me. Everything happened so fast that they were still processing it.

	“Why?” I grinned and planted my feet on the Goblin King’s body. “Do you guys want to end up in two pieces too?”

	Belatedly, the monsters screamed.

	Low-level monsters like goblins and orcs scattered in panic. It started with one monster, but it soon became six. Six quickly turned into thirty. Like a line of falling dominoes, monsters in all directions started running away.

	“Yes!” The Black Witch clenched her small fists. “Great job, Mr. Kim! Oh my god! We cleared the stage in less than an hour! I think less than fifty Hunters are dead. Maybe even less than thirty… Ahhh! I couldn’t ask for a better result!”

	The Black Witch was so worked up. I had never seen her like this.

	She had been expressionless in the last try… Was it because quite a lot of Hunters had died in the chaos? And she was now happy because of the low casualties?

	She’s simpler than I expected.

	Her sadness and happiness depended on the number of casualties.

	I smiled. “Now, now. I think you got too excited. You should calm down.”

	“If this isn’t the right time to be excited, then when is!? Let me say it again: you’ve done an excellent job, Mr. Kim! This is the lowest casualties ever since we started clearing the Tower. You should be proud!”

	The Black Witch beamed. It wasn’t like a thin smile like when she delivered her speech up on the ramparts—this was genuine, downright glowing happiness.

	“I’m sure it was tempting to keep the tenth-floor stage’s reward all to yourself. Really… I’m glad that the new hero is a person like you. What a relief. Brace yourself! All eyes in the Tower’s media are going to be on you starting today!”

	The Black Witch’s eyes were filled with pure goodwill as she held out her hand for a handshake.

	Yeah. That’s right, I thought, grabbing her hand. I’m… happy to receive attention from ordinary people. It feels really good to have those people believe I’m the best and their hero. Their envy, jealousy… Everything about it feels awesome. But it isn’t as good as earning these people’s recognition.

	The Sword Star had achieved dominance by merit of his swordsmanship alone, and the Black Witch was leading the biggest faction in the world of the Tower.

	Aside from them, countless people in the Tower diligently led their lives. I couldn’t say that they made the best of their lives, but they certainly tried their best.

	I… I held her hand tightly. I want to live a life where I can earn their recognition.

	My goals didn’t stop there.

	I want to protect these people.

	They had been working so hard. I wanted to stop the Demon King from toying with them. The Fire Emperor had insulted their efforts. Some mocked them. There were those who tried to undermine their efforts with nasty schemes.

	I didn’t want any of that. I purely wished to acknowledge their hard work and earn their recognition—no, their respect. It might be an impossible dream.

	But that is how I want to live.

	I wanted to change, just as the world had changed ever so slightly. That was my deepest desire.

	—Watching you grow is quite a sight, the Guardian murmured.

	Before long, the announcement of clearing the eleventh stage was made. Huge letters floated up in the sky.

	Quest Completion Contribution List:

	First Place: Kim Gong-Ja

	Second Place: Black Witch

	Third Place: Inquisitor

	Fourth Place: Viper

	Fifth Place: Paladin

	Sixth Place: Countess

	Seventh Place: Sword Star.

	…

	As the world had changed, the ranking was slightly different. The Sword Star took a significant hit and was now in seventh place down from second. However, the former sixth place, the Black Witch, rose high and took second place.

	[The top ten champions will enter the twelfth floor first.]

	[The remaining champions cannot enter the twelfth floor until the top ten champions receive their rewards.]

	[Announcement.]

	And now the twelfth floor, the start of all tragedies, opened.

	“If we can keep this up, we’ll be able to clear the twentieth floor in no time,” the Black Witch said, her cheeks slightly rosy. “I thought we’d have to sacrifice at least five thousand people… We’re off to a good start. A really good one.”

	No, we were going to pay a dear price on the twelfth floor unless something changed. We would lose the Countess, the MA’s leader and our critical link for trading with the outside world. If that channel was severed, the Tower’s economy would instantly collapse.

	It would be anarchy. Then it wouldn’t just be five thousand—five hundred thousand people could die.

	So I’ll carry everyone’s weight.

	A bright light enveloped us.

	* * *

	When I opened my eyes again, I found myself back in the imperial audience chamber. The sparkling white marble floor was still unstained by blood.

	“Whoa!”

	“Hmmm.”

	Hunters were summoned one after another. They regarded me with various expressions. Some smiled at me like they expected me to be here; I also saw Hunters who looked angry that I’d taken first place again. It was just like the last try.

	“Mr. Kim Gong-Ja!” The Inquisitor came running over, singing praises again. “You were amazing! I didn’t expect you to work with the Black Dragon Master like that! Haha. Did you find the boss monster with the last stage’s reward? I’m guessing I’m—”

	Unlike the last try, I raised my hand to stop the Inquisitor.

	“Hold on.”

	The Inquisitor tilted his head in confusion. “Pardon?”

	“There’s something I need to talk to you about first.”

	All eyes were on me. Each person thought something different. While The Black Witch’s cheeks were still slightly rosy, the Viper’s brows were furrowed. The Paladin looked nonchalant, and the Countess fanned herself…

	What about the Sword Star?

	I immediately turned to check. He was quietly standing alone in the corner of the audience chamber. Although I met his eyes, he didn’t show any reaction; he simply looked at me with his arms crossed. It was very different from how he had drawn his sword on me as soon as he had seen me last time.

	It worked! It’s okay now!

	The frustrating fight that had broken out shortly after the Hunters’ arrival on the twelfth floor was now gone. I had erased the possibility and successfully stopped the Hunters from antagonizing each other, even if it was temporary.

	“There was something I asked from all of you yesterday,” I said, my heart pounding.

	“Yesterday?” the Inquisitor repeated.

	“I’m talking about the favor. I asked all of you to do me a favor no matter what when I asked.”

	“Ah, yes! Of course, I remember!”

	The Hunters’ ears perked up.

	“I’d like to call in that favor right now.” I slowly looked around at them. “For the next five days, please stay here and don’t do anything.”

	“If you do that…” I took a deep breath before I continued. “Within those five days, I’ll clear up to the twentieth floor.”

Chapter 37

The Hero's Title (1)

	[Greetings to the warriors who climb the Tower.]

	Hunters energetically counted down in the plaza. A “goddess” descended from the sky and spoke with the solemnity of a prayer.

	[While climbing up the Tower, your faith will be tested from the eleventh to the twentieth floor.]

	None of the Hunters paid any attention to the goddess—a new era and a new stage were coming. The Hunters were so excited to finally see the stage that they’d been waiting for for so long that their minds were fully occupied by the eleventh floor. One Hunter actually tested if he could kill the goddess with his sword.

	[…You will find your answers. The answers you find will tell you who you are.]

	[That is how you will learn about yourselves…]

	[Those of you who climb the Tower, may luck be with you.]

	But I didn’t leave the plaza. Instead, I chose to stay and listen to the goddess’ prayer until the end.

	When I arrived at the twelfth floor again, I recalled what I had heard in the plaza on my last try. Now that I thought about it, we had already received a hint about what would happen on the twelfth floor. What we needed to think about wasn’t what reward we were going to choose, nor who was most suspicious.

	The Tower had already given us a hint. The only thing that mattered was the answer we found.

	With a nod, I gave my answer.

	“I’ll clear up to the twentieth floor within five days.”

	* * *

	The Black Witch was the first one to break the silence in the audience chamber.

	“Wait a minute. Five days…?” The Black Witch looked confused. “Did I hear you correctly? I think I just heard you saying that you’d clear the twentieth floor in five days. If that was a joke, it wasn’t funny.”

	“No, you heard me correctly. I’m not joking either.”

	The Black Witch went silent and the audience began to buzz. The Hunters’ faces displayed with dumbfoundedness and disbelief. Some clearly weren’t sure how to respond.

	It’s natural to react like that. My declaration was just plain nonsensical, but I stood strong under their gazes.

	“…That’s impossible, Mr. Kim,” the Black Witch said after a moment. “You know that it took us years to clear the tenth floor. Of course, I’m sure you’re feeling confident since you cleared the eleventh floor in less than an hour… but you’re reaching too far. Are you sure you’re thinking clearly?”

	“Black Dragon Master.” I bowed. “Please let me do this. Although I cleared the tenth floor, I didn’t do it for all of you. I did it because I wanted to, but I shared everything I received for clearing the tenth floor.”

	I had warned them that the eleventh floor would be a battle. I also told them about my mini-map, which showed the location of the boss monster. The information I provided allowed the guilds to minimize their damages, which was why I could speak with confidence.

	“…Everyone benefited from what I shared. I’m entitled to make this request to you. I’m not asking you to wait for me until I clear the twentieth floor. I only need five days. It doesn’t matter if I succeed or fail to clear the twentieth floor. Just wait for five days. This is my request.”

	The audience chamber was silent, but I didn’t feel like the silence was against me.

	[Welcome, Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.]

	[You are the Rank 1 champion of the eleventh floor.]

	[The reward for clearing the eleventh floor will be given.]

	Maybe that was why I heard the voice a lot sooner than before. During the last try, it had taken a very long time and I had only gotten to choose my reward after the Sword Star had raised hell. In contrast, now I was allowed to choose my reward as soon as I began talking.

	Alright.

	It was like someone was in a hurry to catch my attention.

	[The Goddess of Protection offers you a reward.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain offers you a reward.]

	I didn’t choose any reward. I just suppressed my smile. Are you getting anxious because we aren’t fighting, Demon King?

	The system windows showed me the goddess' and Demon King’s rewards. I gave them a glance, but that was all they were going to get from me.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain recommends you to choose a reward.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain hints that it could give you no reward at all.]

	I heard the voice prompt me several times, and it didn’t look like it was going to stop any time soon. Still, I was adamant. I didn’t care how many times the Demon King urged me. I ignored everything that both the goddess and the Demon King offered me.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain is confused.]

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain doesn’t understand your choice.]

	It’s okay. Don’t get anxious. Keep wondering what’s happening. Then I’ll come for you.

	It was still silent in the audience chamber. The Inquisitor looked around and burst into laughter—it looked like he’d decided to speak first.

	“The problem is simple! Mr. Kim Gong-Ja shared information that was essential to clearing the eleventh floor. In exchange, he asked us to do him a favor, and we promised we’d give him it unless it was impossible!” The Inquisitor grinned. “Waiting here for five days without doing anything isn’t an easy request, considering how the media will be hounding us the whole time… But it’s certainly not impossible! So I say yes!”

	“It’s not impossible, but…” The Black Witch trailed off.

	“A promise is a promise, Black Dragon Master!”

	The Black Witch’s face darkened slightly. After opening and closing her mouth several times, she heaved a sigh. “Yes, a promise is a promise.”

	That was basically a yes. Those two were the most sophisticated and most psychotic Hunters here, respectively. And with their agreement, the other Hunters agreed to my request one after another. Even the Hunters who weren’t guild leaders were dragged along and promised me five days of silence.

	I had everyone’s agreement except for the most geezer Hunter in this place. The Sword Star scoffed. “I never gave you such a promise. The promise you and I had is to keep an eye on you for the next five days. I have no reason to give you any favor other than that. If you’re going to leave to clear the twentieth floor, I’ll follow you, according to our promise.”

	I nodded. “I understand. It’s okay.”

	I was going to go up against the Demon King on my own from now on. Even though I was confident that I could win on my own… I would basically have a reinforcement of a thousand people with the Sword Star behind me. I didn’t need to bother stopping him from following me.

	“Thank you for doing this, everyone.” I looked around the audience chamber and then slowly walked away. “See you in five days.”

	I opened the audience chamber’s door and headed out. Outside the gate was the empire’s expansive palace, tucked inside high walls. When I passed all the walls, I arrived at the streets of the Aegim Empire’s capital city. I had already seen everything on the last try, but something was different.

	—Huh? None of the NPCs are moving. The Guardian looked around as he walked by my side.

	He was right. Every single NPC from the palace to the city was like that. A knight was supposed to be guarding the palace, but he wasn’t; a merchant stopped selling fruits on the streets; a bored-looking guard on patrol was frozen mid-yawn.

	It’s because the quest hasn’t begun.

	Time was paused right now. I walked across the frozen street, the Sword Star following me from afar.

	—The quest?

	Yeah, no one has chosen a role.

	There was no prime minister or imperial knight commander in the empire, despite the fact that they were essential figures. Hunters were supposed to fill those roles as part of the quests on the twelfth through the twentieth floors.

	The quest was given as soon as we entered the eleventh stage. That’s probably the normal timing—then it took a very long time on the twelfth floor. That isn’t normal.

	I had received the quest only after the Hunters had chosen their roles.

	Which means that the quest won’t start unless we choose roles. In other words, the Demon King’s legion won’t start their invasion, and there’s nothing for the empire’s army to fight.

	That was why the NPCs were on pause—and it would stay that way.

	The situation isn’t going to change as long as we don’t choose roles.

	The top ten champions choosing their roles was the trigger to start the quest.

	And you know what, Mr. Sword Emperor? I asked as I crossed the street.

	Each pedestrian was frozen up in a different posture, so I had to carefully pick my way through them. It was like walking in a labyrinth made from humans. Even then, I continued to hear the voice.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain recommends you to choose a reward.]

	I ignored it.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain recommends you to give up your right if you aren’t going to choose a reward.]

	[If so, the right to choose between the rewards will be transferred to the next rank champion.]

	I continued to ignore the voice and walked on.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain urges you to make a choice!]

	Finally, I was out of the city and saw a plain spread out in front of me.

	What do you think will happen if the Demon King dies when the whole world is on pause? I asked the Guardian.

	—What?

	I could see a single red dot flickering on the translucent mini-map given to me through the God of War’s blessing. No monsters had been summoned yet, so the red dot could only be one thing: the Demon King.

	What do you think will happen if a boss monster dies before the quest even begins? It’s simple: no one will get to choose the Demon King’s reward, hence no traitor. The Demon King will be eliminated before it can start scheming.

	I traveled across the plain headed straight for the red dot. It didn’t take long to get there. I would meet the boss monster shortly.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain is angry at you!]

	Finally realizing my intentions, the voice in my head began to harbor different emotions.

	[The Demon King of Autumn Rain has appeared!]

	The dark sky undulated and a dark hole opened that dripped with thick, foul fluid. It started as a trickle, and then a stream, which soon blobbed into a distinct mass.

	—Follow the proper order, hero of the goddess. How insolent of you to come here without making any choice. Only those who received a post in the empire have the right to take me on.

	The Demon King was furious.

	“What nonsense are you talking about?” I touched my sword. “I made a choice.”

	—What…?

	“See? This is the best choice.”

	The quest hadn’t begun, so the capital wasn’t being invaded by the Demon King. No one had died in this world.

	“Demon King, I’ll kill you before the quest starts. Then no Hunter nor a single person from the empire will die. There won’t be any traitors, either. See? It’s a happy ending without any tragedy.” I grinned. “I always hated bad endings; I prefer a happy ending. Maybe it’s just my personality. But I can’t see one happening because you just won’t get your freaking nose out of the empire. I’m sorry, but please die.”

	—You… you’re going to stop me on your own, without the empire’s help?! The Demon King’s body fluids roiled.

	“Yeah.” I drew my sword and pointed it right at the Demon King. “Who needs help?”

	My sword was going to become the ticking minute hand of this timeless world.

	“Heroes are supposed to fight alone.”

	The eternal five days began.

Chapter 38

The Hero's Title (2)

	It opened its eyes on a rainy day. It didn’t have a form or a name—just calling it a shadow would be fitting. When the shadow opened its eyes on a rainy day, it saw its first creature.

	Croak.

	At first, it didn’t understand what the creature was. It didn’t know many things, but it could hear sounds… The sound of rain and croaking was all around it. The rain carried a sweet scent.

	It instinctively crawled toward the creature in front of it like a snake, although it didn’t even know what a snake was. The creature, which also carried a sweet scent, was unaware that something was approaching. It just looked up at the rain and croaked.

	The shadow opened its mouth and devoured the cute croaking creature.

	Croak!

	The shadow didn’t have teeth, so the creature wasn’t ripped apart. It just slowly melted in the shadow’s stomach.

	The rain continued. By the time the creature was mush inside the shadow’s stomach, the shadow realized that it now had front and hind legs. It was stepping on the “ground”, and the area it couldn’t reach was the “sky”. The “rain” connected the sky and the ground. The world became a little clearer in its eyes.

	Feeling alive, it gasped at the sensation of raindrops hitting on its slimy, green skin.

	Croak.

	It opened its mouth and made a noise of happiness.

	Croak.

	It rained. The shadow wanted to live a little longer.

	* * *

	The fight ended with one strike at first.

	I couldn’t even see it attack even though I had drunk the elixir that stretched time. I squeezed one second for all it was worth, but the Demon King’s attack was still faster than that.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	After I went back a day, I used a black marker to draw a line. The lines would help me remember how many days passed, even in the far future, like a prisoner tracking the number of days that had passed since he was deprived of his freedom. Yes, it was a prison—the prison of time.

	—Zombie, its swordsmanship itself isn’t remarkable, the Guardian told me. Its attack is closer to lashing out with everything it has. That’s still scary because you can smash almost anything with enough power, but…

	“But I can dodge if I know which direction the attack is coming from.” I nodded.

	—Exactly.

	What would happen if I approached the quest in a conventional way? How many soldiers had died in the battle during the last try?

	Every soldier that died was someone who would have had at least another twenty years in front of them. Twenty years were gone with each death. Two hundred years with ten deaths. Two thousand years for a hundred deaths.

	I wanted to save that time from fading away, so I didn’t choose a role. Instead, I simply stood in front of the Demon King with my sword in my hand.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	If that was what I wanted, I should be ready to incarcerate myself in this eternity.

	—But the problem is whether or not you’re capable of dodging it even if you can tell which direction an attack is coming from. You puny zombie!

	“Ah, be quiet.”

	—Hehehe.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	When I went back a day, I repeated the day as I reflected on the previous fight.

	—You’re still clumsy with your aura. That’s the problem. All you have to do is focus your aura into your feet to dodge the attack.

	“I can’t maintain my form if I try to move with my aura focused on my feet.”

	—So you need to balance it. Use aura in your thighs, waist, and shoulders too.

	“That’s easier said than done…”

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	—You can die if you don’t want to do it. The Guardian cackled.

	“Fuck.”

	Day after day passed.

	—Follow the proper order, hero of the goddess. How insolent of you to come here without making any choice. Only those who received a post—

	I had listened to the Demon King’s furious voice too many times already.

	“Bottoms up.”

	—What?

	I was starting to get sick of this Q&A session, so I chugged my elixir without further ado. As I felt time slowing down, I charged the Demon King and swung my sword.

	Unfortunately, the Demon King blocked my attack with ease.

	—You…

	“The hero slays the Demon King.”

	[You have died.]

	“The Demon King slays the hero.”

	[You have died.]

	“What more do I need to say about this? Come, Demon King.”

	[You have died.]

	“I’m the empire’s sword.”

	—Fine! The Demon King scoffed.

	[You have died.]

	—Then prove it to me!

	[You have died.]

	—Prove your resolve!

	[You have died.]

	“Yeah, I’ll show you.”

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	In this frozen world, my sword was the only proof of the flow of time—the ticking hand of the clock. Each second my sword could fend off the Demon King was one more second this world continued to exist. I was merely a sword who lived for one second, but the world’s life depended on that singular second. Just as a flood starts from a single drop of water, I would stretch one second into an eternity.

	I continued to live my life.

	“Great job, Mr. Kim!”

	A day passed.

	“Unbelievable! We cleared the stage in less than an hour!”

	Another day passed.

	“I think less than forty Hunters are dead! Maybe even less than that… Ahhh! I couldn’t ask for a better result!”

	Whenever I got to the eleventh stage, I always grabbed the Black Dragon’s hand and teleported together to kill the boss monster. It was now part of my daily repeat routine. Then I challenged the Demon King, lived and died a day.

	At some point, the eleventh floor—including the Black Witch—began to change.

	“Excellent job, Mr. Kim! Oh my god! We cleared the stage in less than fifty minutes! Your advice was genius! I found that private named Tomund from the shield unit and worked with him to reinforce the defenses on the right. And it worked great! I’m sure less than thirty Hunters are dead!”

	The change was small at first, but it was solid.

	“We did it in less than forty minutes! I think less than twenty Hunters are dead!”

	I made changes to make the day quicker, more efficient, and more lethal to my enemies. Every time I repeated the day, the Black Witch’s face and voice got brighter. Yesterday, she had smiled because only around twenty people had died. She looked happier than she had been a year ago when there were less than fifty casualties from the Hunters.

	“Ah…”

	I lived through a day.

	“Impossible… Great job, Mr. Kim! I just followed your advice on treating that knight named Jeshua and asked him to deal with the golem, and it worked perfectly… Ahhh. Maybe less than ten people are dead… I didn’t think that’d be possible in a battle like this. I didn’t know…

	I lived through a day.

	—What is wrong with you? the Demon King asked one day.

	“What?”

	—Why are you smiling?

	“I’m happy.”

	My heart pounded.

	“I’m smiling because I’m happy.”

	—You’re about to die, so how can you be happy? The Demon King brandished its sword.

	“You won’t understand me. No one would.”

	—You’re arrogant, hero of the goddess.

	“I’m just a guy who finds happiness in the little things.”

	I swung my sword.

	—You pitiful thing. The Demon King cut me in two.

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	However, I didn’t give up. I had no reason to. My sword was quicker than yesterday, so it would be faster tomorrow because I was alive. Alive.

	The day arrived without a sign. The Black Witch grabbed my hand. Although she wouldn’t know, the number 100 was written on my hands numerous times. These numbers were the invisible wrinkles that told me how many days had gone by in this hellish incarceration.

	“I… I just checked, Mr. Kim. No one…” The Black Witch’s voice trembled, just like the hand that held mine. “No one died.”

	Her quivering voice soon became a sob.

	“I checked with the Pantheon too, but no one died… There are some idiots who got hit with arrows in their arms, but… no one died.”

	The Black Dragon Guild was the number one guild ever since the Tower appeared. Led by the Black Witch, the Rank 2 Hunter, they had tried to clear the tenth floor dozens of times, but had failed every time. Despite her defeats, she had always brought back everyone alive. That was who she was. And now she leaned her head against my chest.

	“Thank you… Really, thank you…”

	She was laughing and crying at the same time.

	I wanted to live a little longer. Yes, time flowed in my heart. I swung my sword as long as my heart beat.

	—How dare you! How dare you even think of stopping me without the empire’s help!

	My eternally beating heart drove me across the frozen world to the plains outside the city. I wasn’t going to stop taking up my sword.

	“Yup. A hero is supposed to fight alone.”

	—You fool! The Demon King became furious.

	It didn’t have a form or a name—just calling it a shadow would be fitting. The shadow held up its blood-red greatsword. The air trembled ominously as it brought it down on me. I dodged it.

	—You…!

	I did the same with the next strikes.

	—You humans’ malice is what made my shadow!

	The Demon King swung its greatsword, delivering the fourth strike, which had stopped me from moving on to the next second for nearly a year. That was when our fight became different from before.

	The Demon King’s sword was blocked with an almighty crash! It had to retreat, prickled by fragments of light.

	“…I’m sorry, Mr. Kim.”

	A woman landed lightly beside me, her long black hair fluttering in the air. The Black Witch, the leader of the Black Dragon Guild, looked at me with a tiny smile.

	“I tried to stay put in the audience chamber like you asked, but I was getting cabin fever. It was going to kill me, so I followed you. After a request like that, I wanted to find out what you were doing… Hmm. You’ve been playing an interesting game on your own.”

	“I’m playing hero.”

	“Is it fun?”

	I laughed. “It feels awesome.”

	“Well, it does look like a beast worth hunting. I can’t let you have all the fun. I’m in too.”

	Five mirrors rose into the air.

	“Come on. I’m so close to taking it down. You can’t steal my kill like this,” I grumbled.

	“Don’t you know that that’s the best feeling in the world?”

	“I can’t say no to that.”

	Laughter danced across the barren plain.

	—You… the Demon King growled.

	A Demon King probably came into existence at a time when no one was allowed to laugh together.

	“I’m sorry, man.” I waggled my sword at it. “I tried to take you down on my own, but now that I think of it, the hero should gang up on a Demon King. That’s what tradition and history tells us, right? I’m sure you can understand the custom.”

	—You’re just playing with words! The Demon King’s unnatural body churned. I’m done playing with you and your sword!

	The foul water poured across the ground in an endless flood, as if the Demon King’s body fluids were limitless. The plain was dyed black in moments, like a giant shadow had been cast over the land.

	—Monsters, answer my call.

	The shadow gurgled and popped.

	Each and every bubble the shadow created took the form of a monster. Some turned into goblins. Orcs appeared too. One of the orcs shook its head, shaking off the body fluid. The flow of the bubbles left behind thousands of monsters surrounding me and the others.

	“This is…” The Black Witch narrowed her eyes as she looked around. “This isn’t something we can deal with on our own. Sword Star! What are you standing over there? The least you can do is help.”

	“I was going to watch a while longer. It’s been less than thirty seconds since the young man and the sewer thing started fighting. Who knew that sewage could summon monsters?” The Sword Star answered, drawing his sword. No doubt his eyes had been glued to me the whole time.

	“He’s right. I was thinking about asking for his help after I’d held out for at least a minute,” I remarked with a smile. I’d had to endure his gaze for over thirty weeks anyway.

	“Men… Forget it,” the Black Witch huffed.” Mr. Kim, take my hand. We have to get out of here. Sword Star! You come over here too. I’m sure you’ve already seen the number.”

	However, I didn’t take the offered hand. “No, it’s okay.”

	The Black Witch frowned in confusion.

	Instead of answering her question, I quietly said, “Monster Legion Summon.”

	The Demon King stiffened.

	—What did you—?

	Before it could finish its question, a voice replied to me.

	[The Skill Monster Legion Summon has been activated.]

	The voice certified my qualifications. Change soon arrived on the plains.

Chapter 39

The Hero's Title (3)

	The shadow grew bigger. A frog… Yes, the shadow now knew that the first creature it had swallowed was a frog. Actually, it knew a lot more than it did before. It now knew what a frog, a snake, and an eagle were.

	When it was a frog, it knew the happiness of feeling the rain on its skin. After becoming a snake, the sensation of sliding across the smooth earth brought it joy. When it became an eagle, it learned the happiness of letting the wind carry its weight.

	It realized that the rain, ground, and the sky each held a happiness of their own.

	The shadow finally became a lion and learned the joy of killing. The moment it sank its teeth into its prey, blood rushed into its mouth. It was so fragrant that the shadow felt like it could die then and there. Naturally, it would have become an elemental spirit or a divine spirit if it hadn’t coincidentally run into a certain noisy creature. The creature ran away from the shadow.

	“Ah… Eeekkk! Ahhhhhh!”

	The shadow instinctively followed the creature.

	“H-help me…! Dad! Dad! Save me!”

	The creature was loud but slow, and threw itself facedown onto the ground. The shadow was yet to realize that the creature had tripped because it didn’t know what “tripping” was. It traveled between the ground and sky, swallowing countless creatures, but this was its first time meeting a creature that was stupid enough to fall over while running.

	“I don’t want to die! Dad! Hel—”

	Before the noisy creature got any louder, the shadow sank its teeth into it and ate the creature up. The blood flowed into the shadow’s mouth. When its mouth was full of blood, the shadow was stunned.

	It was so fragrant. The scent was unbelievable. Captivated by the blood, the shadow lost itself in the feast and consumed everything there was about the creature. Blood… Flesh… Bones! Intestines! Everything about the creature was a delight.

	As the shadow sank its teeth deeper, its hind legs got thinner and its front legs became longer. While the hind legs remained legs, its front legs became arms, and its mane became a head of hair. It quietly devoured every last bit of the creature. When it was done with the last morsel, the shadow slowly gained the creature’s memory.

	A human—that was what the creature was called. The human had been born in a remote village and its family showered it with endless love. However, life always lacked one aspect, and for this human it was health.

	There was no way to treat the human’s illness in this remote countryside. Even if the illness could be cured, the family didn’t have any money. Love was the only thing that was abundant in this family. The human continued to creep closer to death day by day, but admirably, she refused to die in her bed.

	“I want to take a walk before I won’t be able to do it anymore! I’m going to get as much fresh air as possible.”

	That was her mistake. While testing to see how far she could get, she wandered off too far and reached death inside the shadow’s stomach.

	“Honey! Estelle! There you are!”

	The shadow stopped being “it.”

	“I told you several times not to go out on your own! It’s dangerous near the forest. You never know when a beast will attack you. Never wander off on your own like… Wait, what’s wrong with your clothes?”

	“Dad.” She smiled. “I think I’m healthy now.”

	Estelle was the first name that the Demon King got to have.

	* * *

	[The Skill Monster Legion Summon has been activated.]

	The plains started to change, beginning right under my feet. My shadow expanded endlessly, covering the wastewater spread by the Demon King.

	Something emerged from the shadow—human skeletons. They looked like demons trying to escape from hell.

	Mr. Sword Emperor, you wanted to know why I chose Monster Legion Summon?

	—Huh? Yeah, I did.

	I considered getting a different Skill in the beginning, too.

	The aura-enhancing Skill was tempting too because the red laser beam that the Demon King fired was formidable. It would be awesome if I got to attack like that. However, I changed my mind after giving it some thought.

	Show me my Skill Card.

	Monster Legion Summon

	Class: SS

	Effects: You are able to summon those you have killed as monsters. The dead won’t have their original abilities nor their memories. They are only summoned as monsters like goblins, orcs, zombies, or skeletons.

	※However, you can summon your legion only once a week.

	Summon those I killed as monsters, I muttered as I scanned the golden card. Here’s the question: how many people do you think I have killed?

	—Uhhh… You and that guy you call the Fucker. Isn’t it two people? The Guardian frowned.

	That’s what you would think, right? I smiled. But why would the Sword Star’s Detective Eyes show that I have a kill count of over four thousand?

	—What?

	Honestly, it’s way too high. I did kill myself a lot, but I didn’t murder anyone innocent. It was just me and me only. So why would the kill count be over four thousand? It should be two.

	I looked in front of me. In other words, the Tower uses a particular method to count death. Killing the same person twice counts as two deaths, not one.

	In front, more monsters emerged from the shadowed plains. I could also see a group of skeletons who had already escaped from my hell.

	Now, I’ll ask again.

	A legion of skeleton soldiers spread across the plains.

	How many deaths do you think I caused?

	I had committed 4097 suicides. After hunting Yoo Soo-Ha for the first time, I had been killed by the Sword Star before a day passed, so my Yoo Soo-Ha hunts had to take place twice. That made 4099 deaths.

	Set out on the plains were the traces of my death. I nodded at the hell I had created myself.

	“Wow… I really died a lot.”

	The skeletons bared their teeth. All of them looked the same and shared my physique. I suppose it was only natural since those skeletons were the evidence of my death.

	Their weapons are the same too.

	All of the skeletons were holding a dagger, the weapon I used when I had taken my own life and Yoo Soo-Ha’s.

	“Impossible…!”

	I was the only one who was leisurely examining the skeletons’ weapons. The Black Witch and Sword Star were looking around warily.

	“What is this? Mr. Kim, is it your Skill?”

	“Yes, it is.” I nodded.

	“You’ve got to be kidding me.” The Black Witch’s jaw dropped. “Oh my god. I’ve never heard of a Skill that can summon thousands of monsters! So this is how you cleared the tenth floor!”

	“Uh… No, that’s not…”

	It seemed the Black Witch was having a misunderstanding, but before I could correct it, she was distracted by the skeletons.

	Well, it wasn’t important.

	“Well, yeah. You’re right.”

	“I knew it!” The Black Witch clenched her fists.

	“We can talk more about this later.”

	There was no reason I had to settle this misunderstanding right now. We couldn’t afford to chat with the Demon King right in front of us.

	—How… are you using the same Skill as me…?

	The Demon King was equally bewildered and was just standing there, frozen. She didn’t have a face, but I could tell from her voice alone. It was a shame—I would have gotten to see how much a person’s face could scrunch up if she had one. But I tucked that thought away.

	“Do you want to know how?” I grinned. “But—uh-oh, too bad—I’m not going to tell you. Keep wondering. Or, I can tell you in exchange for your head. How does that sound?”

	—I can’t believe it…! This shouldn’t have been allowed! When are you going to stop making a fool of me, Goddess? My resentment! My grudges! Our promise is to embrace them all! How could you…! The Demon King howled like a wounded lion.

	“Mr. Sword Star!” I didn’t listen to the Demon King screech. She had her reasons, but she was my enemy which meant I had a job to do—and if she was distracted, I had an opportunity.

	“Please fight alongside the skeletons! They’ll be able to equally go toe to toe with the monsters if you're by their side!”

	“…Okay. I don’t feel comfortable fighting together with monsters… but I guess it’s better than helping you,” the Sword Star grumbled.

	“Thank you! Help me, Black Dragon Master! Let’s crush the Demon King!”

	“On it. Just don’t slow me down!”

	The Sword Star swung his sword, and the Black Witch released her aura. It seemed that they had decided to follow my lead until we took down the Demon King. I nodded and shouted at my death.

	“Skeletons!”

	Over four thousand skeletons growled quietly.

	“Show me what you do best! Kill and die!” I commanded,

	The legion obeyed.

	The skeletons jumped onto the monsters from all directions. They were merely bones, so they were light. One of them sailed through the air and landed on an orc’s head. It squeezed the orc’s skull with its bony legs and brought its dagger down using both hands. It frantically swung its dagger again and again, tearing the orc’s eyes, mouth, and neck. The orc let out a short scream before it collapsed on the ground. The impact cost the skeleton its left arm, but it didn’t care. It simply ran toward its next prey.

	Somewhere else, a goblin screamed in pain. A skeleton, down to only its skull, bit off the goblin’s arm.

	Other skeletons mobbed the goblin. Each of them was missing something—an arm, a leg, a head—but all of them were holding daggers.

	The goblin flailed, but it was meaningless. The skeletons surrounded it and stabbed the goblin, creating a large pool of blood.

	—Whoa. Those skeletons certainly take after your tenacity. An army of monsters who aren’t afraid of dying. Fuck! That’s scary! The Guardian shook his head in disbelief.

	The massacre infuriated the Demon King.

	—How dare you! You don’t have the right! You’re just a man from a different world! You don’t carry any of the malice, the grudges, the life of this world! How dare you stand in my way! she howled.

	Her shadow constantly poured out wastewater. If it were red, I would have thought that she was bleeding. The Demon King screamed so hard that anyone else would have coughed blood after screaming like that. The howl echoed off of heaven and earth.

	“Why does it matter where I’m from? I’m standing right here. If that’s not enough…”

	Before the echo died out, I heard the voice again.

	[The Tower has bestowed a title on you.]

	[Your title is Death King.]

	The voice went on. It felt like someone had been watching me for a long time and was now blessing and celebrating my liberation from the prison of time.

	[Hail to the king who reaps deaths.]

	Yes, someone remembered me. Even if I had to relive a day, someone knew why I was standing here. That was enough for me.

	“Don’t tell me about my rights.” I brandished my sword at my enemy. “The Tower is my witness.”

	Death King was my second name.

Chapter 40

My Time (1)

	She never aged. Her youth was timeless.

	Estelle.

	She grew more beautiful every day. Her fingertips carried the scent of fresh apples, and her feet gave off the smell of ripe grapes. Everywhere she walked, people were entranced as if they had drunk too much wine. Her fluttering hair resembled a field of golden wheat and exuded the scent of autumn, captivating the entire village whenever she passed.

	Estelle, the Saintess of the Outskirts.

	That was what people began to call her.

	One day, an impoverished woman came to Estelle with a sick baby in her arms. She said that she had followed a long trail of rumors before she arrived here.

	“My saintess, I beg of you. My baby is sick. Please bless my pitiful baby…” she pleaded.

	“Are you aware of the rules?”

	“Yes, yes. I am aware…!”

	Estelle nodded. “Leave the baby here. You can come back tomorrow at daybreak.”

	The woman bowed as deeply as she could and left behind her small baby. The baby was wrapped in an old yet soft quilt, made from the woman’s softest rags to keep her baby warm. Humans were very desperate to protect their loved ones.

	Estelle buried her nose in the old quilt. It carried the typical lively scent of a baby… It was fragrant. The baby cooed and felt Estelle’s hair. It made Estelle smile. The baby’s quilt may be made from rags, but his life was vibrant. Estelle found happiness in witnessing such a wonderful miracle in this world.

	“It’s okay. It won’t hurt anymore.”

	Estelle’s shadow moved and opened its mouth in front of the cooing baby.

	“You pitiful thing.”

	Estelle quietly swallowed the baby.

	The baby’s death was peaceful. Instead of fighting back, he helplessly drowned in the shadow. The moment the baby’s flesh and bone melted, his memory flowed into Estelle’s mind.

	The pain of the birth, the sensation of a sore throat, his mother’s smile… The memories were short like his life had been. After embracing his brief life, Estelle gestured at her shadow, which boiled in response.

	“Yes, live a little longer.”

	Some of the shadow boiled down to the form of a baby. Its dark shade gained a peach tone, and its lips slowly formed into an innocent smile.

	Estelle smiled. “You pitiful thing.”

	The woman came back as soon as the dawn arrived. She looked haggard—perhaps she hadn’t slept at all last night.

	Estelle, who had also been waiting by the door for dawn to arrive, handed the woman her baby wrapped in a quilt. “He should be healthy now.”

	“Ah…”

	“He won’t get sick easily. Please continue to treasure him like you’ve always done.”

	A smile broke out on the woman’s face. “Thank you…”

	The stories spread from the distant provinces.

	“My saintess…”

	The stories reached small, remote countries first; they swept through them like a wildfire.

	“Thank you, my saintess…”

	“Estelle.”

	Next were big countries made from the joining of those small countries.

	“Saintess Estelle.”
