	“Pray!”

	This was a generation where madness was dressed as a virtue.

	The screams never stopped in the mansion.

	“I’m… hungry…”

	Neither did the hunger.

	“No… Please forgive me… Why…? No, I’m sorry. Please forgive me…”

	The torture and brainwashing went on.

	“Ah, thank you. You’re good and kind… This is your reward for enduring the pain. You kept your promise, thank you. Thank you. You’re kind, Mister…”

	Dozens, hundreds, and thousands of children arrived at this mansion, and so did death. Although they were already close to death anyway, they never imagined that the interim would be nightmarishly painful.

	The lives flashing before my eyes left me reeling.

	What in the world…

	—What the fuck is this?

	Thanks to a certain dude, I was able to pull myself together.

	You’ve been watching too? I thought you weren’t here.

	—I should be asking you the same question. I’ve been watching from the beginning, but I didn’t see you until now.

	Hmm, it looks like only our consciousnesses are here…

	—I don’t give a damn about that right now. What in the goddamn are these people? Ha! Educate children into humans? How can those assholes teach other people to be human when they aren’t human? the Guardian spat.

	…This is probably what the tenth floor’s boss monster stage is made from.

	Right before my consciousness ended up here, I had heard a voice saying [Recreating your killer’s trauma.] My killer this time… was the real doll hidden in the Infernal Mansion, which meant that everything the Guardian and I were watching was the doll’s trauma.

	I never knew this, I whispered. Monsters used to be humans…?

	—Not all monsters were humans. The Guardian clicked his tongue. It’s mostly true only for boss monsters because their stages are created based on true incidents from other worlds. Many boss monsters used to be creatures or heroes from other worlds; it becomes more common after the Tower’s eleventh floor.

	What? Why are you only telling me this now?

	—You didn’t ask.

	The Guardian answered so shamelessly that I couldn’t argue.

	—But it’s my first time seeing this kind of stuff.

	What kind of stuff?

	—I’m talking about what we’re watching right now.—their past. I know that boss monsters were based off of real things in different worlds, but how was I supposed to know what they went through? It’s not like I have a mind-reading Skill… Watching it makes me feel like shit, though, the Guardian mumbled.

	…It really does, I agreed.

	Incidents like this would always occur somewhere in the world. In fact, they could be worse than the one unfolding in front of me; however, knowing that was different from watching it with my own eyes. Although I wasn’t sure if it was a good or bad thing, the recreation of the doll’s trauma didn’t last for a long time.

	“F-fire!”

	A servant accidentally knocked over a candle without noticing. It happened late in the night when everyone was in their bed, so by the time someone noticed the fire, it was already too late.

	“Cough cough!”

	“We should run…”

	The first-floor lobby burned up first, taking its fancy chandelier with it. Next was the bedroom of the mansion’s owner; the fire found its way to his luxurious bed, the elegant curtains, and crept down the stairway to the deep basement.

	The blazing fire reached the ropes and chains in the basement. They were used to hang up the orphans, so all the brainwashed, tortured, and starved children were also caught in the fire. The fire seemed to erase whatever spell they were under.

	“Ah…”

	The children gasped. Because of the heated shackles around their wrists and ankles, they dangled helplessly like puppets on strings. The only thing they were able to do was scream, but I could still hear them voice their grudges and resentment in my head.

	—I don’t want to die.

	—I’m hungry.

	—I want to live…

	—Mister, you were kind…

	—I didn’t do anything wrong. I had no family. But it was okay. I still wanted to play a little longer… It was…

	—It’s not my fault. It’s unfair. It isn’t me.

	—I’m hungry.

	—I don’t want to die.

	Sparks flew in the air. From afar, the only thing I could see was the burning mansion.

	[The trauma recreation has been completed.]

	[Ending the Skill penalty.]

	And I went back a day.

	* * *

	Even after we opened our eyes, the Guardian and I were quiet. Both of us sat on the bed in silence. I was shocked… I wasn’t sure how I should deal with this.

	—Mmmm…

	After a long time, the Guardian scratched the back of his head.

	—It’s really tragic. Someone should remember them, but there isn’t much else we can do.

	“Is that seriously the first thing you say? What’s wrong—”

	—Yeah, fine. I’m fucked up. The Guardian frowned, making him look like an angry gorilla. Maybe he was part gorilla. But truth always sucks! The tenth floor’s boss monster is just a monster now. Those children already died somewhere in their world. The dolls are just copies of them! It happened long, long ago, so what can you do about it, Zombie!

	—If it’d happened in this Tower, then yes! Kill yourself five thousand times to go back to the past and fix it! But it happened in another world and a different time. This tragedy can’t be solved even if I were alive or I were the Sword God! Impossible is impossible for a reason.

	He was right.

	—Hunt down and kill the real doll. Then get to the eleventh, twentieth, thirtieth, fortieth, fiftieth floor and so on. Clear them all. If you’ve decided to become the strongest Hunter, then find a way to take care of your conscience on your own!

	He was right again, but I had to disagree this time.

	“That’s what the Fire Emperor would have thought.”

	—Huh?

	“The Fire Emperor. The Fucker. I’m talking about Yoo Soo-Ha, the first person I ever hunted.” I stood up from the bed. I tied my sleeping bag to the top of my backpack and secured my dagger to my belt. Although I looked clumsy, I equipped myself like the Hunter I was, ready to head outside my hotel room and climb the Tower. “You know what? Even if he saw the boss monster’s trauma, Yoo Soo-Ha would have found the real doll and immediately smashed its head. I’m sure of it.”

	—So what?

	“I don’t want to be like him.”

	I got to the tenth floor and fooled the guard like my last try. And once again, I stood in front of the mansion’s gate. The estate looked exactly the same as the one I had seen in the Hellfire Maiden’s trauma.

	—Hey! Are you a child? What are you going to do now? Not kill the boss monster because you want to be different? You have to kill the boss monster to clear the stage, Zombie!

	“Who said that?”

	—What?

	I put my hands on the gate.

	“Damn,” I mumbled. “I’m an idiot.”

	—What are you talking about?

	“You and I are both idiots. Goddamn it! The truth was right there, and we never noticed it.”

	—Are you nuts? The Guardian frowned. It’s totally true that you’re an idiot, but don’t drag me into this. People called me a child prodigy.

	“The Skill Card.” I said, holding back my annoyance. “The Infernal Barrier. The Class S Skill we haven’t picked. Do you remember? You went all wild about how I had to pick that one.”

	—Hmm? Of course I remember.

	“Say it.” I gestured at the Guardian.

	—I can’t believe it. Who do you take me for, Zombie?… Fine, listen up. The Guardian recited the Skill description with a frown.

	It looked like he wasn’t lying when he said he used to be a child prodigy. He didn’t miss a single detail of the Skill description.

	Infernal Barrier

	Class: S-

	Effects: Your unresolved grudges, your unheard voice, and your unfulfilled hope. Burn them all. “It’s hot.” Is that so? Turn the world into a ball of fire. “I feel like I’m going to die.” Kill everyone instead. As long as you desire, your Hellfire will manifest within a two-kilometer radius. No one can escape this hell without your permission. No one.

	※However, you must be within the barrier too.

	When he was done, I posed a question.

	“You don’t see the issue, Mr. Sword Emperor?”

	—Gosh, you’re frustrating the hell out of me. What in the world is supposed to be wrong!

	“I’m talking about the last part. No one can escape the Infernal Barrier without the boss monster’s permission. No one. So how in the world did the Hunters who challenged the boss monster survive and escape?”

	—Ah? The Guardian blinked… Huh? Fuck. You're right.

	Ever since the Tower had appeared in this world, the Black Dragon Guild had been the best guild. The Black Witch, the leader of the guild and the Rank 2 Hunter, had attempted to clear the tenth floor’s boss monster stage dozens of times already, but had failed every time. Still, she had managed to bring back all of her Tower Raid Team members alive.

	“It doesn’t make sense.” I slowly pushed the gates open. “It’s impossible to escape without the boss monster’s permission. That’s how the Skill is designed… It doesn’t make sense that an entire team of Hunters managed to escape unscathed without killing the boss monster.”

	—Then… what the heck happened?

	“There’s only one damn possible conclusion!”

	The gates swung open like arms spread wide for an embrace.

	“The boss monster allowed them to escape!”

	The Infernal Mansion—the indomitable boss monster stage of the Tower’s tenth floor—was laid open.

	[One challenger has entered the boss monster stage.]

	[The challenger’s name is Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.]

	[May luck be with you.]

	“It should have been obvious from how Hunters were able to escape if they wanted to. The boss monster and dolls never considered Hunters their enemies.”

	[Initiating the boss monster stage.]

	“They just wanted to play with the visitors.”

	The candles all over the mansion fell over, starting a fire. Amid the fire, the dolls stood. They couldn’t move,as if they were tied to something. The only thing they could do was to turn their heads and look at me. They opened their mouths and let out peals of laughter.

	—Are you here to play?

	—Are you going to play with us?

	—Freeze tag? Red light, green light? Hide and seek?

	—The ice melted. The street light is gone. Hide and seek it is!

	—Yeah! Let’s play! Play hide and seek with us!

	—Hehehehehe!

	The first-floor lobby burned up first, taking its fancy chandelier with it. Next was the bedroom of the mansion’s owner; the fire found its way to his luxurious bed, elegant curtains, and crept down the stairway to the deep basement… Everything burned except for the children—the dolls.

	I clenched my teeth for a moment.

	“Alright. I’ll play with you.”

	[The Skill Always Be Careful of Fire has been activated.]

	I used the fire immunity Skill I had gotten from my last death. The moment the Skill was activated, the heat around me vanished. I could breathe much more easily and observe the mansion’s surroundings a little more clearly.

	—Huh?

	—You aren’t burning, Mister.

	I looked carefully at the dolls. All of the dolls looked different but were equally expressionless—yet I could tell what they felt.

	—Isn’t it hot?

	—Mister, you’re strange.

	—Can you play with us?

	—Are you going to play with us?

	I nodded. “Yeah, I’m here to play hide-and-seek. You guys better brace yourselves. I never lost hide and seek when I was young.”

	—Hahahaha! You’re really weird, Mister!

	—Hide! Everyone, hide!

	The dozens, hundreds, thousands of dolls—no, children laughed. Although I told them to hide, no one moved because they couldn’t free themselves from their locations.

	—Don’t come out, don’t come out, wherever you are.

	“I got you.” I began to walk around the mansion, starting our game of hide-and-seek.

	Whenever I stroked one of their heads, the child would slowly turn its head to look at me.

	—Wrong! It isn’t me!

	The children disappeared with a smile.

	—It isn’t me!

	—It isn’t me!

	The mansion was filled with children, so I stroked their heads one by one as I walked by, making sure I got to every one of them.

	—Hey, you’re… You’re giving them a requiem… the Guardian mumbled.

	A requiem was made to console the deceased.

	Without answering the Guardian, I continued to walk around the mansion. Along the way, I found the chains and shackles that had been used to bind them. Whenever I encountered those bindings, I also saw children amid the fire.

	—It isn’t me! It isn’t me! It isn’t me!

	—No, it isn’t me! I’m not… It’s… not me… I’m not…

	—It’s… not me…

	After some time, I arrived at the foot of the long stone stairway that led to the basement. Children were collapsed on the stairs as if they had tried to crawl to freedom. After tagging every child on the stairs, I stood in the basement in front of the last child.

	—Are you going to play with us? The last child was sitting in the innermost depths of the mansion. Hammers, icepicks, and saws were scattered around the child.

	I slowly walked toward him and stroked his hairless head. “I got you.”

	The creator of the hellish inferno had a surprisingly small head, small enough for the whole thing to fit into my hand.

	“…You’re it now, kid.”

	After a moment of silence, the child slowly turned his head. Just like the other children, he was perfectly expressionless.

	—You’re kind, Mister, he said.

	The doll let out a laugh—along with its lips, skin, eyes… The entire child melted away like candle wax. Even as the fire devoured it, the child kept mumbling like a broken record.

	—Thank you.

	And it kept melting. Just like how the candle flame would disappear into the wax when it reached the end of the wick, everything disappeared. The chain and shackles liquefied, along with hammers, icepicks, and saws.

	—Thank you.

	The fire embraced the child, erasing its hunger and all other traces of its existence. Death left no traces.

	I stood in the center of the ruins, surrounded by the empty space that once held the mansion.

	[Congratulations.]

	[The normal stage has been cleared.]

	[The hidden stage has been cleared.]

	[The boss monster stage has been cleared.]

	The Tower’s tenth floor, which no human had ever cleared for years, was cleared today.

Chapter 18

The Penalty of Trauma (3)

	[The champion is Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the tenth floor…]

	[The calculation is complete.]

	[The reward will be given after you enter the eleventh floor, which will open in twenty-four hours.]

	I cleared the boss stage that had stymied everyone else. My name wasn’t even on the ranking, and I didn’t have a title of my own. The world would be flipped upside down if this went public.

	“Phew.”

	However, I couldn’t enjoy it as freely as I had hoped—I was happy and gloomy at the same time. I walked through the ashes like a lonely poet.

	—Hey, why do you look like shit? You even cleared the hidden objective. Even I only managed to clear a handful of hidden stages before I died. You’ll probably get a great reward.

	“A psychopath like you wouldn’t understand why I’m feeling down. You don’t have an ounce of empathy.”

	—Oh. You look like shit because you’re full of shit.

	It was incredible how one comment from the Guardian made my gloominess vanish. Yeah, it was impossible to become sentimental with a wacko like him.

	“…I just thought that the world is fucked up.”

	—Huh?

	“You saw it in there. Whichever world it is, fucked-up stuff like that always happens.”

	The Guardian nodded.

	—Well, I think humans are the same wherever you are.

	We stood in silence, letting time pass as we watched the mansion’s ruins. After a while, the Guardian violently shook his head.

	—Forget it. Forget it! Phew. This is really not my vibe! By the way, Kim Gong-Ja, you surprised me earlier!

	“What?”

	—I mean, you found your own way to clear the boss stage. It was amazing. Good job!

	Though I could tell that he was giving me an honest compliment in his own way, it gave me the creeps.

	“…Who are you?” I demanded, brow furrowed. “Why are you suddenly giving me compliments?”

	—Oh, come on. I compliment people when they’ve earned it. You solved a problem with your own abilities this time, not by relying on your luck. Besides, you’re my partner, so I should celebrate with you when something good happens to you, right?

	I narrowed my eyes. “You’re acting suspicious…”

	—What do you mean, suspicious? Great job, Kim Gong-Ja! You’re awesome! When the eleventh floor opens up, let’s keep this up and snatch the seat of the Rank 1 Hunter! Who cares if some people say it’s a fraud? If they have a problem with that, they should have gotten overpowered Skills themselves! The Guardian gave me a bright smile.

	What? What was suddenly wrong with him? There was no way he would act like this unless the sun was coming up from the west tomorrow or the Tower was going to collapse.

	The strange moment was dramatically interrupted.

	[Announcement.]

	[The tenth floor has been cleared today.]

	[Announcement.]

	I heard a voice, but it wasn’t coming from my head this time. The voice reverberated from the sky.

	[The tenth floor has been cleared today.]

	[The eleventh floor will be unlocked in twenty-four hours.]

	Fireworks went off in the sky, announcing the beginning of a new era. Purple fireworks went off first, and then it was red, blue, and yellow. The show continued, decorating the sky with blooms in dozens of colors and thousands of streams.

	“Ah…” I blankly looked up at the sky.

	The fireworks in the air didn’t disappear even after they went off. Each spark moved like a serpent, slowly transforming the fireworks into something new.

	[24:00:00]

	[23:59:59]

	The glittering clock began the countdown to the next floor opening. The Guardian and I stood side by side and watched the sky.

	—This is where the real story begins, the Guardian mumbled.

	I nodded. “It looks like it.”

	—I watched this firework show before I died.

	“I’ve seen it too.” I clenched my fists. “But back then, I was at a bar on the first floor. I was just an extra in this story. I floundered for a long time because I didn’t know what happened and lost my chance and stayed a Class F Hunter all my life… Damn, I was a real idiot.”

	—Heh. The Guardian giggled. So how does it feel to be promoted from an extra to a main character?

	Rather than answer, I pulled out my smartphone to check people’s reactions in Hunter-related online communities.

	—wut. wtf is this firework show?

	—There’s fireworks going off on the first floor. Is this only happening on the first floor?

	—no, it’s also loud and bright as hell here. i’m in the third-floor hunting ground.

	As expected, the firework show in the broad daylight set all the online communities on fire.

	—Did anyone hear a voice just now?

	—It said the tenth floor’s been cleared. Is this fr?

	—did the Black Dragon Guild do it?

	—they didn’t make any announcements what’s going on?

	—Their next expedition is in two weeks. I saw it on the Hunter Management Bureau’s announcement channel.

	—It’s definitely not the Black Dragon Guild! Look at this photo! All their executives are in a cafe near Babylon Bank intersection

	—Who cleared the floor?

	It didn’t stop.

	—Breaking News: The tenth floor has been cleared.

	—The identity of the guild who cleared the boss remains unknown.

	—The Black Dragon Guild remains silent despite the Tower’s announcement.

	Dozens of posts were made by the second. It wasn’t just happening in the Hunter-related communities—the fire quickly spread elsewhere. The media in Babylon quickly published one-line news flashes, while tabloids were busily starting other fires.

	—who did it if it wasnt black dragon?

	—I don’t think it’s the Pantheon. I’m praying in the Pantheon, and I saw the Inquisitor gather up his priests. It’s insane here.

	—Right! It must be the Sword Star!

	—the Sword Star def cleared it on his own no cap

	—oh lol yeah that’s possible

	The fires remained contained in the communities they started in at first. Some communities believed that it was the work of the Pantheon. The Sword Star, Countess, Viper, and Paladin were also mentioned—basically, every High Ranker was proposed as the hero who cleared the tenth floor.

	—WTH are you talking about? The Sword Star is drinking milk in a bar.

	—^He’s really at the bar. See the photo.

	—Viper is teaching his student at his dojo.

	—What’re you talking about?

	—bro the paladin is working in babylon plaza

	—I asked the Sword Star. He says it isn’t him.

	—No wait that doesn’t make sense here.

	—An MA executive here. I can’t tell you guys my real name and title, but it isn’t the MA.

	—Why is no one saying they did it?

	—wtf

	The fires soon came together into one big question:

	—Then who is it?

	—No one knows who cleared it?

	—Who is the Hunter that cleared the tenth floor?

	—Who in the world…

	I turned off the screen and answered the Guardian’s question from earlier.

	“How do I feel?” I was smiling. “I feel awesome.”

	It was the first time in my life I’d felt like this. Although no one was saying my name, I could instinctively tell that this was how it felt like to stand at the top.

	“I feel like the entire world is mine.”

	—Right? The Guardian grinned. But that’s just an illusion right now. You don’t have the world. You’ve only cleared the tenth floor. Still, you aren’t completely delusional since you’re closer to the top than anyone else in your world, Gong-Ja.

	“I know. “ I turned my head. “All that’s left to do is really get to the top.”

	I could see someone running up the stone pathway that led to the Infernal Mansion. It was the guard I had tricked into believing I was terminally ill.

	“Huff, huff…! Huffffff. Mr. Hunter…!” The guard was drenched in sweat. It looked like he had sprinted the entire way here. He stopped in front of me, panting. “W-was that… y-you, Mr. Hunter?”

	“I’m not sure what you’re talking about.”

	“I-I’m talking about the tenth floor clear!” the guard yelled. “I’m in charge of the stage today… and you’re the only one who challenged the stage today. So… I-it’s chaos right now. The bureau keeps calling and demanding an answer…!”

	“Hmm.” I looked at the guard.

	Even as we spoke, something in his pocket kept vibrating. It was probably his smartphone receiving a call. Just like he said, it must be madness in the Tower.

	I smiled. “What are you going to do if I actually cleared it?”

	“Eh?”

	“If I’m really the Hunter who cleared the tenth floor, what are you going to do about it?”

	“U-um, I…” The guard fumbled for words, bewildered. “I didn’t get to check your license… so I need to do it now.”

	“Huhhhh? Sir, that doesn’t really sound right. You took a hundred gold from me. I don’t think that counts as an accident.”

	“W-well—”

	“I appreciate your hard work, though.” I patted the guard’s shoulder a couple of times.

	The guard gave me a blank stare as I walked right past him and began to make my way down the stone pathway. After a moment, I heard his desperate cry from behind me.

	“P-please wait, Mr. Hunter! You can just give me your title! No, please tell me your title at least! Otherwise, my seniors in the management bureau will beat the hell out of me!”

	“I don’t have a title,” I answered without turning around. “Have a great day—oh, don’t follow me, though. If you do, I’m really going to run away.”

	Fortunately, the guard didn’t follow me, not that it was a problem even if he did. He was exhausted after climbing his way up to the mansion, so I could easily lose him.

	—Hey, look at his face. He looks like he saw a ghost. The Guardian cackled at the guard. Good job, by the way. That’s how you increase your value. Yes, that’s right; you should hide your identity and make the others come looking for you. I didn’t teach you, but you’re doing a goo—

	“Mr. Sword Emperor.”

	—Hmm? What?

	I stood in front of the teleportation stone installed at the entrance of the tenth floor.

	“I just realized something.”

	—Realize what?

	“I realized why you’re suddenly showering me with compliments,” I remarked as I made a reservation to be teleported to the first floor. “It’s because of our bet.”

	The Guardian stiffened.

	“I remember now. You promised to call me Mister Gong-Ja if I managed to clear the boss monster stage within two Coins. And, uh-oh, I actually did it. Wow, Mr. Sword Emperor is in trouble.”

	—Hey, Gong-Ja… That’s wrong. The Guardian pulled a long face. You and I, we’re partners… and partners are supposed to be equal. I’m the one who cleared the ninety-ninth floor, and you will be the future challenger of the one-hundredth floor. My partner! My friend! How cool is that!

	I beamed. “From now on, if you want to talk to me, you can start your sentences with Mister Gong-Ja. Forever.”

	The Guardian descended into the pits of despair.

Chapter 19

Do you fancy a cup of coffee? (1)

	“Who in the world cleared the tenth floor?”

	“I’m checking the news, but I got nothing. They’re all tabloids…”

	“Maybe the Black Dragon Guild is hiding it on purpose to be dramatic…”

	“Ah, I’m telling you it’s the Sword Star!”

	Babylon, the city on the Tower’s first floor, was in an uproar. People were overjoyed by the news. The unassailable tenth floor had been cleared! However, the identity of the one who had done the deed remained a mystery. Even the people on the patio of the cafe I was in were talking about it. How would they react if they found out that the guy next to them was the person they were talking about?

	“Mmm. It’s sweet,” I said, sipping on my caramel macchiato.

	The cafe located opposite the MA headquarters was Babylon’s one and only Starbacks. No one could leave once they entered the Tower, but they had managed to build a franchise cafe in this place anyway. I really respected their entrepreneurial spirit. The Tower also had franchises from the red-nosed clown and the plump grandfather mascots. Ah, human greed was truly amazing!

	“What do you think, Mr. Sword Emperor? Isn’t victory really sweet? Frankly, I feel like even an espresso would taste sweet to me.

	“Hmm? Are my earphones not working? That’s strange. I can’t hear your answer.” I pulled out one of my earphones and tapped on it a couple of times.

	Actually, my earphones made no sound. It was a simple decoy because, without it, I would look like a crazy guy who was talking to himself. It worked quite well, judging from how no one in the cafe took me for a weirdo.

	“Mr. Sword Emperor? Oh, Mr. Sword Emperor. Hey, Mr. Psychopath! Excuse me, Mr. Crazyhead?” I heckled in a sing-song voice.

	—… Yeah.

	“Phew. I can finally hear you. You had me worried there for a second—I thought you had a problem with your ears. Tsk, tsk. You shouldn’t make me, the great Gong-Ja, worry if you have a heart.”

	“Oh, riiiiiight. You don’t have a heart, you’re a ghost! I forgot! I’m so slow. Come to think of it, Sword Emperor, can we talk casually now? You’re supposed to serve me, so it’s a little weird if I speak to you formally.”

	—Fu… ck… I’ve never been humiliated like this… An emperor… They called me the emperor of swords. How did I end up in this disaster after my death… The Guardian floated on the other side of my table, trembling.

	“I’m joking, of course. I’m joking. Even if you call me Mr. Gong-Ja, you’re a senior Hunter with much more experience than me, so I can’t do that. Well, nothing is technically stopping me from being casual with you, but I’ll keep calling you Mr. Sword Emperor because I’m a man of manners. How does that sound? Do you like it?”

	—Just kill me! the Guardian cried. Get a new Skill and overwrite the Sword Constellation! Then everything works out, you shit! Just kill me already!

	“What? What are you talking about? We’re partners. Partners for life! No one in the world kills their best friend. We’re together forever.”

	The Guardian sobbed.

	—Forget it… I’m not going to say anything. Gramps Marcussss, I want to go back to you…

	I looked up at the sky, enjoying my extra-sweet coffee.

	[22:32:50]

	The countdown in the sky showed that one and a half hours had already passed. It was about time they came…

	Meow.

	“Hmm?”

	A brown cat ambled toward me. She was too well groomed to be a stray, not to mention the two gold coins dangling from her neck. I nervously considered my next action.

	She’s the Goldcoin Cat.

	—What?

	The Goldcoin Cat. She’s really famou— Oh, yeah. That isn’t a thing right now.

	The cat wasn’t ordinary. In five years, she was going to become a famous mascot.

	…I didn’t expect a tycoon like her to come all the way over here herself. I guess I should pretend I don’t know anything.

	Maintaining my composure, I looked at the cat.

	“Are you lost?”

	Meow.

	The brown cat rubbed her head against mine. It left me a bit dumbstruck. If I hadn’t known her identity, I would have thought she was a real cat who happened to be rather friendly.

	“Do you want to stay with me until your owner comes to look for you?”

	Meowwww.

	I picked up the cat and put her on my lap. She immediately curled up like that was exactly what she was aiming for. She even meowed again and let out a yawn.

	I did hear that she’s obsessed with cats, but she’s quite the actress. I stroked the cat’s head, amazed.

	Meoooow.

	After I spent a while listening to the cat purr, a group of Hunters entered the cafe. One of them spoke first.

	“Excuse me. Is your name Kim Gong-Ja?”

	“Mmm.” I gave them a quick scan and noted their expensive gear, which indicated that their guilds hadn’t sent nobodies. They may not be the leaders, but they were at least executives of their guilds. Yet they were here at Starbacks.

	I pulled out my identification card and showed it to them. “I wondered how long it would take. Exactly one and a half hours.”

	Seeing my identification card made the Hunters’ eyes widen. They hurriedly pulled out their smartphones and made calls.

	“Yes, I found him!”

	“He’s at the cafe across the street from the bank…”

	“No, the other guilds are here too… Yes. Yes! Understood, Colonel.”

	“Don’t worry, ma’am. I’ll never lose him to a different guild!”

	I pleasantly watched the calm before a storm.

	I feel like a VIP.

	—Well, most guilds would be hellbent on recruiting you. No one managed to clear the tenth floor until you did. And you did it alone. That makes you a real VIP.

	You have a point. The guy who cleared the ninety-ninth floor calls me Mr. Gong-Ja and serves me with respect. It would be weird if I wasn’t a VIP.

	—Fuck! Fuck! Fuckkkkk!

	The Hunters finished their calls one after another, all looking nervous. I quietly waited for one of them to step up.

	A blonde Hunter with a large physique made the first move.

	“I’m the Human Resource Team manager of the Watchmen League, Mr. Kim,” he said. “I’m sure you already know that the Watchmen League is the most honorable guild in Babylon. If you join my guild—!”

	“Give me a moment please.” I held up my hand, interrupting him. “I’m really sorry for cutting you off, but I would like to make two things clear before we begin anything. First of all, don’t mention my name to the media.”

	I slowly looked around at the Hunters. I was sure that none of their Classes were lower than mine. Before the regression, I wouldn’t have dared to look them in the eyes, but I now had no reason to feel intimidated.

	I had the glory of clearing the Tower’s tenth floor! That was a reputation that no one could belittle, regardless of their Class. And the more capable Hunters were, the more they valued feats of strength. If they were competent officers, then they wouldn’t treat me lightly.

	“I’ll never sign a contract or make a deal with any guild who leaks my identity to the media. Please remember that before we continue.”

	“Umm…” Another Hunter raised her hand. “H-how long does that condition stand, though? The reporters from the Retrospective Newspaper are hovering around every guild looking for answers… Mr. Kim, I’ll be honest. The guilds can try hiding it, but we can’t guarantee your anonymity.”

	“Well, I’m not asking you to do it forever.” I pointed at the sky, drawing the Hunters’ eyes.

	[22:25:31]

	“Please keep the news embargo until that countdown hits zero.”

	“Oh! Yes… we can make it work.”

	The Hunters heaved a sigh of relief.

	I have to hit the ground running as soon as the eleventh floor opens up, so I can’t waste my time with reporters.

	“That’s my first condition,” I continued with a smile, “and the second is…”

	The Hunters looked at me with dark expressions, worried that my second condition would be difficult. However, I just grinned and gestured around at my surroundings.

	“This is a public place, so let’s be considerate of the other guests.”

	“Excuse me?”

	“I’m surprised you haven’t noticed that people are watching us. Everyone is confused because you guys came rushing in.”

	Indeed, most of the guests on the patio were stealing glances in this direction. They looked at the Hunters and me skeptically and were whispering amongst themselves. Some of them even held up their smartphones, seemingly trying to discreetly film everything.

	“It’s a public nuisance. I understand that it would have been hectic for all of you to find me, but it’s not like I’m going to run off anywhere.”

	“E-excuse me.”

	The Hunters belatedly came to their senses and scattered.

	“I’m sorry. I’m not at liberty to discuss what is happening, but if you would please excuse…”

	“Sir, I would like to rent the cafe for an hour. How much would it cost?”

	“Thank you for your understanding, people! If you visit the OJP Sect later, the guild will express…”

	Their work was flawless. They bowed to the guests and asked for their understanding and then borrowed the cafe from the owner. All told, it took less than five minutes to empty the cafe. We went inside to resume the conversation.

	“Alright. Let’s begin the negotiation.” I gestured at them. “State your terms.”

	Funnily enough, all of the Hunters were holding a cup of coffee after I had told them that they were being a nuisance. It was adorable.

	“…The Watchman League can offer you ten thousand gold as a signing bonus.”

	That was the trigger.

	“Ten thousand gold? Did you really have to show how poor your guild is here? Mr. Kim, please join the Adventurer Association. The guild can guarantee you twenty thousand gold as a signing bonus, plus an executive position.”

	“Why don’t you come to the OJP Sect, Mr. Kim? The guild specializes in raising combat Hunters in the most classic way. You’ll immediately be appointed as an instructor and receive a signing bonus of twenty-five thousand gold.”

	“That kind of position comes with cumbersome duties. Why don’t you think about this, Mr. Kim? The Pantheon offers you an honorary position, but it would be great if you could take charge of advertising the guild in and outside the Tower. The signing bonus will be thirty thousand gold, but separate bonuses— “

	“The Hunter Management Bureau! The bureau would like you as a promotional ambassador!”

	The cafe became rowdy with the HR managers’ voices. I could understand their desperate attempts to win over me, though. Major guilds would be feeling pressured by the Sword Star; he was the Rank 1 Hunter and he didn’t join any guilds or even work with anyone! Because of him, people couldn’t help but wonder if it was necessary to join a guild. Perhaps a Hunter was better off standing alone after all…

	But the Sword Star is a special case.

	Regardless of what the truth was, it badly affected the guilds’ image.

	And now they have a new hero who’ll be as popular as the Sword Star. I smiled. They’ll use any means necessary to recruit me.

	It was obvious that each of the recruiters were under strict orders to keep me out of the hands of the other guilds.

	“T-the Watchmen League… can offer you thirty-six thousand gold—”

	“If your guild is too poor for this, why don’t you just stay put? Please?”

	“This is never going to finish if you only raise the price by one thousand gold at a time. Can’t you read the room here?”

	“The Alchemist Office—”

	“The MA will give you fifty thousand gold,” a charismatic voice interrupted, catching all of the Hunters’ attention. Their eyes turned to the cat on my lap. She meowed and used her fluffy hind paws to leap into the air. By the time she landed nimbly on the floor of the cafe, her paws had turned into human feet wearing shoes.

	“Your signing bonus will be fifty thousand gold. I’ll give it to you right now if you want.” The woman turned around. The two gold coins on her necklace bumped into each other with the distinctive clink of metal. “And you’ll be the MA’s assistant leader. How does that sound? Fifty thousand gold and becoming the MA’s assistant leader.”

	She was the Countess, the Rank 3 Hunter and leader of the Merchant Association. She had the ability to transform. She must be over forty years old, but looked like she was in her twenties. Well, she was the richest Hunter in the Tower, so she must be drinking top-quality elixirs of eternal youth every day.

	Although she was a tycoon the likes of which the old me would never have been able to meet, I maintained my composure and gave her a smile.

	“Hmm, now it sounds like a negotiation.”

	The first round of bidding was complete.

Chapter 20

Do you fancy a cup of coffee? (2)

	“Hmm, you’ve got guts.” The Countess smirked. “A cat turned into a human, but you don’t look surprised… You aren’t like most youngsters nowadays. Oh, that was a compliment.”

	“Thank you. I’ve gotten used to these things because I can see ghosts and stuff.”

	“Hahaha! You can even afford to joke now?” The Countess produced a fan and fanned herself. “You’re incredible.”

	I wasn’t joking though.

	“Uhh…”

	“Ummm…”

	The Human Resource Team managers had been screaming about my signing bonus until not too long ago, but right after the Countess had shown up, they now only exchanged glances. Only the Countess was laughing now. The blonde Hunter with a large figure cautiously said, “Um, excuse me, ma’am…”

	“You’re excused.”

	“Isn’t… a fifty thousand signing bonus and the MA assistant leader position too much? I-it is remarkable that he cleared the tenth floor, but we don’t know… how great… a Hunter he actually… is…”

	The Hunter trailed off into silence. Not because he suddenly lost the ability to speak, but because the Countess was looking at him. Her mouth was hidden behind her fan, and she was smiling only with her eyes. The Hunter closed his mouth, belatedly realizing that everything he said was meaningless. After all, he was talking to the Rank 3 Hunter, who was in a whole different league.

	“Are you done?”

	“…Yes, ma’am.”

	“Then bring your superior before you embarrass yourself any further. I’m sorry, but it’s pointless to talk with you—well, I don’t really mind if one of you can bet more than fifty thousand gold. Make yourself comfortable if you can,” she told them, an elegant way of suggesting they get lost.

	If someone as high up as her told middle management to get lost, then all they could do was get lost. One by one, the HR managers stood up and left the cafe. It took ten minutes for new Hunters to walk into the cafe, carrying the metaphorical batons passed by the HR managers.

	“That MF! God fucking damn it!”

	The first person to enter was the Viper, the Rank 5 Hunter and the leader of OJP Sect.

	“Hmm. She got a drop on us,” the Inquisitor, leader of the Pantheon and the Rank 4 Hunter remarked. “I guess I was too complacent.”

	“Calling it complacent is wrong. Our job today is to prevent chaos from spreading among Hunters, not welcome the new hero. The Countess went too far,” the Paladin commented. She was the Rank 8 Hunter and assistant leader of the Watchmen League. Behind her was the Black Witch, who was the Rank 2 Hunter and led the Black Dragon Guild.

	Whoa. I didn’t show it, but I was impressed. Heroes assembled.

	Every one of them was a High Ranker, someone I had only ever seen in their interviews and the newspaper articles about them. They were now moving right before my eyes and sitting at my table. Once again, I realized how high my value was.

	“Welcome, all of you.” The Countess rested her chin on her palm and gave them a beautiful smile. “I don’t know how long it’s been since we were last gathered. I feel like it was only yesterday we cleared the second floor. Time flies. We’re old now.”

	“Shut up before I cook you into a butterfly stew, mofo.” the Viper growled. He was a middle-aged man who wore an eyepatch over one of his eyes. Apparently, it covered the scar he had gotten after challenging the Sword Star. He was also known for clearing the second floor.

	“I heard on the way you offered fifty thousand gold and to make him assistant leader. Did your brain turn into an animal’s after spending all those days cosplaying as one? I don’t care about you throwing your money in the air because there’s nothing new about your shit, but why in the hell would you make him assistant leader—”

	“Now, now!” the Inquisitor interrupted, beaming. “Let’s make our orders first! It’s very rude to stay in a cafe without ordering. We’re ensuring the Tower’s order as the major guilds’ leaders, so we should set an example! I’ll get a mocha. What about you?”

	“Oh, I would like a hot americano.”

	“I want a cold latte.”

	“…Hot hazelnut latte. Add an extra shot, and make it grande.”

	The guild leaders had their orders ready and took care of it with minimal fuss. The Viper was the only one who didn’t go along.

	“What? Coffee?” he demanded. “Hey, the whole world turned upside down because the tenth floor is cleared. Are your brains pickled in caffeine—?”

	“It’s an espresso for you, Viper, isn’t it? Alright.”

	“You fucking sycophant—!”

	“Sir! I’d like to make an order!” the Inquisitor yelled, ignoring the Viper.

	“Y-yes…?” The Starbacks barista standing behind the counter flinched. He went pale when he realized that he had to make coffees for the High Rankers.

	The Inquisitor beamed at the barista, his blonde hair fluttering. People from all over the world were gathered in the Tower, so he was responsible for preventing religious conflicts. He was also known for speaking to everyone with respect, even the terrorists that he tortured.

	“I would like to get one iced mocha, one hot americano, one iced latte, one hot hazelnut latte, and one espresso. Can I get the first three tall, but the hazelnut latte grande with an extra shot and the espresso to be in doppio!” the Inquisitor rattled off.

	“Yes! Yup. Yes…!

	“Oh, yeah.” The Inquisitor slowly turned his head. “What would you like to order, Mr. Kim?”

	All five people watched me carefully, gauging my reaction. Amusement, belligerence, joy, coldness, and nonchalance. Each of their eyes contained different emotions.

	The Guardian spoke up.

	—Don’t chicken out. Think of them like they’re nothing! They are nothing. You were killed by Gramps Marcus, right? None of them are better than Gramps Marcus.

	I know. I knew it very well. They’re just trying to bring me down a notch.

	And all of this was part of their little charade

	I shrugged. “Can I see a menu, sir?” I asked the barista.

	“Pardon?”

	“I had a caramel macchiato earlier, so I don’t really feel like having another coffee. I want to look at the menu first… Hmmm, on second thought, it’s fine. Can I have hot chocolate if you have it?”

	“Ah, okay.” The barista nodded.

	I needed to show them composure.

	They didn’t run into each other here by coincidence.

	Even the Human Resource Team managers from different guilds had arrived at the cafe together, just like their leaders. Could that really be a coincidence?

	Hell no! Their plan is to use their numbers to confuse the hell out of me.

	They were only pretending it was a coincidence. It was a classic gangster move.

	Well, these Hunters are much scarier than ordinary gangsters…

	The tension was so thick that I could cut it with a knife.

	This is nothing compared to getting burned to death.

	In other words, their pressure wasn’t even lukewarm in comparison. If all of this had happened before the Fire Emperor killed me… I would have been scared shitless, but not now. It wasn’t scary at all for one very simple reason.

	They can kill me if they have a problem with that.

	I would be fine even if they killed me!

	—Yes, I told you that you have the advantage! The Guardian nodded fervently. Scowl at them! Taunt them into killing you already if they are going to do it. Sit up straight! They’re a bunch of losers who can’t keep you dead! They shouldn’t call themselves High Rankers!

	Umm… Thank you for taking my side, but I’m not canceling our Mr. Gong-Ja arrangement.

	—Ah, shit…! The Guardian clutched his head in despair.

	The Inquisitor’s eyed me curiously “Hmm, interesting. I found no notable history before you cleared the tenth floor. It’s like you became a different man… I guess you never know where life will take you!”

	“He does have some notable history.” The Countess smiled with her eyes, covering the lower part of her face with her fan. “This young man has recently won my guild’s lottery. He’s lucky as well as bold. I’m not sure how he did it, but judging from the fact that he cleared the tenth floor, he’s also skilled. Luck, courage, and skill. Any youngster with these three elements will always thrive.”

	The Viper looked at them across the table and sighed. “Phew… That’s why I told you guys to just recruit him! Don’t rely on cheap tricks! Tsk. I knew this act wouldn’t work at all… He cleared the tenth floor, so he can’t possibly be that naive. “

	“It doesn’t matter.” The Black Witch, the leader of the Black Dragon Guild, broke her silence. “Just because a monk wasn’t able to save face, doesn’t mean Buddha is also disgraced. We’re all busy people, so let’s lay out the blame later.”

	“Cough…”

	“Mr. Kim.” The Black Witch looked at me with eyes that were as dark as ink. “I’ll be honest. Which guild are you planning to join? If you’re going to be like the Sword Star and not join any guild, tell us in advance—we need to discuss how we shall deal with the media.”

	“What if I’m going to join a guild?” I tilted my head.

	“An intense recruiting war will start,” the Black Witch calmly answered. “We’ve been stalled on the ninth floor for far too long… I guess that’s an understatement. We’ve just been embarrassing ourselves. But thanks to you clearing the tenth floor, we now have an opportunity to advertise the Tower’s value to the outside world.”

	“An opportunity…”

	“Yes, an opportunity to bring more people from the outside world, not just refugees.”

	The barista came over with a tray full of coffee. The guild leaders quietly received their coffee. No one said anything.

	The Black Witch took a sip of her hazelnut latte and then put it down before she continued, “Above all, once the eleventh floor opens, the Hunters in Babylon will be inspired. Even the realists who forgot about their adventurous spirit will want to step outside the first floor and peek at the eleventh floor; everyone wants to explore the unknown world waiting for them “

	I nodded. “It’ll help the food shortage.”

	The Black Witch stopped for a moment, surprised by my answer. “…You catch on quick. Yes, it’s getting difficult to meet our food demands by selling goods from the ninth floor and below.”

	“I’m keeping the trade route to the outside world open all day.” The Countess smiled. “But it’s not like I’m as vigorous as I used to be. It’s getting tougher as I age.”

	“We need new products,” the Black Witch continued. “We have to attract adventurers to the world beyond the tenth floor so we can search for goods that can only be found there.”

	“Plus, you will need a means of advertisement so that you can announce the beginning of a new era. And that’s me,” I speculated.

	“…Yes, that would be an accurate assessment.”

	That was precisely what was going to happen in the future. It was also the reason why major guilds couldn’t kick around the Fire Emperor, despite how full of himself he was. He used to be a hero and the icon of a new generation, regardless of whether or not they liked it. In order for the Tower’s society to grow, people needed a hero like them!

	But the Black Dragon still tried to assassinate the Fire Emperor.

	I remembered the conversation I heard in the slum alley.

	“Who ordered you to kill me? Was it the witch from the Black Dragon Guild?

	The Saintess had slowly nodded. Unless she had been lying, the witch in front of me had actually tried to assassinate the Fire Emperor, although I would never know why she had done it…

	We’re going to get along great. A person who hates the Fucker can’t be a bad guy! I joyfully thought.

	The enemy of my enemy is my friend, as it was said, so I felt a sense of camaraderie with her.

	“I understand what you’re saying,” I said. “Any guild that successfully recruits me also becomes the symbol of the new era, while the other guilds will end up as sidekicks.”

	“Correct.”

	“That makes me feel a little bad… so here’s how we’ll settle this.”

	When the Hunters waited for me to continue, I pulled out my cards.

	The Black Witch tilted her head in confusion. “Cards? Are you seriously suggesting you’re going to pick your guild with a card game?”

	“Yes. I’ll join the guild of whoever wins this poker game. I don’t need a signing bonus or a high position.” I grinned. “But! If I win, I will join all of your guilds at the same time. Oh, I’ll be an ordinary member, but I want to be treated equal to all of you. You get to use my image, and I get to be treated like the major guild leaders. How does that sound?”

	The guild leaders’ expressions changed.

	“Hahahaha!” The Countess threw back her head. “You only cleared one floor and yet you want to be treated like us?”

	“Yes. That is, if I win in the poker game with all of you.”

	“Intriguing. I like it.” The Countess put down her coffee cup and looked around. “How about the rest of you?”

	“I’m good with it too as long we aren’t using any tricks!” the Inquisitor answered first.

	“…Let’s not use any Skills either. If you do, you guys will have too much of an advantage. Whoever gets caught using their Skills will automatically be eliminated,” the Viper suggested.

	The Paladin nodded in agreement. “This is better for me. My guild is poorer, so I’ll inevitably lose if we start bidding. I won’t suffer any losses even if I’m defeated in this game, but winning would be a jackpot.”

	“Okay,” the Black Witch agreed, rounding off the group. “I accept your offer.”

	After the deal was struck the High Rankers and I detailed the rules. The rules themselves were rather simple, but the High Rankers examined the cards very thoroughly to see if I had rigged them in any way.

	While the cards were distributed, I said, Mr. Sword Emperor. You really hate calling me Mr. Gong-Ja, don’t you?

	—Huh…? The Guardian, still wallowing in despair, blankly looked up.

	Here’s what we’ll do.

	—Do what…?

	You only have to call me Mr. Gong-Ja until the end of this game.

	—Seriously? I can? The Guardian’s eyes as big as saucers.

	Yeah, sure, I told him, the ends of my mouth rising. In return, tell me all their cards.

	—Yes! Yes! Woohoo! Hell yeah! God damn. The Guardian hopped ecstatically. You’re like the reincarnation of Confucius! So generous! Don’t worry one bit. Mr. Gong-Ja, I’ll tell you if they’re pulling a fast one on you as well as their cards!

	Now, let the game begin.

Chapter 21

Do you fancy a cup of coffee? (3)

	—Mr. Gong-Ja! His hand is a straight. You better fold this one.

	“I’ll fold this round.” I dropped my cards on the table.

	—Oh, he’s bluffing with a pair! Silly him. Silly! I think you can just call this round and kill him. Hehehe.

	“Call.”

	—Look what she’s got here! She has a two pair, but—uh-oh—your two pair is better! Gosh, this is so much fun. Let’s go, Mr. Gong-Ja! She’ll see who’s going to win!

	“I’ll raise.”

	—Whoa, he seems to be aiming for a full house. Don’t worry, Mr. Gong-Ja. I took a peek under the table just now to see the cards, but she’ll never get a full house even after the last card is revealed. Trust me on this one. Let’s go!

	“All in.” I smirked.

	After around thirty poker hands, the Viper was shaking from anger, his face bright red underneath his eyepatch.

	“Fuck! This is a fraud!” He sprang to his feet, rocking the table.

	The other Hunters picked up their cups as if they’d seen it coming, preventing their coffees from being tragically spilled all over the table.

	Hmm. Impeccable reflexes, I noted, impressed by what I‘d just witnessed.

	“It doesn’t make sense! We’ve already done this over thirty times, but he didn’t lose even once! Bluffing doesn’t work either! I don’t know if it’s a passive Skill, but he’s definitely using one! I’m sure of it! This whole game is rigged!”

	“Do you have proof of that?” I sipped on my hot chocolate, although it was lukewarm chocolate now. Well, it had a charm of its own like this. “Who knows? Maybe I’m a poker master. I’m deeply hurt if you’re accusing me without any proof. Besides, I want to be on your good side. I’ve always respected you.”

	“Hey, is he really a Class F Hunter?” the Viper yelled, looking around at his fellow Hunters. “There’s no way he’s actually F! I bet he bribed the bureau guys to lie for him! That smug face belongs to a Class B Hunter at least!”

	“Wow! How did you know I’m not a Class F Hunter?”

	“Yes! I knew—”

	“I actually became a Class E Hunter yesterday. I was so busy clearing the tenth floor that I didn’t get to report to the bureau.” I smiled. “I’m flattered you have such a high opinion of me. By the way, I think you’re out of chips, sir.”

	“Errr…” The Viper staggered toward the table where the eliminated competitors gathered and watched the rest of the game like.

	“Welcome, Mr. Viper!” The Inquisitor, the first one to drop out from the poker, beamed at him. “I thought it was about time you were eliminated, so I ordered you another espresso! No need to be polite. Help yourself!”

	“I don’t like espressos…”

	“Yes, I know that! But being picky is bad, so overcome it!”

	“Goddamn preacher…” The Viper slumped into his chair with a morose expression.

	Three Hunters had survived until the end. I and the Black Witch were two of them. To my surprise, the Paladin was still at the table, too.

	“Hmm.” The Paladin frowned at her cards.

	She was known for her uprightness and fairness. In fact, her entire wealth had been donated to orphanages. She was also working as the assistant leader of the Watchmen League, which had been founded to maintain order in Babylon, the Tower’s first-floor city; in the outside world, she would be similar to a police commissioner.

	“I lost.” The Paladin put down her cards and sighed. “I was quite confident with my poker face. Mr. Kim, do you happen to have a mind-reading Skill?”

	“Well, it might be a mind-reading Skill or it could be x-ray vision. Why don’t you make a guess?”

	“…It’s so hard to deal with young Hunters nowadays.” The Paladin smiled bitterly. After a bow, she walked toward the dropout table.

	“Hey! You shouldn’t give up that easily!” The Viper huffed and puffed. His mouth was dirtied by smears of espresso. “You should go after him like a tenacious hound regardless of whether it works or not! Are you going to let that conman rob you?”

	“Conman? You’re too harsh on our new hero.”

	“It’s obvious that he’s using a Skill!”

	The Paladin shrugged. “I knew that when we started.”

	“Huh? What?”

	“It would be strange not to notice. There’s no way a rookie Hunter would have suggested a poker game with us relying on raw luck. The challenge itself is a declaration of how confident he is that he can win without us discovering what kind of Skill he was using. And we accepted the challenge.”

	The Viper gaped at her. “I-is that so?”

	“Mr. Viper… It’s good that you’re dedicated to your training, but try to analyze the situation every now and then.” The Paladin looked down at the Viper with eyes filled with pity. “From the start, we had nothing to lose. Although a win would be a huge boon… it’s still good even if we lose. The rookie Hunter said that he’ll join all of our guilds. That’s a good outcome in its own way.”

	“B-but what about our pride!? He’s a greenhorn, so how can we treat him—”

	“Does your pride feed you?”

	The Viper couldn’t refute that.

	“It feeds you an espresso. Drink up, Mr. Viper!” The Inquisitor put the espresso cup into the Viper’s hand.

	“Damn it…”

	The last two survivors were the Black Witch, the Rank 2 Hunter, and me.

	“This is good,” the Witch remarked as she examined her cards.

	“What do you mean?”

	“I finally have a chance to talk with you.” The Black Witch raised the stakes. She was probably trying to provoke me. “I’m from Ukraine, or somewhere that used to be Ukraine, to be more accurate. After losing my family in a civil war, I’ve been living abroad all my life. As you may already know, there’s nowhere good for a woman to live alone.”

	“You’re right.” I boldly raised the stakes higher.

	The Black Witch hesitated for a moment but tapped the table a couple of times, signaling that she would accept my challenge.

	The Countess, who had been acting as the dealer after she was eliminated from the game, revealed the cards.

	“What are you trying to say, though?” I stroked my chin, pretending to ponder. “It’s difficult to find people in the Tower who don’t have a sad story, especially those who entered earliest. I’m an orphan myself.”

	My hand had a single pair.

	“…This place is like home to me,” the Black Witch answered.

	Her hand was a flush.

	“I’m from Ukraine. The OJP Sect leader is from China, and you’re from Korea… But none of that matters in the Tower and people don’t ask. We made it that way.”

	“Is that so?”

	“Yes. Thanks to the Tower’s blessing, we can understand what everyone else is saying. We’re equal contenders here. It’s more fair than it is in the outside world, at least.”

	It looked like I was going to lose if I tackled her head-on, but I calmly raised the stakes.

	“The outside world people seem to treat this place like a garbage can.”

	“A rose can sprout even in a garbage can.” The Black Witch gestured to call the round without a second thought. “Mr. Kim. Once the countdown in the sky hits zero, all the media will be publishing a ton of articles about you. Your life will be completely different than what it has been until now. I hope you can deal with the change wisely.”

	“That’s good,” I answered.

	The Countess flipped another card onto the table.

	“It’s not something to be proud of, but I like attention. That’s pretty much all there is to me. I want people’s praise, their respect, and their envy. I mean it.”

	My hand was two pair now.

	“…You’re honest. You seem to be completely different from the Sword Star,” the Black Witch commented.

	Her cards were still a flush, meaning that I was at a tremendous disadvantage.

	“All in.”

	The Black Witch stared at me.

	“I’m confident.” I looked up from the cards and met the Black Witch’s eyes. “Let me use this chance to make one thing clear: I’m not hoping to receive the same treatment as you guys just because I cleared the tenth floor. The twentieth, thirtieth, fortieth, fiftieth, and hundredth floor—I’m going to clear them all and conquer the Tower, no matter how long it takes.

	“I can tell that you guys treasure the Tower. I respect that and I don’t want to fight you guys, but I’ll still consider you my competitors.”

	I was going to build a legend that would capture everyone’s mind; always the one who climbed up to the highest floor in the Tower, the greatest hero out there. People would remember me, praise me, envy me, and feel jealous of me.

	“I want to see the world beyond the Tower, not inside it.”

	That was why I was going to climb the Tower.

	“To be honest, I don’t really have time to attend to these refugees and food shortage issues. But if you need my reputation to solve the matter, use it. Do it as many times as you want, but help me climb up the Tower.”

	I wanted to feel the sensation of reaching the zenith. I only got to taste it once after I had cleared the tenth floor, but… I already felt addicted. It was just that incredible!

	“…Phew.” The Black Witch broke her silence with a sigh. “I was wrong. You’re exactly the same as the Sword Star.”

	She used both hands to push her stacks of chips into the pot, which collapsed into a pile stretching into the center of the table. She was all in.

	“Is it a compliment?” I asked.

	“No, I’m insulting you. You two are both incredibly greedy.”

	The last cards were flipped. Her hand was still a flush, while my cards were a full house.

	“That is a compliment.” I grinned. “Thank you.”

	I was victorious.

	“Then as we agreed, I’ll expect treatment equal to all of you.”

	“Can I expect you to fulfill your duties since you’re also enjoying the rights?”

	“Pardon? Oh, isn’t it a Hunter’s duty to climb the Tower? Don’t worry. I’ll continue to do my best.”

	The Black Witch smiled bitterly. “You have awfully thick skin for a rookie Hunter…”

	—Yeah, thick skin indeed, Zombie. If having thick skin was a Skill, yours would have been a Class S Skill.

	…You’re seriously calling me Zombie right after the game is finished?

	—Of course, you zombie! Mr. Gong-Ja, my ass! Zombie! Zombie! Zombieshit! I never knew how tragic it was to call you by your proper name, Zombie! I’ll never make a bet with you again, weasel! The Guardian flew around ecstatically.

	You’re so ugly…

	I silently clicked my tongue at the Guardian. How could an emperor of swords be that ugly?

	“Are you going already?” The Black Witch asked as I stood up from my seat.

	“Yes, I am. The eleventh floor opens soon, so I need to get ready. I don’t want to fall behind.”

	“We don’t know what kind of place the eleventh floor is. How are you going to prepare for it?”

	Hmm. It wouldn’t be a bad idea to give them a hint.

	Since I was now of equal standing with them, I decided that it would be useful to make them indebted to me.

	“It’s role-playing,” I said.

	“Huh?”

	“The theme from the eleventh to the twentieth floor is role-playing,” I repeated.

	The Black Witch and all of the other Hunters gave me an intense look. It was only natural—the slightest hint could give a Hunter an advantage, so the information I gave them was invaluable.

	“The hint was my reward for clearing the tenth floor.”

	That was a lie. I hadn’t received it since it was going to be given after the countdown in the sky hit zero. However, I had the knowledge of the future, so I knew what was going to happen and had no reason to not use the knowledge.

	“This is all I know.”

	“…Okay. Thank you for sharing your information.” The Black Witch nodded. “I’ll make sure to pay you back for this later.”

	Her remark made me look forward to the future.

	* * *

	After a good sleep in my hotel room, I headed outside. The plaza was in a festival mood. Hunters celebrated the fact that the tenth floor had been cleared after years. Some bars gave out free beers and those who were confident flaunted their singing skills in the plaza.

	However, the one unanswered question continued to bother people.

	“But who really cleared the tenth floor?”

	“There still hasn’t been an official announcement yet…”

	“Some people saw the guild leaders gathering in one place.”

	“Have you seen the Sword Star’s video? His frown was really scary. ’It’s not me.’”

	“Then who in the world is it?”

	As I listened to the conversations of the people next to me, I had to hold myself back from laughing.

	I’m right next to you.

	[00:02:09]

	I was among the crowd, right in the center of the festival. Nearly a day had passed since the tenth floor had been cleared. Meanwhile, the countdown in the sky continued to tick down, slowly but surely.

	Some Hunters raised their free beer while others looked at the sky and talked about the mysterious champion. They were like people counting down to the new year outside the tower.

	[00:00:10]

	“Ten!”

	No one asked them to, but when the countdown in the sky reached ten seconds, the Hunters began counting out loud.

	[00:00:09]

	“Nine!”

	[00:00:08]

	“Eight!”

	Seven, six, five… The Hunters’ synchronized shouts shook the plaza slightly. It wasn’t a new year, but everyone’s eyes were filled with anticipation for a new era.

	[00:00:04]

	“Four!”

	I pulled out my smartphone and checked the news. It looked like the news embargo about me was still intact, because there weren’t any articles about me.

	[00:00:03]

	“Three!”

	Just three seconds before the countdown hit zero, Babylon’s general news website released a flood of articles. Maybe they were hoping to publish an exclusive even one second before the other newspapers.

	[00:00:02]

	“Two!”

	I checked the news.

	—Breaking News: The person who cleared the tenth floor is an unknown rookie Class E Hunter!

	—Breaking News: The real name of the man who cleared the tenth floor is Kim Gong-Ja. He comes from Korea…

	—Breaking News: The Hunter who cleared the tenth floor joined all of the Five Guilds at once.

	—Breaking News: The Black Dragon Guild officially announces their welcome for the new hero…

	[00:00:01]

	“One!”

	I met the new era with a smile.

Chapter 22

Welcome, Heroes! (1)

	[00:00:00]

	“Zero!”

	The Hunters broke out into cheers as the countdown hit zero. In the plaza, thousands of them threw their hats in the air. It looked like a cloud of dandelion seeds taking flight in spring.

	[Announcement.]

	[The tutorial has been completed today.]

	[Announcement.]

	[The tutorial has been completed today.]

	Before the hats landed on the ground, the voice in the sky declared the end of the prologue and the beginning of the main story.

	The Hunters clamored excitedly. I couldn’t remember the last time I had seen this many Hunters so enthusiastic. Many of those in the plaza were old or middle-aged Hunters who had retired and set up shops; some of them lingered around the second-floor hunting grounds and had given up on climbing the Tower any further. But at this moment, at least, all of them were Hunters.

	“Eleventh floor! Eleventh floor! Eleventh floor!”

	“Open up the eleventh floor!”

	“Hey, the news is up… Ummm…”

	In response to their fervor, the light that had formed the countdown burst. It was so bright that the Hunters were forced to shut their eyes. They could barely look up at the sky between their fingers. I was no better off.

	[Greetings to the warriors who climb the Tower.]

	[Congratulations for crossing the Infernal Mansion’s river of grudges.]

	A huge person was floating in the sky. An angel or a goddess seemed to be the apt description for her. Her white dress, radiant with holy light, fluttered. It was a divine sight that deserved to be prominently depicted on the wall of a temple.

	“Whoa…”

	“She’s pretty.”

	Hunters all over the plaza ooh-ed and ahh-ed. Most of them were mesmerized by the beautiful goddess in the sky. The Guardian maintained his rationality, though.

	—Get a hold of yourself, Zombie. That isn’t a goddess. That’s just part of the system to explain the quest to you guys.

	He was the Sword Emperor who had cleared up to the ninety-ninth floor of the Tower in his world. Hence, he wasn’t deceived by the holy sight in front of him.

	“…Is she some sort of an NPC?” I asked.

	—Yup. Even if there was a goddess, that’s just a pre-recorded video of her that plays after anyone clears the tenth floor. Tsk, tsk. People are pathetic.

	It made me wonder.

	“How are you so sure?”

	—Huh? That’s because—

	[Warriors! There is a world under attack by the nefarious Demon King and which desperately needs your help. You will be summoned to the world as heroes on a quest to save humanity. Should you wish to accept this mission, say “Send—]

	Before the video finished speaking, someone leaped into the air.

	An agile Hunter jumped onto the roof of a building and used it as a stepping stone to reach higher buildings. After a three-, five-, and seven-story building, he finally reached the roof of the plaza’s bell tower, and then he used it to go even higher.

	He was Marcus Carlenbery, the Sword Star.

	The Rank 1 Hunter’s sword split the sky and the goddess in half. It was quick and beautiful, but it all happened so fast that no one could do anything but gape.

	“Huh? Huh…?”

	The strike only left its mark for a moment. Like a cut in the ocean, the video of the goddess was restored in no time and the goddess in the video went on with her beauty untouched.

	[Should you wish to accept this mission, say “Send me,” and you will take the great step to the eleventh floor, warriors.]

	The video of the goddess still glowed, yet it wasn’t holy anymore. A god cut in two was no longer a god.

	“Hmm.” The Sword Star landed back on the bell tower’s roof. He was wearing a black suit, just like the day I had first seen him in the bar. This time, though, his expression was sour. He watched the sky for a moment before he looked down at the now-silent plaza.

	—Well, that’s what I did in the past. See? It’s an NPC, the Guardian commented.

	I was dumbstruck.

	…Do you always have to check it yourself?

	—Yeah. I can’t understand those who don’t have to do that. When something big shows up in front of you, don’t you want to cut it down? Isn’t that what every human wants?

	Phew.

	They were wackos indeed. That was probably why they were student and teacher.

	I enhanced my vision and hearing with aura to watch the Sword Star, taking caution to avoid meeting his eyes.

	“Send me,” he murmured.

	The same kind of light that the video of the goddess emitted enveloped the Sword Star. After a moment, he vanished. The only thing left on the Italian-style rooftop was white streaks of bird poop.

	“Hahahaha!”

	A burst of laughter in the silent plaza caught the Hunters’ attention. They turned and saw that it belonged to the Inquisitor, the Pantheon’s leader.

	“He got the drop on us again! Ah, what a marvelous day!” The Inquisitor beamed. He took off his priest hat to bow to those who were looking at him. “Then let’s all meet on the eleventh floor! Please send me!”

	The white light shrouded the Inquisitor and he shortly vanished as well. The Hunters vacantly watched him disappear. Belatedly, they realized that the Sword Star and Inquisitor were ahead of them on the eleventh floor. That set off a chain reaction of hasty shouts.

	“Uhh…

	“S-send me!”

	“Send me!”

	“Send me!”

	Whenever one of them said the words, a pillar of light arose from the ground. Soon there were tens of thousands of them, drowning the plaza in light and brightening the sky.

	[Warriors.]

	The quiet voice from the video continued its message.

	[While climbing up the Tower, your faith will be tested from the eleventh to the twentieth floor.]

	The “goddess” clasped her hands against her chest as if she were praying to someone.

	[…You will find your answers. The answers you find will tell you who you are. That is how you will learn about yourselves…]

	Not many people were paying attention to the message anymore. Most of them were desperate to not fall behind; the few people left in the plaza were busy filming the goddess.

	“It’s a shame,” someone mumbled. It was the Paladin, the Watchmen League’s assistant leader.

	“What do you mean?”

	“Think about it. Although we don’t know who built the Tower, they must have put in a tremendous amount of work for us, including this message. But no one cares.” The Paladin sounded bitter. “It was supposed to be something people admired for a little longer. Actually, the Tower’s existence and the fact that we have our Skills are miracles in their own right… but we’ve already got too used to them on the tenth floor.”

	“I didn’t expect you to be sentimental.”

	“I majored in music in the outside world.” The Paladin smiled wryly. “Does it make me seem more attractive?”

	“Oh… It sounds like you’d have a hard time making a living.”

	“Oof. Right where it hurts.”

	We quietly laughed. Naturally, the Guardian interrupted the moment.

	—Be careful, Zombie. She’s suspicious.

	What now?

	—There’s no way she would talk to an ugly man like you unless she had something to gain. You don’t have the looks or the personality. They’re both shit. Yes, I know what she is now! She’s a wicked con woman! I’m sure of it!

	This dude was seriously… No, I shouldn’t waste my energy.

	“Excuse me, ma’am!”

	Just then, people with cameras on their backs approached us. They didn’t seem to be reporters—more like online streamers.

	“I-is the man next to you Mister Kim Gong-Ja, the Hunter…?”

	“Oops.” The Paladin looked slightly annoyed. “I seem to have attracted too much attention. I’m sorry, Mr. Kim. I’ll head to the eleventh floor first.”

	“…Wait a minute.” I had a sneaking suspicion that she was up to something. “Is this why you came to talk to me?”

	The Paladin looked guilty. “Haha. I have a way to tell if someone is being sincere.”

	Sincere? Did she mean that she was confident she could figure out what kind of person I was?

	The Paladin scratched the back of her head like a mischievous child caught after pulling a prank. “I wanted to know what kind of a person you were, so I came to talk to you. I would appreciate it if you considered it a way of showing my interest.”

	“So what kind of person do you think I am?”

	“Hmm. Well, let’s say the answer is in your heart. Send me!”

	The Paladin left, throwing me to a horde of reporters and streamers. Wow, she wasn’t even subtle about the fact that she was running away.

	—See? I’m right. I’m always right!

	Shit. Be quiet, I snapped at the Guardian.

	After the Paladin disappeared, more streamers and reporters swarmed me.

	“Hunter Kim Gong-Ja! Please give us a comment!”

	“Is it true that you cleared the tenth floor’s boss monster stage on your own? Many rumors say that your simultaneous enrollment to all the major guilds is just part of their plan!”

	“The official announcement declared that you’re Hunter Class E. Many people question the accuracy. Can you confirm if the official announcement is co—”

	“What is your relationship to the Paladin of the Watchmen League? You two looked very close. Are you two well-acquainted personally?”

	“Hunter Kim!”

	Whoa. So this is the famous Hunter’s “Let me shake your hand!”, huh? It’s the sign of a celebrity Hunter, but there’s just no end to it…

	I now understood why the Fire Emperor had been so annoyed by reporters. For a moment, I wondered how I should answer. I decided to keep it short.

	“I’m also going to clear the twentieth floor.”

	“What?”

	“Have a great day, everyone. Send me.”

	White light emerged from below me.

	“Ah. W-wait! Mr. Kim Gong-Ja!”

	“No! Get him!”

	“Please answer a few more questions—!”

	I’m sorry. I think staying mysterious is the best choice for me.

	Right before the light fully enveloped me, I listened to the apparent goddess’ voice for the last time.

	[Those of you who climb the Tower, may luck be with you.]

	* * *

	The light around me slowly died out, revealing… a vast battlefield.

	Grrrrrr!

	Roarrrrr!

	Goblins, orcs, ogres… Hideous monsters were swarming from beyond the horizon. I had seen them in the hunting grounds below the tenth floor, but there were too many of them now. They blanketed the battlefield like a swarm of ants.

	“Stop them!”

	“I-it’s impossible! There’s too many of them!”

	“Don’t back down! The empire is doomed if we lose this harbor!”

	Only a handful of people were opposing the army of monsters. Judging from their armor, their civilization seemed to be somewhere between the ancient and medieval eras.

	These human soldiers were desperately holding positions in the harbor. They had positioned themselves with their backs to a deep river, deliberately leaving them no room to retreat.

	“What?”

	“What in the world is going on…?”

	“Whoa! E-everyone, be careful! Arrows are coming from all directions!”

	The Hunters had been dumped onto the battlefield without warning, so it was understandable for them to be looking around blankly. Up until now, they had been hunting monsters in safely prepared hunting grounds. They had never experienced an actual battlefield, but this was going to be their daily life now that they were above the tenth floor.

	The tutorial is over, I thought.

	Every floor was a battlefield in which they had to risk their lives every day.

	Someone approached the bewildered Hunters. He didn’t seem to be an ordinary soldier given his splendid armor.

	“My, my! You’re here to save the empire! Thank you, heroes!” the man—the general—exclaimed.

	“Heroes?” the Hunter mumbled. “What is he talking about?”

	“Idiot, didn’t you hear what the angel said in the plaza earlier? They’re under attack from the Demon King. That’s why we’re playing heroes here.”

	“Please be quiet! The people in the back can’t hear him!”

	“Whoa, is this for real? Are those soldiers real humans or NPCs…”

	“Would you please be quiet over there!”

	More Hunters continued to arrive as they spoke. They pushed each other away to make some space, but more people showed up in the newly created space. It was chaos.

	“Heroes! Please help me and the army and save the empire!”

	Fortunately, I and some of the skilled Hunters knew how to enhance our vision and hearing using aura. While the less skilled Hunters were blanking out, we few listened to the NPC general.

	“This harbor is the empire’s last lifeline. It must be protected so that the capital can continue to receive supplies. Heroes from another world, please protect the Aegim Empire with us!”

	Just then, I heard a voice in my head.

	[The quest of the eleventh floor has been given.]

	The system window opened in front of me.

	Defend the Supply Line

	Difficulty level: F~A

	Goal: A disaster has befallen the Aegim Empire. Its name is the Demon King. This legendary figure has finally raised an army. The wicked and strong Demon King wishes to cut the empire’s first supply lines.

	Protect the harbor! This battle will be the first stepping stone in the Aegim Empire’s salvation.

	※However, the twelfth floor will not be opened if you lose the battle.

	It was said that seeing is believing.

	“Quest…?”

	“See? The Demon King is here.”

	“I’ve never heard of the Aegim Empire.”

	The confused mass of Hunters slowly grasped the situation. They stopped talking and pulled out their weapons. Teams were formed from the Hunters who were already working together, and some of the Hunters started swinging their swords at the goblins right away.

	“I see,” the Sword Star muttered to himself as he drew his sword. He was standing in the front lines. Everyone around him was covered in blood and monsters after he had cut off the heads of around six monsters like straw puppets.

	“…Although I don’t understand what exactly is going on, I guess the point is to take them down.”

	The Sword Star rejoined the battle, which was enough to bring the rest of the Hunters back to their senses and kick them into action.

	“Whoaaaaa!”

	“Yes! Follow the Sword Star!”

	“You fucking goblins! I’ve chopped up thousands of you over the last six years!”

	Thousands of Hunters raised their weapons and charged into battle, followed by thousands more. The humans’ hopeless defense turned with a surge of new bodies.

	While the battle was turning into a messy melee, I remained in the rear with a smile dancing on my lips.

	“Alright.”

	I heard a voice that other Hunters didn’t get to hear.

	[Welcome, Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.]

	[Your rewards for clearing the tenth floor will be given now.]

	My special reward had arrived.

Chapter 23

Welcome, Heroes! (2)

	[You have received the God of War’s blessing for clearing the normal stage.]

	[You now have the map of the Tower from the eleventh to the twentieth floors.]

	A translucent map appeared in front of me with red and blue dots scattered chaotically across it. It was like a mini-map from a game. Judging from the positions, the red dots indicated monsters, and the blue dots meant humans.

	—Tsk, tsk… The Guardian’s face scrunched up. Yeah, I knew you would receive an unfair reward! While we peasants are walking on the ground, you fly above everyone. Phew, fine. Ditch the training, and throw away the chance to build a strong foundation. Weasel out from everything in your life. Seriously, this Tower is really unfair. People just don’t realize it. The rich just get richer—

	The Guardian’s geezer grumbling cut short.

	[You have received the God of Mortals’s blessing for clearing the hidden stage!

	[You can now see the names, abilities, and locations of all NPCs from the eleventh to the twentieth floors.]

	—… Huh?

	I wasn’t done receiving my rewards.

	[You have received the God of Trade’s blessing for clearing the hidden stage!]

	[You can claim one of the items on the eleventh to twentieth floors.]

	Two lists blinked into existence beside the mini-map. One listed the NPCs’ names and abilities, and the other had the items and their effects.

	“Kill them! Stay calm, and keep them at a distance!”

	“Arghhhh! The g-goblins are throwing spears!”

	The Hunters were diligently engaged in the battle on the front line. The orcs howled, and the human soldiers bled. Amid the chaos and clamor battlefield, the Guardian and I were the only ones who were silent. We were at a loss for words.

	“Ah,” I finally whispered. “This system is as good as a Game of the Year…”

	—What the fuck is this? A second-rate gacha has less RNG than this!

	* * *

	Each floor of the Tower had a theme. Perhaps a more apt word was genre. From the first to the tenth floors, it had been a tutorial so rookie Hunters could get used to the Tower. Hunters had relatively safe hunting grounds and a city where they could rest without the slightest worry.

	In contrast, the genre from the eleventh to the twentieth floor was…

	…the Demon King’s invasion.

	It could also be considered the Demon King versus the heroes. Since the Hunters were protecting a human empire, it was close to a defense game.

	Hunters are supposed to fight off the Demon King’s giant swarming army.

	Anyhow, the important part was that Hunters were going to engage in a totally different type of battle. Monsters in the tutorial hunting grounds used to roam around alone. However, starting from this floor, they moved in groups which soon evolved into an army.

	There were only two ways to defeat the monster army the Hunters and I were confronted with.

	Become a one-man army…

	I eyed the Sword Star, who was massacring monsters with blue slashes of aura.

	…or make an army of my own. I grinned. I’m going to choose the latter.

	Since I had awesome gifts, it would be a waste not to use them. I didn’t have the necessary skills to lead an army—which was only natural since I had never done it—however, one could always make new Skills, and I had the means to create any Skills I needed.

	“Show me my status window.”

	Before I jumped into the battle, I first checked my status.

	Name: Kim Gong-Ja

	Class: E

	Skills (5/5):

	1. I Want To Be Like You(S+)

	2. Returner’s Clockwork(EX)

	3. Sword Constellation(A+)

	4. High Society of Goblins(F)

	5. Always Be Careful Of Fire (A)

	※The God of War’s blessing is in effect.

	※The God of Mortals’ blessing is in effect.

	※The God of Trade’s blessing is in effect.

	Good.

	“Hey, Mr. Sword Emperor,” I said, smiling. “Did you say a second-rate gacha has less RNG than the Tower does?”

	—Yeah, that’s exactly what I said, you rotten Zombie!

	“Let me show you why I think the Tower made a system that’s as thoughtful as a Game of the Year.” I first pulled up the NPC list that the God of Mortals’s blessing had presented me.

	Enju

	Social Status: Conscript

	Location: Harbor City Kungur of the eleventh floor

	Caria

	Social Status: Private

	Location: Harbor City Kungur of the eleventh floor

	Sorte

	Social Status: Serf

	Location: Panbasa Barony of the thirteenth floor.

	Lapa Casabella

	Social Status: Sergeant

	Location: Orome Barrier Valley of the fourteenth floor

	Dopep

	Social status: Blacksmith

	Location: Imperial Capital Arkmnia of the twelfth floor.

	…

	The list seemed to contain hundreds of thousands of people. It was all a jumbled mess.

	“Only show me NPCs on the eleventh floor.”

	It looked like the list understood my request. It moved on its own and deleted many of the names, leaving only the NPCs on the eleventh floor, as I had asked.

	Enju

	Social Status: Conscript

	Location: Harbor City Kungur of the eleventh floor

	Caria

	Social Status: Private

	Location: Harbor City Kungur of the eleventh floor

	Corte

	Social Status: Sergeant

	Location: Harbor City Kungur of the eleventh floor

	Amargam

	Social Status: Conscript

	Location: Harbor City Kungur of the eleventh floor

	…

	I wasn’t done.

	“List the one hundred people with the highest Skills.”

	The Guardian inhaled sharply. He realized what I was trying to do. Immediately, his grumblings were replaced by a genuinely urgent attempt to dissuade me.

	—Hold on, Zombie! This isn’t right. Let’s fight after you build your strength step by step. Please? Train step by step, build a solid foundation, and learn more about swordplay! That’s best for you!

	“I can do it later!”

	—Eeeekk! I know you’re a weasel, but this is too much cheating! Don’t you feel ashamed to your namesake?

	“Well, no, I’m fine.”

	No matter what the Guardian said, the list continued to move in response to my request. The letters dispersed and reassembled. When it was complete, I had a new list.

	Rohan Panbasa

	Social status: Panbasa Knights Commander

	Sarbas Aegim

	Social status: Kungur Regional Brigadier General.

	Joshua Camancha

	Social status: Senior Imperial Knight

	Tomund

	Social status: Leading Shield Unit Private

	…

	This was it. I was almost there. While the Guardian was raging, I yelled, “Show me the top three NPCs with military command Skills!”

	—Arghhh! Ahhhhhh!

	Yes, I didn’t know how to lead an army, but that wasn’t a problem at all. I could take it from other NPCs!

	Sarbas Aegim

	Social status: Kungur Regional Brigadier General

	Rohan Panbasa

	Social status: Panbasa Knight Commander

	Sein Camen

	Social status: Shield Unit Colonel

	The list of hundreds of thousands of people had now been shortened to three people. I gave one more order:

	“Show me these three people’s locations on the map.”

	—You fraud!

	The list from the God of Mortals’s blessing turned into three green dots of light on the God of War’s mini-map. It was perfect. I now had the locations of the NPCs with command Skills. It just needed one final touch.

	“Okay. Show me my current location!”

	I turned to the Guardian. “See? The system is a perfect GOTY. It only requires basic application skills to upgrade rewards from moderately nice to super good. All of this is possible because I’ve been diligently using my brain to solve the problems I face.”

	—No, you didn’t! You just weaseled out of problems!

	“Hehe. Weaseling requires a brain too.”

	I was ready and had no reason to wait around any longer. I located the nearest NPC, who was the general that had welcomed the Hunters in the beginning. He happened to have the best command Skill overall and was conveniently nearby, so I immediately went running to him.

	“General Sarbas Aegim.”

	“Hmm? Oh, you’re the hero from another world. Is something wrong?’ The general, who had been giving orders to his subordinates, turned to face me.

	He had a nice mustache. His Skill would be nice too.

	—Run! Run away, you idiot NPC! He’s not a hero. He’ll use you to the soul if he has to, like those guys in Yongsan![1] the Guardian screamed.

	The guys in Yongsan? The ghost seemed to have become Korean after living with me for the last few days.

	“I’m glad to hear that you trust me, General. But I’ll have to use that faith to ask you for a favor.”

	“Go on! My people and I never thought we were going to win, but thanks to your arrival, we now see a hope for winning this war. I’ll do anything in my power to help you.”

	“Please kill me.”

	The general’s eyes widened. “What do you mean?”

	“…I actually have a secret weapon. It’s a sort of self-offering. If I die, everyone on the battlefield will receive a divine blessing. Once the blessing is active, the empire will win without a doubt.” I tried to look and sound as resolute as possible. It was actually easier than I thought—all I had to do was remember the moment the Fire Emperor had burned me to death.

	—Argh! He’s lying! This Zombie doesn’t have a sacrifice Skill like that!

	Hmm? I think a loser ghost who died right before reaching the Tower’s hundredth floor should be quiet here.

	“W-why would a blessing work like that…? No, wait—I still can’t take the life of a hero!”

	“General Sarbas Aegim, let’s think this through: I’m going to kill myself, regardless of whether or not you help me.” I looked unwaveringly into his eyes. “This is the most sure way to help the empire. But I’m asking you to do this as a personal favor.”

	“A personal favor…?”

	“You’re the commander who is tasked to protect this harbor, and you want the empire’s victory more than anyone else. That is the kind of person whose hands I want to put my life in, rather than killing myself or being murdered by evil monsters.”

	The general’s expression turned grim.

	“We have no time! Hurry!”

	“Even if it’s for the empire’s survival, I can’t believe I have to take the life of a person who came all the way from a different world to help us…”

	—Hey. Hey! Do you seriously believe him? What the heck? You buy this? Out of everyone in the universe, you choose to trust Kim Zombie? Seriously?

	“Ahh. My world must be cursed. The Demon King was supposed to be a legend, but he has emerged into the real world. Endless swarms of monsters plague the empire, and now I have to take the life of a hero. It’s all because of the curse…”

	—Curse, my ass! Your peanut brain is the curse!

	“My goddess. Please do not forgive me…” The general let out a lamentful sigh plucked straight from a tragedy and wrapped his hand around the hilt of his sword.

	The fine blade was unsheathed.

	“…I will finish it in one strike so it’ll be painless.”

	“Thank you.”

	I meant what I said. I didn’t care about dying, but I hated pain.

	“Please tell me your name,” the general politely requested.

	“It’s Kim Gong-Ja.”

	“Kim Gong-Ja… On behalf of the Aegim Empire, I offer you my sincerest gratitude. You are a true hero!”

	Just like the general promised, his aura-infused sword delivered a clean execution.

	[You have died.]

	[Duplicating NPC Sarbas Aegim’s Skills at random.]

	As expected, it was possible to copy an NPC’s Skills.

	When I couldn’t feel anything anymore, I heard the Guardian screaming.

	—Stop dying, you little shit! Are you happy that all your Skills are freebies!?

	Even Confucius wouldn’t say no to this! I replied.

	It was time to repeat an exciting day.

* * *

	1. The raw is 이놈은 용사(hero/pronounced as Yongsa)가 아니라 용팔이(pronounced as Yongpari)야! It’s a Korean wordplay using the similarity of the two words’ pronunciation. 용팔이 is a derogatory word for peddlers in Yongsan Electronics Market. They used to be notorious for forcing/deceiving their customers. Their marketing strategy eventually led to their downfall. ☜

Chapter 24

Welcome, Heroes! (3)

	The saying went that there was always a bigger fish. There was also a saying that said that some Hunters wielded their swords, while other Hunters led soldiers. The second one was said by me, Mr. Gong-Ja.

	“Hey, what is that!”

	“Huh? He looks like a Hunter…”

	Hunters, who had been diligently slaying monsters, turned and stared. Looking away while standing among howling monsters was a dangerous move, but the Hunters could afford it because of the momentary respite I had created for them.

	“Hero!” the general shouted, turning slightly to look back at me. “Are you sure this is the right direction?”

	When the general shook, I also shook because we were riding on the same horse. While the general took the reins, I sat in the back. It wasn’t a comfortable ride, but it was an awesome ride—because a thousand soldiers were following the general and I.

	“Yes, I’m sure. Head straight until I tell you to turn right. Once you do that, you’ll see the Demon King’s legion-master. There are quite a lot of monsters around us, but it’ll be fine. We can wipe them out first.”

	“Ohhh! Understood! All of you, follow me!” The general held up his command baton. “The hero sent by the goddess protects us!”

	The soldiers let out a mighty roar and charged out of their defensive positions. They now marched to break through the monster army. Goblins and orcs stood in their way, but the monsters’ efforts were futile.

	“Hehe.” I snickered. Thanks to my mini-map, I could advise the general to aim for the region with the least number of monsters.

	“Ah. Turn right here, please.”

	“Yes, hero of the goddess!”

	It took more than my mini-map to earn the general’s trust, though. The main reason why this was possible was that I repeated today and had made preparations. When I had gotten the general’s Skill, I had also happened to witness his trauma. Well, that was a story for another time. Now was the time to focus on the ongoing battle.

	Show me my status window.

	Name: Kim Gong-Ja

	Class: E

	Skills (5/5):

	1. I Want To Be Like You (S+)

	2. Returner’s Clockwork (EX)

	3. Sword Constellation (A+)

	4. High Society of Goblins (F)

	5. Battlefield Eyes (B)

	The new Skill I got is war-related.

	Battlefield Eyes was a very self-explanatory Skill. Using this ability, I could instinctively understand the battlefield. It allowed me to tell where the enemy was vulnerable to being breached. It also told me if my allies could be advantageous for the battle.

	But the Skill wasn’t all I used to make this work. I held up a sword with a grin. It wasn’t an ordinary sword or the dagger I used to kill myself; it glowed with holy light and its pommel was sculpted into the shape of a roaring lion. When the sword unleashed a pillar of silver light, the soldiers across the battlefield were stunned.

	“The goddess has blessed us!”

	“That’s the first emperor’s holy sword. Ah, the goddess hasn’t abandoned our empire!”

	“Glory to the Aegim Empire”

	Yes, this sword, which I had chosen with the blessing of the God of Trade, was the last piece of the puzzle that I needed to lead the army.

	Lefanta Aegim’s Holy Protector Sword

	Rarity: Legendary

	Description: The saying, “The one who possesses the holy sword shall have the continent,” comes from the legend of the Aegim Empire’s founding emperor. In the legend, the goddess bestowed the holy sword to him.

	However, the sword also comes with the saying “The one who has the continent will be bound by fate.”

	The founding ancestor left after choosing his successor. It is unclear if he killed himself or was murdered. The legend and history are yet to determine his true fate, and his and his holy sword’s whereabouts still remain unknown.

	Only a single line of prophecy has been left to guide everyone: “The wielder of the holy sword shall arrive on the day of destiny.”

	Whoever possesses the holy protector sword gains absolute trust and support from the people of the Aegim Empire.

	The legendary item was super effective.

	“Hurray for the empire! Hurray for the hero!”

	“My goddess, please protect us!”

	“Attack them! Sweep away those filthy monsters!”

	The soldiers charged with redoubled courage. From their perspective, I, with my Skill, was a true hero from their legends. Though the general NPC was their actual leader and I was just an advisor… I felt like I was their commander. It was an exhilarating feeling.

	Ah, this is great. Just fantastic. The sight alone is enough reward for clearing the hidden stage.

	The Guardian went on a rampage.

	—That’s the shittiest item ever! It’s just a sturdy, flashy sword. That’s it!

	Tsk, tsk. Did you lose your sentimentalism when you became a ghost? It’s a sturdy, flashy sword that makes the NPCs on the eleventh to twentieth floors love me. Don’t you get it? NPCs aren’t just tools to give us quests! They should be used to clear them!

	It was just a matter of thinking outside the box, but it actually worked. While the other Hunters were shedding blood sweat and tears as they fought, I rode freely across the battlefield with the general. Whenever I brushed past the Hunters, they were left perplexed and slack-jawed.

	“Is that…?”

	“Why does he get to be the only one who goes around with the general?”

	“Isn’t he an NPC?”

	“Hold on a second. I think he’s giving the general an order…”

	“Look at his clothes! He’s a Hunter!”

	“Who is he…?”

	Surprise, doubt, envy, jealousy… Those were the most common reactions when someone was forced to look up at someone else.

	Ah, this is it. Man, this is good.

	The thrill was intoxicating.

	—… You lunatic. I taught you how to use aura so that you would hone your sword skills, not enhance your hearing and eavesdrop. You’re something else, Zombie. You’re a true zombie…

	I’m just honest. I like the feeling!

	The human army’s charge was succeeding. Many of the monsters were brought down one after another despite their attempts to stop the humans.

	However, on the left were skilled Hunters, led by the Sword Star, massacring orcs.

	“Hahaha! What an incredible day! A new type of battle! A new era! How—”

	“Shut up! If you have time to talk, use it to kill more goblins!”

	On the right were the Inquisitor, the Viper, and the others from major guilds. The wings of the monsters’ formation broke down. The monsters couldn’t afford to spare any more of them to stop us from breaking through. Inevitably, the goblins’ heads were crushed under the hooves of the cavalry and the soldiers thrust their spears through the orcs’ guts.

	“We can win!”

	“Follow the general! Follow the hero!”

	Break through. Break through! The humans finally managed to break through the enemy’s lines, bringing them onto the doorstep of the Demon King’s legion-master, who showed up as an unusually red dot in my mini-map. I looked over the general’s shoulder and spotted the Goblin King anxiously pacing back and forth in the distance.

	“Gorr. Gorrr.”

	Ha. I couldn’t help but sneer at what I saw. I didn’t expect the enemy commander of the eleventh floor to be a Goblin King.

	Since it was leading a legion of thousands of monsters, it would be stronger than the Goblin King I had killed on the fifth floor, of course. However, it was still a goblin. The Goblin King was still helpless if the cavalry charged it together.
