“The fairy tale.”

The Indoor Librarian closed his mouth.

Without heeding anything, I went on. “Out of the apocalyptic books given to us, there is only one fairy tale. I would like that one.”

“Hmm. What a strange coincidence.” The Indoor Librarian was now grinning, no longer acting like a Maltese puppy. “Okay. This is the apocalyptic book you spoke of.”

One of the books that had been hovering around the Indoor Librarian flew into his hand. When he opened the book, its information popped up.

Our Victim

Genre: Fairy tale

Difficulty level: A

Required challengers: More than 2 people

※Serialization is currently discontinued.

Description: In this world, humanity has successfully created a utopia, but maintaining it requires a special power source—the painful screams of innocent, sinless children.

Although it is unfortunate, one innocent child can guarantee seventeen million people’s perfect happiness, making it obvious that the child should endure such suffering. Thanks to highly developed torture techniques and life-sustaining care, it’s possible to delicately extract one child’s screams for five years. Efficiency, baby!

Reason for discontinuation of serialization: It has been 118.000 years since the foundation of their utopia. The utopia has run out of innocent children and has stopped functioning.

Yes, this was the apocalyptic book I was looking for. This book had been on my mind ever since I first saw it.

“Everyone, I would like to choose this apocalyptic book as the next stage,” I said.

The guild leaders turned around. “Huh?”

Among them, the Black Witch cocked her head in confusion. “A fairy tale? I’m sorry, Death King, but I remember that fairy tale in particular doesn’t have many resources or territories. On top of that, the difficulty level is also measured A. Do we really need to try clearing it?”

“Yes, we do.” I looked into the Black Witch’s eyes. “So far, we’ve been choosing an apocalyptic book based on how useful it would be to the Tower. The martial arts manuals stored in the Heavenly Demon Chronicle will strengthen the Tower’s combat prowess, and exchanges with the world of science fiction will greatly advance our technology.”

Twenty-First Floor: Great Library of All Life

Twenty-Second Floor: Heavenly Demon Chronicle (Genres: Murim, Fusion)

Twenty-Third Floor: The Space Iron Knight’s Epic (Genre: Sci-Fi)

Twenty-Fourth Floor: Diary from the Dawn Mountain Lodge (Genres: Mystery, History)

Twenty-Fifth Floor: Story of Sormwin Academy (Genre: Romance)

Twenty-Sixth Floor: Festival City Apocalypse (Genre: Sports)

Twenty-Seventh Floor: Epic in Bakery Street (Genres: Cooking, business fiction)

Those were the apocalyptic books we had cleared so far. I had stayed on the twenty-fifth floor for fifteen days after clearing the Story of Sormwin Academy. During that time, other Hunters cleared the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh floors. All of the Hunters with titles had been working together to clear the stages. Now, only the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and thirtieth floors remained.

However, I had a plan of my own for this upcoming expedition. If things went as I hoped, the twenty-eighth floor would practically become the last apocalyptic book we had to work on.

With that plan in mind, I said, “It’s not just resources or technology that are useful to us, Mr. Inquisitor. You said it yourself that the population of the Tower is increasing by nearly a hundred thousand people per day.”

“Mhm.”

“What we need now is someone to bring everyone together.”

The Inquisitor blinked. “I agree, but that is why we want to crown you, Mr. Death King. You will become that symbol for the Tower. We’ll create a position that suits you as soon as possible! It’s going to be a cool position like a guild union leader or a council president!”

I shook my head. Some people could have been tempted by such titles. After all, it sounded as if whoever had it sat on the throne of the Tower.

“A deception like that won’t work.”

“Oh, what do you mean by deception?”

“Everyone here needs to win the people’s support, not just me. I’m not the one who really rules the Tower right now. It’s all of you. Only when you all have the people’s support will the Tower come together as one.”

The room quieted down.

The Inquisitor smiled. “That makes sense. But you know what, Mr. Death King? We have committed a very grave sin in the name of putting an end to the chaos in the Tower. We did some incredible things, and we’re still doing them. Unfortunately, we have absolutely no moral justifications!”

“The Inquisitor is right,” the Black Witch murmured. “We’ve committed too many sins to become someone’s beacon of hope.”

I shook my head. “You can start doing good from now on. No, I strongly encourage you to do good.”

“…”

“We are one team. I can’t root out religious problems like Mr. Inquisitor can. I won’t be able to handle the problem of gangsters like Mr. Viper has been doing. I won’t do a better job than you guys when it comes to politics, economy, social order, or anything else. I’m not trying to be humble. It’s just the truth.”

But I was confident in my ability to unite these talented individuals.

“I’ll never betray you. You can trust me. If you guys get into a conflict, I’ll mediate it. I’ll make sure you all get to discuss matters If you need to. Please trust me. Let us join forces.”

The guild leaders remained quiet.

I held up Our Victim. “As you said, this apocalyptic book doesn’t have abundant resources or fertile land. But a sacrifice that shouldn’t be tolerated has been made. By clearing this world, we can show the world what kind of people we are.”

This expedition would be our opening move. It would show everyone how we were going to run the Tower. We wouldn’t turn a blind eye to sacrifice. Rather, we would face every problem head-on even if that meant tackling insurmountable difficulties along the way.

We were going to show the world who we truly were.

“Only then can we ask the Tower’s residents to trust us.”

“I see. This will make them trust the government, huh?”

“Yes.” I looked at the guild leaders one by one. “It just so happens that this apocalyptic book requires more than two challengers. Miss Black Dragon Master, Mr. Inquisitor, Miss Countess, Mr. Viper, Miss Paladin… Please fight with me.”

My colleagues—the most brilliant all-star members in the Tower—would be joining me in the next expedition to the apocalyptic book.

Chapter 121

The Hero (3)

After hearing my request, my fellow Hunters remained silent for a long time. Maybe they were looking back on their past, stained from their purges.

“You’re asking us to walk on a really difficult path,” the Black Witch said slowly. She almost sounded as if she was lamenting. “People can become competent leaders if they work hard. If they try really hard, they can make the best decisions for their people without abandoning their moral compass. However, it’s almost impossible to have someone who is both competent and moral in power. It’s just too difficult… Too difficult.”

“Someone told me that the road to hell is paved with goodwill.” I held out my right hand toward the guild leaders. “Then the road to heaven has to be covered in malice.”

Countless people would be jealous of us. Many would probably cause trouble just for fun. Those who were greedy for power would fight among themselves or even instigate residents in their favor. There were countless people who would do something like that.

Malice was poisonous because it was common.

“But that doesn’t mean we should give up. Let’s show a better world to the people who gave up on the outside world and ran away here.”

I didn’t want them to shake my hand; I wanted them to hold it just like a sports team huddle.

“…”

Although the Black Witch hesitated, the Inquisitor was the first to gently place his hand on mine. “Sure, why not? A government’s moral justification has a powerful appeal, and the Death King is the only one who can plate us with that golden morality of his. It would be a shame to miss this kind of opportunity!”

The Viper laid his hand on the pile. “Now that I’m the successor to the Righteous Faction, the old man always nags and asks me to remember its principles or something. Well, I might as well use this chance to do what he says, at least once. I’m in.”

“Hmm.” The Paladin also placed her hand above everyone else’s. “I’ve been using my Skill even before we began the conversation.”

She was talking about her Lie Detector.

“None of the people gathered here uttered a word with a foul intention. Above all, I know that your upright heart was your sole driving force in the Heavenly Demon Chronicle and the Story of Sormwin Academy, Death King.”

“…”

“I believe in your sincerity and your true love. Most of all, I believe in who you are. All revolutions fail. I’ll at least offer my life and soul so that our revolution will be remembered as the most beautiful failure.”

The Countess put her hand on the huddle. “I can’t keep up with you romanticists. I’ll just follow the trend and hope my investment won’t end up in the gutter. Please do your best, people.”

Finally, the Black Witch hesitantly placed her hand over. “I can’t promise much. I won’t be able to guarantee that I can make this work or stop using the means I usually resort to, but… fine.” Her black gaze briefly stayed on every one of us. “If we fail and one of us has to die… I’ll be the first to lay down my life. That much I can promise you.”

“Then I’ll make one more promise.” I smiled. “I won’t let any of you die. Not now, not ever.”

The Black Witch smiled bitterly, but she didn’t withdraw her hand. “That’s an outrageously empty promise…”

All six of us put our hands together.

“Well, good!” The Indoor Librarian smiled, spinning in the air. “Death King, Black Witch, Inquisitor, Countess, Viper, Paladin, I designate the six of you as the characters in Our Victim! When you open your eyes, you’ll find yourselves in a world where the apocalyptic book is in the process of serialization discontinuation. Please be careful. This will be very different from all the other apocalyptic books you’ve experienced so far!”

When the Indoor Librarian opened the book, light streamed out from it and landed on our hands, soon enveloping us.

“The difficulty level of this apocalyptic book is A! Unlike last time, I can’t bestow many blessings on you. The Constellation of this world is alive in this apocalyptic book, reigning it. You’ll become the invaders when you enter. The Constellation will naturally be hostile toward you.” The Indoor Librarian smiled softly. “Death King, the Constellation will view you as their mortal enemy!”

Enemy?

Before I could even understand what that meant, a light blinded me. I didn’t really have to try to understand what the Indoor Librarian had said, though.

The world turned white, and before we even opened our eyes and met the new world…, I heard a sharp voice in my head. It sounded like an emergency message.

[The Immortal Happiness Preacher has detected an invasion.]

[The Immortal Happiness Preacher warns you all.]

[The Immortal Happiness Preacher wants to exterminate the invaders.]

[The Immortal Happiness Preacher declares war on you all!]

[The Immortal Happiness Preacher hates you in particular.]

Our Victim was the fairy tale where the Constellation that had invaded Raviel’s world was ruling.

* * *

In stories about a hero and a demon king, the demon king always let their guard down, never revealing their full power from the beginning and sending their fodder subordinates to deal with the warriors first. The hero, who was weak at the beginning of the story, became stronger by defeating those enemies until they finally confronted the demon king.

—I’ve been waiting for you. You dare to oppose my master!

The Constellation of this fairy tale was different, showing us their fangs from the beginning.

Among our group, the first to sense the crisis was my holy sword.

[Shiny has detected the presence of her sister sword!]

The holy sword on my waist trembled, seemingly trying to warn me about an incoming crisis. Although my vision had yet to clear, Shiny quickly gave me more information.

[Shiny has confirmed that the characteristics of the Immortal Happiness Preacher and Sacrifice match!]

[The Immortal Happiness Preacher is Sacrifice, the fourth sister sword left by Lefanta Aegim!]

Right after Shiny’s warning, the world around me cleared up, revealing a blue sky. The Hunters and I were falling, plummeting toward the ground. I only realized it now since, immediately after being summoned to this world, we floated in the air for a moment. However, gravity quickly pulled us back to the ground.

Whooooshhhhh!

As the wind brushed past my forehead, I could feel my blood rushing to my head. We were falling head first toward our deaths.

Just before the wind could scatter our group in all directions, the Inquisitor grabbed my arm, deftly wrapped his legs tightly around my waist, and made a hand seal.

“Mr. Death King, grab my right foot and never let go! Divine Formula: Teleportation! “

As instructed, I clung to his right foot.

In the next second, the Inquisitor appeared right next to the Black Witch. “Black Dragon Master.”

“Yeah, give me your leg!” The Black Witch grabbed the Inquisitor’s left foot as if it was her own.

“Haha.” The Inquisitor’s light laughter blended with the wind.

I felt like the gravity that had been weighing us all down suddenly became light for a moment.

“Divine Formula: Teleportation!”

The Inquisitor gathered the Countess, the Paladin, and the Viper one by one. We clung to the Inquisitor like little pigs clinging to their mother.

Embarrassed by this situation, the Viper squawked. “Hey! Why am I last!”

“It’s because you’re the most useless of us all, Sect Master! Even if we lose you, it won’t be a significant loss!”

“You fucking preacher!”

With all five of us clinging to him, the Inquisitor no longer had the room to move his hands to make seals. To make matters worse, there was not much time left either. Even at this moment, the ground was getting closer by the second.

While waiting for all of us to gather, the Black Witch yelled, “Good job, kid! Everyone, say you agree to become the subject of my Skill! Hurry! Hurry!”

“Yes!”

“I agree!”

“Alright!”

“You have my consent.”

“Fuck yes!”

“Teleportation!”

Our group was immediately teleported. Unlike the Inquisitor, who had to make a hand seal to use his ability, the Black Witch’s Skill was activated simply by physical contact. This was the very Skill that I had relied on when dealing with the Demon King of Autumn Rain.

We landed safely on the ground.

—I’m not letting you go! Sing, my apostles!

But it wasn’t safe down here at all either.

Beyond the horizon, hundreds of thousands—maybe even millions—of child-like entities stood. Every one of them was identical to the apostles who had invaded Raviel’s world. They were now surrounding us in rows.

—La.

And they sang.

—La, la.

—La, lala.

—La.

An acapella of a million alto and soprano melodies harmonized, their whistling forming the instrumental.

The children happily danced in a circle. With each step they took, the ground shook slightly.

Thump, thump, thummmpppp.

—La.

The difficulty level of this apocalyptic book was A. The entire world was hostile to Hunters, and its ruler didn’t let her guard down. From the moment we entered, the world already began trying to destroy us with all its might.

“Ugh!”

The fellow Hunters hurriedly drew their aura up, but it wasn’t enough. Less than a minute after arriving in the apocalyptic book, we were already under an all-out attack. A vehement wave of joyful drowsiness hit us fiercely, proving to be difficult to handle with our aura alone.

“Miss Countess!” the Inquisitor shouted. “Give me money, please!”

“Damn it. My bank account is going to close down…!”

“Yes, but that’s better than having your head crack open!”

“Fifteen percent compound interest!”

“I won’t take it unless it’s free!”

“Well, that’s nonsense.”

“Nisha!” the Paladin screamed.

At first, I didn’t know what Nisha meant. However, when I saw that Paladin’s eyes were on the Countess, I realized that Nisha was the Countess’ real name.

“Shut up and take out your wallet before I kill you!”

“Ugh. Damn it! Withdrawal: Infinite!”

The Countess took out a pouch with a golden snail pattern from her chest and untied it.

Chinnnng!

Countless gold coins spilled onto the ground.

“User Change: Inquisitor!”

“Hahaha, thank you!” The Inquisitor quickly made a hand seal. “Divine Formula: Devotion!”

White light burst out of his hands and enveloped the pile of gold coins, which turned into dust and disappeared. In return, our aura was strengthened to an absurd degree.

“Divinity Transfer: Psychological Attack Immunity and Aura Enhancement! Targets: the Countess, the Inquisitor, the Black Dragon Master, the Paladin, and the Viper. The duration is undecided for all targets. The gold will never let you go. The Divine Formula Incantation is completed!”

“Kyaaaaaaaah! My money!” the Countess screamed.

Gold coins continued to pour out of her pouch, but as soon as they came out in the open, they turned into light and evaporated without a trace.

She was in so much panic that her cat ears popped out from her hair. “My money! Nya! No! My money! My money is more precious than my blood! I feel as if I’m bleeding!”

“Haha, would you like some of my blood?” the Inquisitor offered.

“Forget it! Just remember that the Tower goes bankrupt the same day I become broke! Do you understand? Unless you want to eat scrap porridge tomorrow morning, get moving already!”

The fall from the sky, and the acapella of a million children—these crises had come one after another without a moment of rest, but we successfully overcame them. Only then were we able to take a good look at the main culprit behind this mayhem.

—Tsk. I guess you’re skilled enough to take control of Idol, Sympathy, and Prayer. After all the trouble I went through to hide my presence and launch a surprise attack…!

The Constellation—a girl covered in dark red blood—was trembling in the air. Like Prayer, her entire body was red. However, her shade was a little darker.

—But it’s no use! Leader of the traitors, my loyalty to Lefanta Aegim will never fade. I’ll kill you and destroy you so that you won’t be a hindrance to the grand path that my master walks!

I see. I took out the holy sword.

Raviel had stabbed her heart with the Goddess of Protection’s fragment to turn herself into a Constellation. This meant that even if Sacrifice used to be a mere Constellation’s fragment, she still had the potential to become a new Constellation herself. After all, she had evolved from a fragment of the Goddess of Protection into the Immortal Happiness Preacher.

—My apostles! Get rid of them!

And Sacrifice was still loyal to Lefanta Aegim. Unlike her other sister swords who had been powerlessly absorbed into my holy sword, Sacrifice gathered all her strength and attacked me as if she had anticipated my arrival.

That was the whole story behind the full-scale attack just now.

I looked straight ahead, holding the holy sword. An army of hundreds of thousands were coming from all directions. Instead of shouting or thrusting their weapons, the apostles sang and danced. However, this was more threatening than any other shout and more lethal than any weapon.

We were six people against countless enemies.

“Miss Countess.”

“What?”

“You still have coins to spare, right?”

This was the best moment for me to shine.

The Countess blinked. “What?”

“Please let those coins fly on this stage. Monster Legion Reincarnation,” I muttered.

Chapter 122

Utopia (1)

Monster Legion Reincarnation

Class: SSS

Effects: You are able to summon those you killed as monsters. The deceased won’t retain their original abilities. However, if you wish, the deceased will retain their memories and appearance. If not, they will be summoned as monsters such as goblins, orcs, zombies, and skeletons.

※However, you can summon your legion only once a week.

That was the Skill I frequently used. The important part here was being able to choose whether I wanted the deceased to retain their memories and appearance once I summoned them. In other words, I could choose to summon them as brainless husks who didn’t look anything like they used to back when they were alive, just like I did right now.

Roarrrrr!

My shadow covered the entire ground and white skeletons emerged from it. It had been a while since I last saw my five thousand skeletons, but seeing them didn’t bring me any joy. After all, they were proof of my death.

But I needed them now.

Singing together, the apostles who followed the Immortal Happiness Preacher flocked to where I was.

—La, lala, la.

—Lala.

The song they sang made whoever listened to it relive their happiest memories. Such an attack was difficult for even a well-trained warrior to resist. Even the Heavenly Demon Cult followers had fallen victim to it at the wedding.

However, the skeletons roared as if nothing was amiss. There were merely five thousand of them, but they fiercely charged at an army of a million, not because they were particularly brave or because they were especially strong against psychological attacks.

—Ah, I see, the Guardian said, floating beside me. Since they have no memories at all, psychological attacks just don’t work on them.

Right. The song sung by the apostles of Immortal Happiness Preacher was clearly powerful. However, this power only worked on humans with memories. For summons with no memories at all, it was no different from an ordinary song.

—La…

Screeeeeeeeee! Screeee!

And ordinary songs had no power to hurt anyone. The summons swung their daggers, bit with their teeth, and scratched the apostles, slaughtering them. Dozens of apostles were swept away by the minute. In terms of combat prowess, they couldn’t be more powerless.

The Constellation bit her lip as she watched the battle from the sky.

The song of the apostles resonated from all around me, but I could hear every single sound the Constellation made. It was probably because she talked telepathically, so I could hear her voice in my head.

—Resistance is futile…! I can just outnumber you!

I had a response at the ready. “Yes, you’re right.”

Even if the apostles couldn’t put up a good fight, there were still a million of them. They could wreak havoc just by using their numbers advantage. That was why the Immortal Happiness Preacher ambushed us with confidence.

“But you already told me how to defeat you.”

—What?

The Constellation responded, probably because she read my lips.

“The size of an army isn’t the main issue at hand. Every army has its weaknesses. The moment you revealed that you and your apostles don’t know pain and just exist just to spread happiness…”

The skeletons were outnumbered, but they were yet to be subdued. They wouldn’t last for too long, maybe another minute or two. But that was all we needed.

“Your weakness is as good as exposed.” I held the holy sword tightly. “Black Dragon Master.”

“Speak up! I can’t hear you over the song!”

I made my voice heard by strengthening it with my aura. “Please deploy your mirrors in the air.”

The Black Witch immediately came to my side, already having her six mirrors hovering around her, just like I asked. She said, “Done. But what are you trying to do with my mirrors?”

“Do you remember when we fought the Demon King of Autumn Rain? When the demon king shot laser beams, you reflected them several times with your mirrors to weaken them. You also used them to strengthen our attacks. I’m going to do something similar now.”

The Black Witch understood my plan. “Are you going to shoot your aura like a laser beam? Not a bad idea, but are you sure you can fire a laser beam as powerful as the demon king? If the output isn’t powerful enough, it would be impossible to amplify it using my mirrors.”

“Don’t worry about the output. Please just focus on spreading my aura in as many directions as possible.”

“I’m not sure what you have in mind… Okay. Try it.”

Her mirrors flew in the air, positioned in the east, west, south, and north. When light shone on one mirror, it was immediately reflected in another. The light was so powerful, it enveloped the wilderness we found ourselves in.

This will do. I nodded and released my aura into the sword.

Whoosh!

My bloody red aura flowed down the sword and blazed up.

I can’t physically overpower them like Preta did. I don’t have the enlightenment like when Teacher cut the winter in half.

But I could fight like I was invincible if these apostles were my enemies and these Hunters were my allies.

“What happens if I can swing my sword with only hunger?”

That was the martial arts I inherited.

“You can cut down someone who has never starved in one strike. Half of the martial artists of the Righteous Faction will be reduced to corpses in one strike.”

The apostles who knew nothing but happiness could never match my strength. I swung my sword at the mirrors that the Black Witch had up in the sky.

Demonic Heaven Arts,

First Form:

Starvation Death

The Demonic Heaven’s ultimate art was unleashed through my red aura, which then bounced around the mirrors. One, two, three, four, five, six… Each time it bounced, the red aura split the wilderness and the army into two.

Swoooooshhhhhh!

Compared to the demon king’s laser beam and Teacher’s slash, it was much weaker, laughable even. However, despite this, the apostles of happiness disappeared when the red aura simply grazed them.

The Constellation looked down in shock.

—What…?

She was bound to be taken aback. My single attack vaporized thousands, perhaps tens of thousands of her apostles instantly. Until a little while ago, the wilderness was full of the apostles, but the areas clawed by the red aura had been ravaged clean.

And, of course, I wasn’t going to be done with just one attack.

“Black Dragon Master, let’s keep going! Please keep changing the positions of the mirrors!”

“Oh my god… Yes, your martial arts completely counter the Constellation’s subordinates!”

She skillfully readjusted the positions of the mirrors despite her shock and realized that, regardless of how much aura I could use, it was enough to destroy the enemies just by brushing past them. In that case, it was important to reflect my aura as much as possible.

“Don’t worry about me. Just keep attacking, Death King! I’ll adjust the mirrors!”

The mirrors sharply cut through the air. The Black Witch was a person who took action immediately after deciding what her priorities were.

Swooosh!

I put my trust in the Black Witch and unleashed my aura again. Tens of thousands of enemies were wiped out when I was simply demonstrating the familiar martial arts. The joint attack of me and the Black Witch—the Ranks 2 and 3 Hunters respectively—unilaterally trampled the Constellation’s army.

The Inquisitor used his Divine Formula to protect us from our enemies’ psychological attacks. “Hahaha! This is awesome! What a sight!”

The Countess poured an astronomical amount of money to back him up. “O-okay. Wipe them out as quickly as possible! My second emergency piggy bank is suffering!”

The Paladin was intently observing the battlefield to give timely instructions. “Viper! The enemies are straying that way! Take them out!”

The Viper took care of the small fries that escaped before the skeletons could stop them. “Alright! Damn, the demonic cult is taking away all the chances for me to look cool!”

We can do it.

There were only six of us—

If we join forces, we’re invincible!

—but the six of us overwhelmed an army in the size of a world.

Look.

The residents living in the Tower were probably gathered in the plaza right now, watching our fight. They would broadcast or record this scene, spreading to the outside world the footage of just six people defeating a million apostles.

Look! Get fired up. Witness how nothing is impossible in the Tower. See that the world can’t keep us down. Only we can forge our own destinies. Have hope.

The Constellation’s face scrunched.

—You… You wicked and ruthless outcasts! What right do you have to invade the utopia I’ve created? There is no misfortune in this world! Not even an unfortunate memory!

At the Constellation’s wave of hand, a holographic moment from the apostles’ past was projected in the sky.

—Lala.

—La.

The apostles didn’t live in houses. There was no need to form cities either. They knew no hunger, nor did they need to mine resources for daily necessities. The apostles took on the form of children and sang happily whenever, wherever.

—Aaaaaaaaaah!

But, at the heart of this world, an innocent child was being pierced with a sword.

—Aaaaah! Ah, aaaah! Aaaaaaah!

I couldn’t figure out how the innocent child’s screams became power. Perhaps the sword in the child’s chest was creating some kind of law.

—The world I’ve built is much more peaceful than your insignificant dumpster! the Constellation shouted as the child screamed. Don’t even think about criticizing me, you hypocrite invaders! I saw countless worlds as I followed my master, Lefanta Aegim. People screamed in every world. Hundreds of thousands! Millions! Tens of millions! Hundreds of millions!

The sword named Sacrifice continued to cry out.

—Meanwhile, only one person screams in my world. Just one! By sacrificing just one person, my apostles know no pain. While I commit one evil deed, you’re all turning a blind eye to hundreds of millions of evil deeds. How shameless of you all to mock my world, you vermin!

I understood the Constellation’s perspective. She would have put a lot of thought into inventing such a device. Her intentions were rooted in goodwill. If this was how the road to hell was paved, this was the hell chosen by the Immortal Happiness Preacher.

This world is just an extreme example.

The challenges we would face while running the Tower were going to be no different from this one. If food or resources were to run out, we would have to sacrifice some residents as the people in charge of the Tower.

The Constellation laughed because I was unable to say anything back to her.

—Ha! Still, you have a conscience not to talk nonsense at least. If you don’t have anything to say, get lost! I will never accept someone like you as my new master!

I took a step forward. “No, I have something to say.”

—You do? Ha, what could you possibly have to tell me?

It was easy to say sacrifices weren’t right no matter what. However, ideals weren’t meant to be said aloud, but put in action. They were only effective when someone could take responsibility for what they proposed and had the ability to carry it out. I didn’t forget this.

“I’ll kill you all.”

—What?

“I’ll kill you all and make you part of my legion.”

The Constellation didn’t seem to understand what I said.

—What are you talking about…?

“Everyone I kill becomes part of my legion. If I want, I can summon you all with all your memories intact. I’ll kill all of you and then summon you so that you all can live in this world again.” I raised the holy sword. “You want to sing like you do now and live happily ever after in a world where you don’t have to feel or remember pain. I’ll grant you that wish.”

—…

“Those belonging to my legion don’t even need to eat anything to survive. I’ll give you the world you want.”

It was simple. I was going to kill all of the million apostles. After doing that, I was going to summon them back to this world with their memories intact. Nothing would change.

“I’m not just talking about you.” I was speaking to the countless Tower residents who were watching us right now. “There are evil criminals who just can’t be reformed. There are people who died despite wanting to continue living. From now on, I’ll be the one who punishes them.”

—Punish them…?

“I’ll kill and revive all of them as part of my monster legion. They’ll remain forever in my shadow and endure their karma forever.”

The song that had been echoing on the horizon stopped. It had made the sky and the ground shook, so when it stopped, it silenced the whole world.

The Constellation looked at me with disbelief.

—Lie… For all evil criminals and their victims…? A mere mortal can’t do that…

“Preacher, I can also create the utopia you boast about. My world doesn’t even need innocent children screaming.”

Before entering this apocalyptic book, the Black Witch had asked me if I was prepared to become a king.

“It’s simple.”

Yes, if all worlds were hell, I could just become a slightly bigger hell.

“My hell is better than yours.”

This was the king’s path I chose to walk on.

Chapter 123

Utopia (2)

The Immortal Happiness Preacher, whose entire body was stained with blood, bit her lower lip. She was shaking, as if she weren’t just ripples, but turbulent ocean currents. The Constellation was silent for a long time.

Her army of apostles also stopped singing. The restless battlefield finally entered a short respite

Meanwhile, the Paladin approached me. “Death King, what do you mean by punishing all evil criminals?”

The other Hunters behind the Paladin also looked at me. Their expressions ranged from puzzled, bewildered, or shocked. Their gazes, each carrying a different emotion, were on me.

“I mean it literally.” I calmly welcomed the way they looked at me. “I know that you purged many people while running the Tower. I’m sure you’re probably still doing it in secret.”

“…”

“I can’t tell you to change the way you’ve been doing that just because it’s wrong. I don’t have the confidence or the actual ability to run the Tower better than you. But if you really need to kill someone in the future, just bring them to me.”

“Huh?” The Inquisitor tilted his head. After only cocking his head twice, he smiled brightly once realization dawned on him. “I see! Why haven’t I thought of this until now? That’s a really good idea, Mr. Death King!”

The Black Witch frowned. “What do you mean?”

“Think about it. Mr. Death King’s ability isn’t just about summoning the people he killed. He can give them their memories back! Then, we can use him as a walking prison!”

The Inquisitor’s laughter echoed across the quiet wilderness.

“His prison doesn’t require food or resources! Suppose Mr. Death King takes in a serial killer. All it takes to keep the killer from murder forever is for the Death King to command ‘Never commit murder again!’”

The Black Witch’s eyes slowly widened, and so did those of the Countess and the Paladin. Although they were confused, they quickly calculated the benefits the Inquisitor presented.

“Use Death King’s Skill as a walking prison…”

“Yes! Hahaha, criminals will be quite terrified. And doesn’t it suit his title beautifully? He’s the king of death and shall incarcerate those who should die. Things can’t add up more nicely than this!”

The Countess took out a fan and tapped on her lower lip. “If I were to present my opinion as the MA leader, this is not a bad idea. As you all may know already, the crime rate in the Tower is considerably higher than in the outside world. Our prisons are chronically overcrowded, and the costs of maintaining all those prisons are prohibitive.”

The Inquisitor smiled. “You’re right. I certainly agree as the Pantheon leader!”

It was as if the Five Guild leaders were having an on-the-spot meeting.

“The purpose of prisons is to isolate criminals and prevent them from reoffending. However, no matter how excellent a correctional program is, it’s difficult to change convicts completely. As beautiful as a human heart is, it’s also complicated. But Mr. Death King can prevent them from reoffending completely!”

The Paladin hesitated. “I… I don’t know. I admit it’s efficient, but it still doesn’t sit right with me. Aren’t we putting too much of a burden on the Death King? He’s just one guy.”

“Mr. Death King is already housing two thousand martial artists from the Heavenly Demon Cult and the Righteous Faction! Maybe there’s also summons we don’t know of! If his prison already contains two thousand people, any number beyond that is meaningless.”

The Paladin took a step back. “No, I’ll abstain from voting on this one.”

The Black Witch was staring at my face with various emotions in her eyes. “Are you sure it’ll be okay?”

I sensed that she was regretting and feeling responsible for her choice of bringing me into the hidden side of Tower politics.

“It’s okay,” I said with sincerity.

I was grateful. Even though I knew about the hidden Tower politics because I wanted to, she still felt responsible for me. She was a kind and noble person. There would come a day when I got to hear her real name.

I turned my head and looked up at the Constellation. “What is your choice?”

—…

“If you want to keep fighting us, I won’t stop you, but the outcome of this fight won’t change. I’ll take control of your proud utopia.”

The Constellation broke her long silence.

—I’m not only the Goddess of Protection’s fragment, but also the Immortal Happiness Preacher with a million apostles under my command. If you take me in, all my apostles will also follow, so let me ask you—can you guarantee that you won’t use my apostles as your private soldiers and make them commit evil deeds?

“I won’t do such a thing,” I said firmly. “Even when you invaded Raviel’s world, I only summoned the Heavenly Demon Cult’s followers. Since I killed those from the Righteous Faction, I could have summoned them too, but I didn’t because that’s wrong. Those people shouldn’t follow the Young Demonic Heaven’s command.”

—…

“Whether you have a million or ten million apostles, they can live happily in this world, like they always have been.”

The Constellation in the form of a girl slowly lowered her head. When people are physically overpowered or defeated in logic, they become honest and blurt out their honest thoughts.

—Ah, Master Lefanta Aegim… the Constellation muttered, her body gradually melting. To meet you again…

Blood fell from the sky and pooled on the ground, slowly hardening into the shape of a sword. Since the sword had no mouth, the Constellation was unable to finish what she wanted to say. She could only wait for the Tower to deliver the rest of her sentence.

[Sacrifice awaits your choice.]

[Sacrifice says that her ability is to convert someone’s pain into the happiness of others. The nobler and purer the person suffering is, the greater the happiness will be.]

I walked toward the sword stuck in the ground and raised my holy sword to strike down the blood-stained sword.

[The Goddess of Protection is absorbing a piece of herself.]

The sword shattered.

[The Goddess of Protection’s presence has become stronger.]

At the same time, the apostles surrounding us also melted. The million children, spread beyond the horizon, collapsed. Even as they melted, they still smiled.

Swoosh—!

With their collapse, they released red water, turning the horizon scarlet in no time.

[The stage has been cleared.]

[The twenty-eight floor has been cleared today.]

The Black Witch looked down blankly at the shallow sea of blood that reached her calves. “Right. What you need to conquer a stage is information. If you know the enemy’s weaknesses, you can easily beat the stage. When we first landed in the middle of the enemies, I was searching for an escape route, but it all ended so quickly…”

“Huh? Wh-what happened?” The Viper was confused. He had been minding his own business without listening to me, fighting together with the skeletons to take care of the apostles. “Why did these guys suddenly turn into red paint? Huh?”

The Paladin sighed. “I love how you never change, Viper…”

“…What did you just say? Are you crushing on me?”

The Inquisitor laughed. “Hahaha. Well, that would be fun and all, but I don’t think so. The Watchmen League’s assistant leader has already been dating someone for a long time!”

The Viper opened his one eye wide. “What? Really? Who is it?”

“I’m afraid I don’t have the liberty to answer that. Find out for yourself!”

No one answered the Viper’s question. It seemed it was an open secret that everyone else knew. I was also curious, so I was tempted to open one of their character windows, but I held myself back because that would be too much of an invasion of privacy.

The Countess came up and playfully slapped me on the back. “Hey, hey. That was absolutely amazing! We finished so quickly! I was prepared to pour money into this bottomless pit for at least a day! You’re indeed the Death King! You remember the first person who had an eye on you since you were a rookie, right?”

The Countess was happy that we safely ended the ambush. I didn’t want to throw a wet blanket over her happiness, but I had no intention of taking a break here. From the beginning, this stage was just a stepping stone.

“I’m sorry, Miss Countess, but we aren’t done.”

“Hmm? What do you mean? We received the notification that the twenty-eight floor has been cleared.”

I nodded. “Yes, we cleared the twenty-eighth floor, but I’m going to make it to the thirtieth floor today.”

The Black Witch had been blankly looking at the sea of blood. The Viper kept clinging to the Paladin asking who on earth she was dating, and the Inquisitor had been contemplating his future moves. However, all of them now turned to me.

The Black Witch was surprised. “Today? Really?”

She wasn’t doubting my abilities. She was just worried about me.

“Death King—no, Gong-Ja, you’re pushing yourself too hard these days. You haven’t had a single day off since you headed to the Story of Sormwin Academy!”

Well, it would certainly look that way to the Black Witch. Raviel and I had wreaked all sorts of havoc for fun, but only the two of us knew that. From other people’s perspectives, I really had been working non-stop.

“You should take some time off, even if it’s only for a short period. Like any other beings, people are worn out by stress. If you don’t carefully plan out your work hours and balance them with your breaks, you’ll just collapse one day. I mean it. You may not know this because you’re still young…”

I smiled. How someone could genuinely worry about others was very beautiful.

“You’re right. I’ve been overdoing it a bit.”

“Right? So, let’s take a break from clearing the stages for a while……”

“So, I’ll rest after I clear the thirtieth floor today.”

The Black Witch pressed a palm on her forehead. “You’re not listening to me at all! Get some rest! Please!”

“Black Dragon Master, the population of the Tower is increasing by a hundred thousand per day,” I said. “Even if ninety nine out of one hundred people who entered the Tower are good people, it’s bound that at least one newcomer is a criminal. That means that the number of criminals in the Tower is increasing by one thousand every day.”

“…”

Calmly, I added, “Ten criminals together can form a gang. One hundred can form a mafia family. When one thousand people come together, a warlord is born. A new warlord is showing up in the Tower every day, so we can’t just focus on conquering the apocalyptic books forever.

“We need to finish this as soon as possible and return to running the Tower. This is the right choice for us, the original residents, and the new people arriving at the Tower.”

The Black Witch bit her lower lip. “If you… If you put it like that, then there’s nothing I can say to convince you otherwise…”

“Don’t worry.” I grinned and held out my fist to the Black Witch. “When I rest, I’m going to do it like there is no tomorrow. I don’t think anyone will take a break better than I do. When you see me taking a break with Raviel, you’ll be surprised, Black Dragon Master.”

“I don’t really want to watch newlyweds acting all lovey-dovey…”

“If it bothers you too much, please help me choose a ring later. It’s for Raviel, and I’m not very good at that.”

The Black Witch sighed for a long time, still pressing a palm on her forehead. “Yeah… You better give her the prettiest ring in the world. Seriously, how did I end up coaching a kid like you from A to Z…”

“And I’m always grateful for it.”

“Forget it. When it comes to gratitude, I don’t want to hear it. Let’s stop talking about this. It’s embarrassing to do it in front of people. I knew this since I saw you dating in Sormwin, but you really don’t know what embarrassment is, don’t you…?” she grumbled, but she didn’t refute my plan any further.

She and the other Five Guild leaders also knew that it was dangerous if they didn’t return to managing the Tower soon. They were not only Hunters but also the top management of the Tower. It was time they wrapped up their days at the library.

“Send me back.”

Whoosh!

We each returned to the library a moment apart.

The Hunters were gathered in the library. They would have watched the live broadcast of the six of us easily overpowering a million apostles, witnessing the overwhelming difference in power between us and them. Perhaps that was why the Hunters just watched us from a distance. The authority of the High Rankers was rock solid now.

Good, good, I thought.

This was the outcome I had been hoping for. As a united team, we proved our Hunter Rankings through sheer skill, not political power. The Hunters wouldn’t be hasty in causing trouble, at least for the time being.

There was one more person watching us—the owner of the great library, the Indoor Librarian. He looked at us with his chin resting on his palm.

“Welcome back and congratulations! I thought it would take a little longer to clear this stage, but the synergy you created together easily exceeded my expectations. I had no idea that you would quickly take over a world where a Constellation was still ruling.”

Despite congratulating us, the Indoor Librarian was expressionless.

I figured he would react this way.

The Indoor Librarian loved stories. What he loved in stories were the characters’ hardships, adversities, unexpected difficulties, and innovative solutions. Overwhelming victory or defeat wasn’t to his tastes.

I knew how to make him do what I wanted.

Show me the character window.

A system window appeared before my eyes.

Name: Indoor Librarian

Affection: 98

Liked genres: Fusion fantasy, romance, mystery, adventure, horror, history, war, sports, SF, mythology, fairy tale…

Disliked genres: None

Liked characters: Characters, the Constellation Murderer, the Death King

Disliked characters: None

Liked plot: Completed stories

Disliked plot: Discontinued serialization

State of Mind: Well, the Demonic Heaven Arts is indeed the worst match for the Immortal Happiness Preacher. I guess she was unlucky. Tsk tsk. Fool. If she had predicted her disadvantage and asked for reinforcements from other Constellations, she would have put up a better fight than that.

I nodded. It’s there.

My name was added to the list of the Indoor Librarian’s preferred characters, next to the Constellation Murderer. As the Librarian himself had stated, the Constellation Murderer was the character he loved the most. The fact that my name was registered alongside someone like that meant that I too reached a position comparable to that of the Constellation Murderer.

“Mr. Librarian.”

He smiled, his sleeves fluttering. “Well, what apocalyptic book would you like to choose next? If you wish, I can give you my recommendation. The fairy tale was cleared so quickly, so what about going for a myth this time? It’s grand and dangerous, but outrageously good rewards also await. Or…”

“The character you love the most is Lefanta Aegim.” I interrupted him. “How am I compared to him?”

The Librarian stroked his chin. “Hmm? Of course… It would be a shame to rank you two in any way. You and the Constellation Murderer have completely opposite characters! What can I say, um… The Constellation Murderer is a man who seems to be carrying all the misfortunes of the universe… On the other hand, Mr. Death King, you’re a bit like chocolate ice cream! You look gloomy and taste bitter, but you’re actually really sweet!”

I decided not to dwell on whether the analogy was appropriate or not. I said, “I have decided on our next apocalyptic book.”

“What is it?”

“The Epic of Lefanta Aegim.”

The Indoor Librarian paused.

“After clearing the Heavenly Demon Chronicle, we went to the snowy mountain by ourselves. You showed it to me.”

At that time, the Indoor Librarian had said in front of the huge dragon corpse that his dream was to be killed by Lefanta Aegim. That was when he showed me a worn leather book that had been read dozens or hundreds of times, indicating how precious it was to him.

The Indoor Librarian was still probably carrying around The Epic of Lefanta Aegim in secret.

The corners of the Indoor Librarian’s mouth lifted in a small smile. “Mr. Death King…?”

“Yes?”

“I know that you consider the Constellation Murderer to be your enemy, but The Epic of Lefanta Aegim isn’t an apocalyptic book… I can only introduce you all to apocalyptic books, which contain worlds that ended after their serialization was unfortunately discontinued. “ The corners of his mouth trembled faintly. “The Epic of Lefanta Aegim is a story that is still being serialized. I should never intervene in it. I can’t grant your…”

“But…” I stared at him. “…you want to see it, don’t you?”

“…”

“You told me that the Constellation Murderer is the best character you’ve met, and I’m comparable to him.”

The owner of the Great Library of All Life was the Constellation who loved stories more than anyone else. That was why I knew he could never resist my offer.

“Don’t you want to see your favorite characters on the same page?”

The genre of the next stage I chose was a crossover.

Chapter 124

Utopia (3)

A harsh fate awaited those captivated by stories. It wasn’t the fault of the people themselves; rather, the stories seemed to hold some sort of power over them, bewitching them and even driving them to madness. Stories and stories—people fell in love with all of them, ultimately devoting most of their lives to consuming them.

For them, reality was just a world that was incapable of being a narrative. It lacked dramatic twists or a shocking ending. People were just people; they could never be characters.

Disappointment with reality, contempt for humanity, and above all, adoration of stories were the reasons readers enthusiastically cheered when events that seemed taken out of novels took place in reality and real humans acted like fictional characters. Readers weren’t coldhearted. They were simply waiting for something exciting to happen in real life, something seemingly pulled out from a story.

The ultimate reader was now standing before my eyes.

“C-crossover… between you… and Le-Lefanta Aegim?”

The man loved stories so much that he had built his own library.

“That’s certainly an attractive offer.”

The library he had built was as large and magnificent as a world. Moreover, it contained all ideas and principles of life, earning it the name Great Library of All Life.

“But I can only provide you with apocalyptic books. That is the ironclad rule I established. Every story has the right to see its own ending, so I should not hastily intervene…”

The librarian’s lips were trembling now.

He’s wavering.

I observed him quietly. I was sure that the Indoor Librarian was going to take the bait. No realistic logic would be able to persuade him, but his desire for an epic crossover could drag him all the way to hell. It was an offer that he couldn’t refuse.

I shrugged. “Well, we can forget about it if you don’t want to see it. I’m just being generous, trying to give you a chance to see your favorite characters together. If you don’t want that, you don’t have to do it.”

The Indoor Librarian remained quiet.

“But you really want to see it, don’t you?”

His expression drastically changed, revealing his obvious feelings. It agonized him that this crossover would otherwise be impossible, which was what tempted him to indulge in the desire to have this story as a fancy dessert.

The Indoor Librarian finally managed to say, “I… I made a contract with the Tower.”

He breathed raggedly before adding, “Not all Constellations make contracts with the Tower, but only those who do can enter. That makes us tenants, in a way. In return for renting a floor in the Tower, we are given various restrictions.”

“What are your restrictions?”

“To only provide apocalyptic books to humans.” The Indoor Librarian waved his hand. With each movement, a book hovering around him fell to the floor. “And while an apocalyptic story can have various meanings, the Epic of Lefanta Aegim isn’t one of them.”

Those books were like the Indoor Librarian’s guards. When the Hunters decided to attack last time, he had used the books’ power to subdue them.

“A contract is a contract. I cannot violate it at will. The Tower and its owner will be very angry with me, and I’d rather not have that. Well, tenants can’t exactly argue with their landlords, can they…?”

In other words, he was voluntarily disarming himself.

With dozens of his books now on the floor, the Indoor Librarian looked at me. “Well, just so you know, my combat prowess isn’t particularly great.”

I didn’t know what to say.

“This is true for many Constellations. Although we have special abilities, most of us are surprisingly bad at fighting. I’m simply a feeble reader without my books. Um, so… Do you understand what I’m hinting at, Gong-Ja?”

I see. I understand.

“Yes, you can’t break the contract.” I approached the Indoor Librarian with big strides.

The Indoor Librarian meekly held his sleeves in front of his chest, nervously looking up at me.

“Unless you violated the contract due to an unfortunate circumstance.”

I grabbed him by his collar and held him up in the air easily due to how light he was. Even though his sleeves were very long and thick, they hardly posed a problem.

“Ugh…!” he groaned.

“Hand over The Epic of Lefanta Aegim, please.”

“Ah…” His lips quivered harder.

He was a Constellation, the owner of a world, yet he was being threatened by a single Hunter. Nonetheless, he didn’t fight back at all.

“How rude… After all the goodwill and faith I’ve shown you, I never thought you would betray me like this! Ah, I feel bitter! This is why many stories warn their readers not to trust humans…”

Thinking his acting skills were terrible, I chuckled and tightened my grip on his collar. The Indoor Librarian gasped.

“Give it to me or I’ll kill you, you pervert.”

The Indoor Librarian’s face slowly darkened as he looked up at me. We were acting, but he sensed sincerity in my voice. Of course, I was sincere. To deceive the Tower, the threat had to be true to some extent.

“P-pervert? Gong-Ja, you’re too harsh…”

“You collect human hair and fingernails, and your lifelong dream is for Lefanta Aegim to kill you. What else would I call you? Do you really think it’s normal to want your favorite character to kill you?”

The Indoor Librarian fell silent.

“Oh, right. Now that I think about it, I’m also one of your favorite characters.” I smiled. “What do you think about your lifelong dream coming true right now?”

“Now?”

“Do you want me to kill you right here?”

With his back hunched, the Indoor Librarian cowered and trembled as if struck by lightning. A flow of envy and desire could be seen in his eyes as he looked up at me. With trembling hands, he slowly took something out from his sleeves.

The Epic of Lefanta Aegim—it was the worn-out, hand-stained book that he had already read hundreds of times. Among his countless collections of books, he cherished it so much that he always carried it around.

“I’ll give it to you…”

The Indoor Librarian gave me his treasure, which he valued more than his life.

“Good.”

I snatched The Epic of Lefanta Aegim with one hand while still gripping his collar with the other.

The Indoor Librarian gasped. His face was now a chaotic mix of thrill and self-loath.

The Epic of Lefanta Aegim

Genre: Unable to access with your current authorization level.

Difficulty level: Unable to access with your current authorization level.

Required challengers: Unable to access with your current authorization level.

※Currently being serialized.

Description: Unable to access with your current authorization level.

Without the Indoor Librarian’s permission, it was impossible to read a book of the great library. Intrigued by this, I looked down at the Indoor Librarian. “I can’t read it.”

“W-well, you can read apocalyptic books only because I allow it. All books stored here are prohibited for a reason, so humans can’t carelessly read them…”

“Then tell me the story yourself.”

Unable to refuse my demand, the Indoor Librarian began telling me about the life of Lefanta Aegim, the character he said he loved the most. “Lefanta Aegim, the Constellation Murderer, is from the same country as you.”

“What?”

“He was born in the same world, same country, and is of the same race as you. Not only are you two from the same country, but you also share the same name.”

That was something I hadn’t expected at all.

The Indoor Librarian’s gaze fell to the floor as he continued, “The Constellation Murderer himself created the surname Aegim. It’s a made-up word using another language from the western region of your world, not your native language.”

A western language? English? Ae, and gim…

“Does the name mean ‘I am Kim?’”

“That’s correct.”

Oh my god.

“Didn’t I tell you? Once is a coincidence. Twice is fate. Thrice is an inevitability. You and the Constellation Murderer have already crossed paths many times, so it won’t be wrong to say that fate connects you two.”

My eyes widened.

He’s from the same country as me?

So far, the only Hunter I had met from my country was a maniac who looked damn good with his ponytail. However, it turned out that even the Constellation Murderer was from South Korea.

So that makes me the only sane Hunter from my country.

Just as I was unwittingly questioning whether my home country was okay, the Indoor Librarian added, “The Constellation Murderer was summoned to another world when he was only a high school student. Naturally, he went through quite a perilous adventure, but after being summoned, he awakened a supernatural ability that allowed him to get through that difficult world.”

“Wait just a sec. Hold up.” I had a strange sense of deja vu. The storyline was awfully familiar. “A high school student summoned to another world. That’s exactly like…”

“That’s right.” The Indoor Librarian nodded weakly. “The main storyline of The Epic of Lefanta Aegim sounds somewhat like this: a high school student goes to another world and wreaks havoc. You may be familiar with the term school isekai. The Constellation Murderer is now too old to be called a high schooler…”

My jaw dropped to the floor. I thought that the term “school isekai” became extinct with the dinosaurs. Was the Constellation Murderer, Lefanta Aegim, a dinosaur?

“Of course, it would be unfair to the Constellation Murderer if I simply defined his life as nothing but havoc. Until he became the first emperor of the Aegim Empire, the Constellation Murderer went through countless hardships…”

As the Indoor Librarian went on with the story of Lefanta Aegim, his voice turned into light and permeated The Epic of Lefanta Aegim. The light then turned into hologram letters that spelled out the names of characters from the epic.

A long time ago, there were people who lived on the Primordial Dragon Emperor’s corpse.

“The Constellation Murderer arrived on the twentieth floor, which you now own.”

With no heroes among them, they began to hope for one.

“That’s where his journey to build a nation began.”

They prayed to their god, and their god granted their wish.

The book glowed white like the other apocalyptic books. The Indoor Librarian looked at it with subtle fear.

“And now, the Constellation Murderer has settled on the fiftieth floor.”

That was what the Guardian had said too.

“That is where a problem arises. You haven’t cleared the fiftieth floor yet, so you’re still in the beginner area. Moreover, unlike other higher floors, the fiftieth floor is a really special place. Sending beginners there is strictly, and I cannot emphasize this enough, prohibited.”

It surprised even those who were listening with bated breath.

“The floors below the fiftieth are considered the beginner area?”

“We worked so hard to get here…”

I wasn’t surprised. I had known for a long time that everything up until the tenth floor was treated as a tutorial. The Guardian had also told me that from the fiftieth floor onward, we would be competing with Hunters from different worlds.

In other words, not competing with Hunters from different worlds until the fiftieth floor is probably a measure to protect beginners.

With this in mind, I asked, “When you say prohibited, does it mean that you can’t send Hunters to the fiftieth floor no matter what happens?”

The Indoor Librarian’s face became a mess of emotions once again. “Not exactly… It can be done if a floor manager, the one who sends the Hunter up… pays the price.”

“Then it doesn’t matter. You’re going to pay the price, right?”

“A-At least…” The Indoor Librarian sobbed. “At the very least, please limit the number of people I’m sending to just you…”

Even if the Indoor Librarian didn’t plead this desperately, I already planned to face Lefanta Aegim alone.

“Alright. Send me to the fiftieth floor.”

The Indoor Librarian shut his eyes tightly. “I hope you don’t regret this.”

“That is why I’m going,” I replied firmly.

The Indoor Librarian gave up and stroked the cover of The Epic of Lefanta Aegim with trembling hands. Weakly, he whispered, “Death King, I designate you as a character in the Epic of Lefanta Aegim…”

[Warning!]

[An unauthorized access has been detected.]

[A penalty has been given to the Indoor Librarian.]

The Indoor Librarian flinched as fierce warnings echoed in my head. He seemed to have also heard them. Nevertheless, despite his trembling shoulders, he didn’t stop. “The designation has been completed under my authority.”

[Warning!]

[A penalty has been given to the Indoor Librarian.]

The Indoor Librarian breathed raggedly. “This isn’t important. Go, Death King. Let me see you stand together with the Constellation Murderer.”

Whoosh!

White light enveloped me.

[An unauthorized access has been detected.]

As the world around me turned white, more warnings kept popping up.

[Warning!]

[Your God of Beauty’s blessing has been suspended.]

[You can no longer observe other people’s Affection!]

[Your God of Serpent’s blessing has been suspended.]

[You can no longer observe other people’s state of mind!]

[A resident of the Tower who was not given a name has entered the fiftieth floor.][1]

Next thing I knew, I was on the fiftieth floor, where no one from my Tower had stepped foot in before.

* * *

1. It looks like Gong-Ja’s title became invalid after the unauthorized access. ☜

Chapter 125

The Demonic Realm (1)

Kim ■ remembered the day he had fallen into another world.

—Congratulations. You were chosen as the warrior who will save this world.

A dazzlingly beautiful woman smiled at him. ■ was dumbfounded and blankly stared at the angel in front of him. Although he had seen many celebrities on the Internet and the news, he was just an ordinary high school student. It was his first time meeting a beautiful woman who seemed to brighten the world just by smiling.

He couldn’t help but stammer, “Excuse me… Miss Angel? Where are we?”

“No need to rush, Hero. I am the Goddess of Protection, the Constellation that will protect and guide you from now on. You may not know much now, but you will discover a lot.”

She was a goddess, not an angel? ■ felt his mind turn blank for some reason.

“But I was on the school rooftop just a moment ago… I’m sure of it…”

The goddess calmly clasped her hands together. “You were a victim of bullying while in school. Young humans sometimes resemble animals. Their malicious deeds are done out of pure ignorance. Unfortunately, you fell prey to these animals and jumped off from the rooftop because you couldn’t endure it anymore.”

“Jumped…”

—Yes, if I were to add to that, you fell to your death.

It was only after hearing the goddess’s words that ■ remembered the iron door leading to the school rooftop was tightly locked.

When he saw the doorknob tightly tied with chains, ■ felt rather spiteful, so he opened the window of a fifth-floor classroom to climb up the pipe to the rooftop.

It was crazy. However, as he climbed up the pipe, ■ felt alive for the first time in his life. He thought to himself how ridiculous everything was. For the first time in his life, he crawled out a window, climbed up a pipe, and got to the school rooftop.

When he tried to stay alive, he never felt this way, but as he was about to throw his life away, he couldn’t have felt more alive.

The sky he could see from the rooftop was red. ■ was grateful that the sky always turned red once a day. For the first time in his life, he thanked the sky. Its red shade made it seem a little warmer than when it was blue, making him want to dive into the warm color.

He took off his school indoor shoes and placed them neatly on the ground. The soles inside the shoes were scribbled with a black oil-based marker. That was certainly not his doing.

■ looked down at the ground. The schoolyard under the sunset was red like the Sahara. He heard that if a person jumped to their death, they would regret it as soon as they started to plunge. He wondered if he would regret it too.

The schoolyard became noisy. Some students were playing soccer before starting their self-study session of the night, but they pointed at the rooftop from below. Several of them were familiar faces.

■ quietly pressed his thumb on the SEND button. Thirty-seven students would receive the same will that he had prepared in advance.

—You’re the ones who killed me. Don’t forget that you did this to me.

After a moment, he received a notification that the text messages had been sent. It was done. Feeling refreshed, ■ threw his cell phone. It crash-landed in the schoolyard, shocking the students below. Some students’ faces turned white, probably because they just received his will. He hoped their lives would be ruined forever.

■ fell into the red desert, thinking that a fall was just a failed attempt to fly.

“My name is the Goddess of Protection.”

And then he came here.

“I have many abilities. Idol, Sympathy, Prayer, Sacrifice, Salvation. If you borrow my power, you can do anything, become anything. What do you want to become, Hero?”

Kim ■ remembered the day he had fallen into another world. A dazzlingly beautiful woman smiled at him.

* * *

When I opened my eyes, I heard a voice inside my head.

[You have entered the fiftieth floor using the unauthorized route.]

[The Indoor Librarian’s blessings have been removed.]

[Beginner protection measures have been suspended.]

[Beginner privileges have been suspended.]

I smiled bitterly. That is one bone-chilling warning.

I looked around. The first thing I noticed was the spires soaring into the sky. Five rickety towers stood in the distance, like a giant’s fingers reaching into the sky. It was strange that they didn’t collapse right away.

—Wow, man. It’s been forever since I’ve been here. I think it’s been over one hundred and fifty years at least.

Fortunately, I had a guide by my side—Sword Emperor. The Guardian had once climbed up to the ninety-ninth floor of the Tower, so of course he had also been on the fiftieth floor.

—I see that nothing has changed.

The Guardian looked around the fiftieth floor with disgust rather than nostalgia.

“What are those towers?”

—They make up the Magic Tower. Some guys have confined themselves there for over a thousand years. Instead of climbing the Tower, they decided to just settle down on the fiftieth floor…

A thousand years…

—Anyway, don’t get close to them. If possible, don’t even look at them.

“Why is that?”

—If you look at it for more than twenty-three seconds, you will trigger their sensor. In the world they live in, twenty-three has the same meaning as eighteen[1] in your country, Zombie. The alarm system acts as if it’s asking, “What are you looking at, you dimwit?” Damn, isn’t this a great display of their messed-up personality?

I quickly looked away from the Magic Tower. An alarm system that was triggered just by looking at it for more than a certain period of time!

—Ah. right. They originally had six towers, but I knocked down one of them. They’ll probably be thrilled if they find out I came back as a ghost. They’ll also issue a general mobilization order and chase you all the way to hell, so try not to make your visit known.

“…Now I see you’re a troll, not a guide. Shit, I should have known that it would be like this.”

[Void Poison has begun to erode you.]

[Your erosion level is 1.]

“What is this Void Poison? I’m getting messages that it’s eroding me right now.”

The Guardian shrugged as if it was no big deal.

—Oh, yeah. There was that too. Man, I really feel like I’m back at the Tower now. It’s just a type of poison spread throughout the fiftieth floor. Who spread it? There was a guy who was in charge of managing the fiftieth floor, but he played favorites with some Hunters a little too much. Then, something like the Prajna Liberation War broke out and he got killed, or so I heard.

“So?”

—When he died, he just couldn’t be cool with it, so he cursed the world. That curse turned into poison that lingers on this floor.

I blinked. “Uh, that’s totally…”

—Yeah, you remember the zombie virus spread by the Constellation in gangho, right? You can think of this as an enhanced version of that virus.

Dumbfounded, I asked, “There is something as poisonous as that in the air, but people still live here? For over a thousand years? Are they crazy?”

—Yup, totally. But they’ve made it this far, so they have some basic proficiency in aura, magic, Skills, or Constellations’ blessings. Speaking of which, what are you doing, Zombie? Use your aura to protect yourself. Come on.

At the Guardian’s suggestion, I drew up my red aura and covered myself, taking extra precautions to not breathe in any of that poison. Only after I had a moment of relaxation did I look back at the Guardian. “What happens if I don’t protect myself?”

—Uh…

The Guardian was unusually hesitant. He frowned, looking like he was having trouble choosing the right words.

—You transform into something very unique, and your mental state becomes very unusual…

Screeeeeeeeeeee!

—Ah, good. Here’s your example.

I looked back. A monster resembling a toad was crouching there.

Screeeeeeeeeeeeeee!

However, the problem was that none of the toads I knew had thirty-six legs or shark teeth. It also seemed to weigh about two tons, too.

“What’s wrong with that guy?!”

—Well, it was probably a human at some point, just like you. A person who ate, pooped, and sometimes talked nonsense… roughly twenty years ago, the Guardian answered leisurely.

The two-ton toad monster leaped high in the air, very clearly heading straight for me. I freaked out and ran away, focusing my aura on my feet.

Baaaaaaaaam!

The earth shook. Considering that a supposedly adorable toad was the source of that noise, it was a little too loud. The ground sank, as if a small meteorite had fallen.

“What the hell…” I took out the holy sword and used the Demonic Heaven Arts.

Slash!

The blow infused with my red aura landed right on the toad monster’s waist, cutting it in half.

Did I kill it?

—Ah, the Guardian cut in. Sorry, Kim Zombie. I didn’t get to warn you, but from the fiftieth floor onward, it’s literally pandemonium. If you make use what you have learned so far, you’ll get fucked a lot of times.

“What are you trying to say?”

Something arose from the cross sections of the toad monster—legs that resembled tentacles. In an instant, dozens of them crawled out, and the toad monster stood tall again.

Screeeee!

Raaargh!

However, there were not one, but two toads this time.

—Yeah, something like that.

“What the fuck?!”

—If you feel like chickening out, keep looking at the Magic Tower for more than twenty-three seconds. If you do that, they will start talking to you. Ask for their help when they quiz you “What are you looking at? Who the hell are you?” and wizards on brooms will come and rescue you. How does that sound? They seem kind, right?

Unless my imagination was playing tricks on me, it seemed that the Guardian had been grinning for a while. This meant that there was a very high chance that he was making fun of me. In other words…

“What do they get in return for saving me?”

—Maaaan. You’re sharp. Am I that obvious? Your next twelve years will be mortgaged, and they’ll suck your soul dry. Zombie, since you have a Class SSS Skill, they’ll love you. Isn’t that great? I envy you!

Fuck…

“Hey, y-you over there!”

“Run! Hurry!”

“This way! This way! Come on!”

I heard urgent shouts from behind. When I looked behind me, I saw three old men wearing shabby cloaks gesturing to me. They looked like homeless people with their cloaks covered in stains, but their eyes had a mysterious wisdom behind them. Their offers to help sounded so sincere that I almost turned toward them without realizing it.

—Hehehe.

However, the Guardian’s grin bothered me too much to actually run to them. I instinctively stopped and unleashed my aura to attack them.

“This way!”

“Come this way!”

“Hurry!”

As soon as my attack landed, my jaw dropped to the ground. Something soared from the ground where the old men were standing. It was something that looked somewhat like a hedgehog…

“Hey, y-you over there!”

“Run! Hurry!”

“Come his way!”

Instead of thorns, there were three old men on the back of this apparent hedgehog.

“The hell…”

In short, those weren’t actually living old men. They were just mimicries of the hedgehog monster’s shell. It probably did this to eat the people whom the old men lured toward it.

—Nice job, Kim Zombie. You’re naive, but you do know how to use your brain when it matters most. If you have common sense, there is no way old people would help you in this kind of place without any reason, right?

Screeeeee!

“This way!”

Screeeeee!

“Run! Hurry!”

The toad monsters and the hedgehog monster both charged at me. Dozens of tentacles were writhing on the toad monsters’ skin, and the three old men on the hedgehog monster’s back spoke over each other. Just watching this messed my head.

“Is everyone like this here?!”

—There are exceptions, but this is the general vibe. Welcome to the Demonic Realm where cosmic fears dance all around, Zomsparrow. Now do you see how normal and sensible of a Hunter I am?

“Now isn’t the time to say that…!”

An exception the Guardian mentioned soon came into view. However, I wasn’t sure whether this was a good thing or not.

—Duck, stranger. You might get slashed too.

I heard a voice right in my head via Aura Telepathy. I quickly lowered my head like I was told, and right at that moment, a terrifying sword slashed overhead.

Slashhhh!

The two toad monsters were both cut into pieces. I remembered the eerie sight of the toad monster regenerating a little while ago, so I shouted, “No, even if you cut them, they’ll regenerate and multiply…!”

I stopped shouting because the toad monsters didn’t move at all. In other words, they were dead.

What? Does the monster just only multiply once?

—No, that’s not it~ They can multiply endlessly.

Then why did they die?

The Guardian hummed.

—So…

Before the Guardian could explain, someone else did it for him. “To kill a Half-Split Death, you have to split it exactly in half, as the name suggests.”

It was the man who had sent the telepathic message.

Stunned, I looked at the monsters again. He was right. The toad monsters were split exactly in two, and for some reason, that killed them.

“Next.” The man immediately swung his sword at the hedgehog monster.

Boom…!

Every time he struck the monster, an explosion erupted. Despite the formidable amount of aura the attack carried, the hedgehog monster tanked it without a big problem.

I watched the fight intently.

It’s like Lady Goldencup under a blessing…!

However, the man continued to throw aura slashes at the hedgehog monster, which charged in as if it wasn’t taking any damage.

“This way!”

The cry of the old man on the left of the hedgehog’s back was drowned out by the sound of an explosion.

Boom…!

“Come this way!”

Next, the muffled shout of the man on the right could be heard.

Boom…!

“Hurry!”

This time, it was the old man in the middle speaking. Every time the man’s slashes drowned out the old men’s cries, a part of the hedgehog crumbled like sand.

Boom…!

“The true nature of a Screamer lies in its screams, so you have to smother them with something louder than that to kill it.”

Two types of monsters were taken care of in the blink of an eye.

The man had an extensive knowledge of his prey and a peerless level of martial prowess to be able to put this knowledge into practice. I looked at him blankly.

He’s a Hunter…

The Guardian grumbled.

—Ha. Look at that scumbag. He doesn’t even age.

The Hunter was the silver-haired young man I had seen in Shiny’s trauma.

“Lefanta Aegim…” I murmured.

Lefanta Aegim, the Constellation Murderer, tilted his head in confusion as he sheathed his sword. His bright blue eyes, like newborn stars, were on me. “Do you know me?”

* * *

1. The Guardian is talking about how similar 씨발(sibal), which means fuck, and eighteen(sibpal) sound in Korean ☜

Chapter 126

The Demonic Realm (2)

The moment I saw the Constellation Murderer’s eyes, I was speechless for a moment.

What kind of eyes are those? I wondered.

I had met all kinds of people so far. I had met someone who used to wield a sword colder than a snowfield. Another person I had met used to have a heart colder than silver. However, the gaze of the man in front of me was unlike anything I had never seen before.

They were expressionless, like white papers. There was not even a trace of emotion in them. It was as if, deep down, he was empty, devoid of emotion.

“Uh…”

I was wondering what to say, but the holy sword responded faster than me.

[Shiny feels touched to meet her former master after such a long time!]

[Shiny, however, still does not understand why her former owner betrayed her.]

[Shiny wonders if she should be consumed by anger before feeling touched!]

The Constellation Murderer looked down at my waist. There, the holy sword was trembling, violently expressing herself.

“You have a unique sword,” he said. His eyes now had a hint of curiosity. “Is it a magic sword? Or is it a sword with an ego of its own? It’s best to hide your unique items here as much as possible, stranger. Many hyenas here target the Skills and items of beginners who have just entered the fiftieth floor.”

I was puzzled. This whole interaction was strange. The Constellation Murderer was talking as if he was seeing the Goddess of Protection for the first time. If the young man in front of me was the real Constellation Murderer, there was no way he couldn’t see through this holy sword.

I unfastened the holy sword from my belt and showed it to the Constellation Murderer. “Hey. Do you recognize this sword by any chance?”

When I slightly pulled out the sword, bright smooth light flowed out. However, even after facing the light of the holy sword and the trace of the Constellation who used to be his loyal subordinate, the Constellation Murderer narrowed his eyes as if he knew nothing.

“I don’t.” He tilted his statue-like head to the side. “By the looks of it, it seems to be an item that has something to do with me. But I don’t remember… No, actually, it’s wiser not to expect me to remember anything I’ve had ties with in the past.”

“What?”

With a calm expression, the Constellation Murderer said something unexpected. “I have amnesia, stranger. I don’t remember anything from more than a week ago.”

* * *

The Constellation Murderer then guided me away. “It’s dangerous to continue talking in a wasteland like this. Follow me. I know a relatively safe bar.”

Since it was my first time setting foot on the fiftieth floor, I calmly followed his guidance.

“Hey…”

“Look over there. It’s the Constellation Murderer.”

On the way to the bar, we ran into some Hunters. Perhaps all of them had exceptional combat prowess. But even those Hunters hurriedly stepped back, shaking once they saw the Constellation Murderer.

“What is that maniac up to again…”

“Will the Spiders of the Magic Tower be quiet today?”

“Shh. It’s better not to have anything to do with that guy……”

It wasn’t just Hunters who were whispering.

[The Lonely Seeker is intrigued by a being he has never seen before.]

[The Labyrinth-Dwelling Eye expresses caution toward the Constellation Murderer’s companion.]

[The Eternal Plains Warhorse recognizes you.]

[The Surface-Reflected Lotus is observing you.]

Numerous Constellations were watching me and the Constellation Murderer. The Constellations I had met so far were limited to the rulers of each floor. No other Constellation had tried to talk to me. However, it looked like that changed starting from the fiftieth floor. Constellations I had never heard of before suddenly revealed themselves.

“Bothersome.” The Constellation Murderer also seemed to have sensed them. With a cold voice, he said, “All of you, get lost. If a Constellation continues to bother me, I will find their apostle and kill them. Keep at it if anyone wants war. This is my final warning.”

The Constellations’ messages abruptly stopped coming. The pressuring air around us became lighter.

“They’re noisier than usual…” The Constellation Murderer sighed softly and looked at me. “It seems some of them are interested in you. Stranger, have you done something to these Constellations?”

“Uh, I once killed an apostle of the Eternal Plains Warhorse.”

“An apostle of Mahos?” The Constellation Murderer took out an old notebook from his pocket and read something, his eyebrows arched in surprise. “You’re more skilled than you look. Every one of Mahos’ apostles is excellent in combat. And they’re under this annoying blessing. The apostle surely was a difficult opponent… How did you kill them?”

“That is something I have to talk about too.”

We went into an open-air bar, which he described as relatively safe. There were no walls. Only tables and a bar counter were outside. Funnily enough, a door was still standing.

“This is a safe bar?”

The Constellation Murderer calmly talked about the advantages of this location. “There are no walls to block my view. Even if I’m attacked, I can retreat at any time. There is no risk of being trapped inside if a terrorist attack happens. One downside is that I’m vulnerable to snipers. Bartender, give me the usual.”

A bald bartender muttered a curse. “Hey, are you aware that it’s your fault this bar became open-air? It was blown up because of you…”

The Constellation Murderer calmly sat by the table. “Sorry. I don’t remember.”

The bartender turned to me. “Young man, I don’t know what your deal is, but don’t get involved with this maniac. Over six hundred Hunters around here are just waiting for the right moment to kill him. Don’t get involved unless you have a death wish.”

The Constellation Murderer took out his notebook again. “To be exact, 1,127 Hunters want to kill me, but there are only three who are actually capable of threatening me. One of them went missing 154 years ago, and I haven’t heard about him since. Strictly speaking, the stranger would be safer with me than traveling without me.”

The bald bartender looked fed up with the Constellation Murderer. “Nuthead…”

Apparently, the Constellation Murderer was famous for being a lunatic on the fiftieth floor.

“So, what do you have to talk to me about?” he asked me.

“It’s a bit awkward to say this since you have amnesia.”

I slowly told him what I had experienced so far.

The Aegim Empire he had founded was almost destroyed. The cause of the destruction was none other than the fact that he had sealed the Goddess of Protection, giving the Demon King of Autumn Rain a chance to emerge. Because of what he did, the world of the Chronicles of the Heavenly Demon was destroyed, and the Story of Sormwin Academy had also been in danger. I told him everything.

The Constellation Murderer listened to me attentively while drinking a mysterious red drink. His expression didn’t change as I went on. He just occasionally took out his notebook and checked stuff there.

He nodded. “I see. I verified your story through the diary, and most of what you said seems to be true.”

“The diary?”

“It’s where I store my memories.” The Constellation Murderer showed me the notebook which was filled with words. “It may look like an ordinary notebook, but even if it looks like this, it’s a relic of the Constellation known as the Great Puppy. It has an infinite number of pages and a search function. It’s quite convenient. I write down what I did in this notebook every day. Thanks to this, I’m still holding on to my life even though I suffer from amnesia.”

“As you said,” the Constellation Murderer continued curtly, as if he was talking about someone else’s life, “It looks like I did build a country called the Aegim Empire. In the empire, I sealed the Goddess of Protection, the Constellation who had been with me for a long time. The world called Heavenly Demon Chronicle that you mentioned is similar to the world recorded on page 236. I killed the Yellow Dragon of the Great Lake. The world called the Story of Sormwin Academy is similar to the place recorded on page 3215.”

“…”

“The goddess’ fragment that was passed down as an heirloom is… Prayer, isn’t it? I once bedded a woman in that world. There is a high possibility that the woman you met, Raviel Ivansia, is a distant descendant of that woman and me. You said she has silver hair like me… so that’s probably true. It’s quite a coincidence. One possibility to consider is that you might have Skills like Cringe History Reveal or Historian and used it to see my past.”

Something… Something wasn’t right.

“However, I don’t have a past for someone to read. It’s possible that you stole this relic and read what’s on it, but it’s written in a code that only I can understand. Hence, stranger, I acknowledge that everything that you said is true.”

I came here to hold the man in front of me accountable for his wrongdoings, to confidently say that countless people had been sacrificed. Innocent people were harmed because of his so-called principles. But what was this? How was I supposed to hold him accountable for something that he didn’t even remember?

“So, what reward do you want from me?” he asked.

Anger began to stir in my heart. “Reward?”

“I’m talking about the reward for pointing out my mistakes.”

“Do you know what you did wrong?”

“Of course,” the Constellation Murderer answered. “I made two mistakes. First, I didn’t consider the possibility of a new Constellation being born again in a world where a Constellation perished. The second mistake is that I underestimated how bad of a curse a Constellation can cast on their world upon their death.”

“Is that all?”

“I had it written down that a Constellation’s death can lead to different Constellations invading the world. Still, no matter how many worlds a Constellation rules, their reign will ultimately end if I kill them. There is no problem in reducing the number of Constellations in the long run. Therefore, my mistakes could be summarized into the two oversights I mentioned earlier.”

After finishing speaking, the Constellation Murderer took out a pen and scribbled something in his notebook.

“Done. I won’t make the same mistake in the future. To express my gratitude for your advice, I offer a reward.”

Advice… Gratitude…

I shut my eyes. “The commoners who lived in gangho turned into jiangshi and died.”

The holy sword, which was sitting on my belt and had been quietly listening to our conversation, trembled.

My rising anger made my voice louder. “An old man from gangho launched a boat to drown himself despite already being on the verge of death, saying he didn’t want to cause problems for others. A child of the Beggar Gang struggled to survive and protect her siblings until the end.”

“…”

I looked straight into his eyes. “Each of their deaths couldn’t have been more horrifying. So let me ask you something, Constellation Murderer. What do you think about that?”

“Nothing,” the Constellation Murderer replied. “As I said, it was definitely my fault for not considering the aftereffects of a Constellation’s death. But mistakes are bound to happen. All I can do is to compensate you for pointing out my mistakes.”

“Ha.” My red aura around me became a little darker. “Then, will you let me kill you here as my reward?”

The Constellation Murderer shook his head. “That is a reward I can’t give. I have a duty to eradicate all Constellations. Until I fulfill that duty, I have to go on.”

It felt like I was talking to a machine.

Shiny kept on trembling.

“What a great sense of duty you got there. Why did you decide to do this in the first place?”

“I can’t answer that,” the Constellation Murderer said monotonously.

“I knew you would say that. Why? Do you think I won’t understand this noble duty of yours?”

“I can’t answer that either.”

“Yeah, yeah.” I coldly glared at him. “Then can you at least answer me this? You say you need to eradicate all Constellations, so why are you using a Constellation’s relic? Things don’t seem to add up.”

“That is a question I can answer. I plan to destroy it after eradicating all other Constellations.”

“You learned from the incident of the Demon King of Autumn Rain that even if you kill a Constellation, another one will be born in its stead. What are you going to do about that?”

“I have a plan.”

“And what would that be?”

“I can’t tell you.” The Constellation Murderer looked at the diary. “We sidetracked for too long. Let’s go back to the main topic.”

“This is my main topic.”

“It’s not mine. Tell me what reward you want. As I said before, I can’t let you kill me because I haven’t completed my duty yet.” He seemed to be reading the first page of the diary. “I can’t quit. I’m nothing if I abandon my duty.”

The first page would be what he had written before he lost all his memories.

“So tell me something else that you want. I’ll give it to you.”

Yes, not many things in the universe could be resolved by having a conversation. I reached for my dagger but stopped midway. Instead, I took out the handkerchief that had been neatly tucked away in my inner pocket. I briefly buried my nose in the handkerchief that had Raviel’s scent on it.

“Okay.”

My anger subsided a bit. I quickly started thinking. The Hunter in front of me was incomparably more powerful than me, so how could I hunt him? I soon came up with an answer.

“Then, please do me a favor.”

It was actually simple. This wasn’t my first time hunting a stronger Hunter than myself.

“What is it?”

“Please protect me no matter what happens while I’m on the fiftieth floor.” I put my handkerchief back in my pocket. “I’m not just asking you to protect my life. Please protect me both physically and mentally. Of course, I forbid you to use any tricks to force me out of the fiftieth floor.”

“You’re asking me to be your bodyguard?”

“Something like that.”

The Constellation Murderer got lost in thought as he tapped his fountain pen on the table. After a moment, he muttered, “I’m not sure what you’re thinking. After listening to your story so far, you seem like an extremely righteous human. Not only are you just, but you’re also smart and have high combat prowess. Your proposal doesn’t fit your character.”

“Aha, so you’re saying you can’t do this for me either?” I scoffed. “You can’t die, abandon your duty, or protect me on the fiftieth floor? That’s awesome. What in the world can you give me as a reward then?”

“I’m just concerned about possible traps in your proposal.”

“Even if there is a trap, what’s wrong with that? You seem confident in your skills. Do your best to break out of my trap.”

The Constellation Murderer stared down at the diary, moving his fountain pen. He carefully left his trace of life in the diary. “Okay. I’ll write your proposal on page 1. Until the end of my life, your proposal will drive the logic of my thoughts and actions.”

Alright, I got him. I turned back to the Guardian. Mr. Sword Emperor.

—Yeah?

You said that you knocked down one of the Magic Tower’s buildings one hundred and fifty years ago.

As soon as the Guardian and I landed here, he had pointed to the high towers stretching into the gray sky and mentioned that.

The Guardian fervently nodded.

—Yes, I did. There are many accomplishments in my life that I’m proud of, and that is among my top six.

What did you say when you knocked it down? Do you remember?

—Ooooof course! I remember every single word.

He sneered.

—”Hello, idiots! You should air out your rooms every now and then. If you stay in your rooms all day and night, it messes with your brains, you guys. Well, I’m feeling generous today! So I’ll remodel your place for free today! Hehe.”

While recalling the glory of the past, the Guardian suddenly tilted his head.

—But why are you asking me that? What are you up to?

I turned my head and stared at the towers.

—Huh? Hey, Zombie.

The Guardian called out from the side.

—I told you not to look there. They sense you if you look at the towers for more than twenty-three seconds. You’ll never be able to handle those guys at your level. Or what? Are you trying to ask them to get rid of the Constellation Murderer? Come on. Even they won’t pounce on a guy like him. If they fight, it’s a loss for both sides.

I continued to look at the sky-high towers in the distance.

—Huuuuuuh? Kim Zombie! Look away right now!

But it was already too late.

—Ah, ah. Mic check. Mic check. Who are you over there? What are you looking at?

I heard a telepathic message in my head; just like the Guardian had warned, the Magic Tower sensed my gaze.

—From the looks of it, you look like a kid who hasn’t even graduated from beginner level. You’re a first-time offender, so I’ll let it slide. If you want to walk around this neighborhood with your head on your shoulders, stop looking over here.

The voice was very lethargic. The person talking sounded like a civil servant who obviously didn’t want to work.

—Oh, you’re with that maniac who is hellbent on killing Star Signs. Hehe. How unlucky. Do you want help? Right now, I can send you an instant escape magic scroll in return for a thirty-year subordination contract.

“Hello, idiots!” I said.

—Hmm? You asshat, do you have ramen noodles for your brain? Who…

“You should air out your rooms every now and then. If you stay in your rooms all day and night, it messes with your brains, you guys. “

—…

“Well, I’m feeling generous today. So I’ll remodel your place for free today. Hehe.”

I was met with complete silence. Only the Guardian was muttering absentmindedly.

—Holy wackadoodle.

Creaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaak!

A tearing noise erupted from the five towers. It was as if five fingernails were scratching the sky.

Clatter!

The bald bartender dropped the glass he was holding, startled. The Hunters walking down the street also covered their ears.

“W-what is it?”

“What’s happening now…”

A thunderous voice echoed in the gray sky. Dumbfounded, all the Hunters looked up.

“Sword Emperoooooooooooooor! You’re back! I knew you would come back someday! Even when all the Constellations said you were dead, we had no doubt that you were a son of a bitch who would never stay dead even if you did indeed die. Did you possess someone or get reincarnated? Oh, forget it! It doesn’t matter either way!

“We’ll kill you! We’ll kill you no matter what! We’ll tear your soul to pieces, scatter them all over the universe, and shit all over them! We’ll kill you! We’ll kill you!!! We’ll kill you, right now! In the name and history of the Magic Tower, I swear we’ll chase you all the way to hell!”

Hundreds, thousands, no, tens of thousands of shadows rose from the towers. They made a formation in the sky, all on broomsticks.

“Now.” I glanced back at the Constellation Murderer, who looked at me with an expressionless face. “You promised, right?”

“…”

“Please protect me.”

A meteor shower poured down from the sky.

Chapter 127

The Demonic Realm (3)

“I see.” The Constellation Murderer nodded. “I now understand the logic behind your actions. You concluded that it’s impossible to defeat me on your own, so you brought in foreign forces. You seemed to be a simple beginner who just arrived at the fiftieth floor, so I thought you wouldn’t pull off something like this…”

Swooooosh!

Even as the Constellation Murderer spoke, countless meteors tore through the gray sky. They had been shot from extremely far away and made up of an enormous amount of mana.

The meteors were getting closer and closer, but the Constellation Murderer didn’t seem to care. He simply scribbled down in his diary using his fountain pen.

“This is my mistake. From now on, even when dealing with beginners, I’ll keep the possible intervention of powerful foreign forces in mind.”

Swoosh, swoosh!

“The fuck? Run!”

“Are the Spiders high today?!”

The nearby Hunters reacted faster than the Constellation Murderer. They immediately tore up teleportation magic scrolls, a seemingly must-have item for those living on the fiftieth floor. The bald bartender did the same. Right before he ran away, he turned to scream at the Constellation Murderer and me.

“Hey! Constellation Murderer! I’m going to charge you for renovations again, so don’t forget to write that down! You better pay for the scroll too!”

“Okay. I wrote it down.” The Constellation Murderer closed the diary. “Because I made a vow, I’ll do my best to protect you, stranger.”

The meteors were right in front of us.

Thud! Booom!

An indiscriminate bombardment destroyed the streets. Just as the storm of destruction was about to hit the open-air bar, someone grabbed my wrist.

“Maximum Vision and Auditory Enhancement. I give up one hour of my memories in return,” the Constellation Murderer muttered.

And then a miracle happened.

The meteors were so big they covered the sky, but the Constellation Murderer dodged the barrage by only taking a slight step aside. One step, then two. Every time he pushed and pulled me by the wrist, a meteor narrowly passed us by.

An angry voice rang out from the sky. “Huh? Hey, you, Star Sign freak! What are you meddling in for?! Get lost!! The guy you’re with right now has bad blood with the Magic Tower! Unless you want to get on the bad side of the Great Staff, just move on already!”

“First, I ask you to resolve the conflict by having a conversation.”

The Constellation Murderer waved his right hand. The dust cloud created by the meteor shower cleared all at once. Both he and I were completely fine.

“What fucking conversation do you want us to have? Get lost, you nuthead!”

“I have to protect this stranger no matter what. That means I need to make sure the stranger is healthy both physically and mentally. There is no room for compromise here.” The Constellation Murderer took out the diary again with his left hand and read it. “The Magic Tower is an extremely selfish group. Because they are so selfish, they can negotiate based on their own interests and losses. I can cause serious damage to you. Negotiate with me.”

“That guy is our mortal enemy! MORTAL ENEMY!”

“All problems can be solved by having a rational conversation.”

“Hey! Hey! Guys! Does anyone know how many days of memories the Constellation Murderer has right now? Report, right now!”

In the sky, tens of thousands of wizards were riding on broomsticks. One of them answered, “My name is Hongboseok, and I’m part of the Permanent Surveillance Team! Chief, the Constellation Murderer’s memory count is at seven days!”

“Fuck. Of all possible days, he had to have all his seven days worth of memories today?”

The sound of teeth grinding echoed.

“That doesn’t matter! Eliminate the Constellation freak first! As of now, the Magic Tower is in a state of general mobilization! From the Thumb to the Little Finger, everyone in the Magic Tower must hunt down the Sword Emperor and the Constellation Murderer! I repeat, you punks! This is a general mobilization order!”

“I guess negotiations are off the table,” the Constellation Murderer muttered, flipping over the diary in his left hand. “Search: Magic Tower. Advanced Search: Combat. Keyword: Counter.”

The Constellation Murderer glanced at the diary and nodded. He took out a rubber band—a cheap, yellow rubber band that was common in the outside world—and tied up his long silver hair.

I watched him slowly tying his hair right next to me. It probably only took two seconds. However, I knew that short moment was one of the few rituals he still remembered.

“Time to fight,” the Constellation Murderer said quietly.

The tens of thousands of wizards in the sky were ready to take action.

“Kill them!”

“Flagholders, surround them!”

But not all the wizards charged.

“Singers, sing from the back!”

“Yes, Chief!”

The ring-like formations of wizards unfolded in the gray sky. There were a lot of them. Hundreds of wizards formed five circles and sang in unison. The chief’s formation joined them, and a six-layered melody rang out.

The Guardian mused.

—Oh. It’s been a while since I saw their Celestial Shadow Chant.

Celestial Shadow Chant?

—You see the five towers over there, right? A Constellation is sealed in the basement of each tower. Well, that’s what these guys claim, but “confined” is a better word. Anyway, those wizards borrow and manifest the power of these sealed Constellations in the form of a song. The effects are…

[Warning: You have been designated as the primary target of Area of Effect attacks.]

[Warning: Your aura damage has been reduced by fifty percent!]

[Warning: Your magic damage has been reduced by fifty percent!]

[Warning: Your mental defense has been reduced by fifty percent!]

[Warning: Any penalties you are under have been doubled.]

The Guardian nodded.

—Hmmm, yeah, something like that. The effects are kind of annoying as hell…

What the heck?

—This ability is called Spider Web. That’s why the wizards are called Spiders.

They were indeed a group of monsters that had been reigning on the fiftieth floor of the Tower for over a thousand years. They could significantly reduce their opponents’ powers before the fight even began. Yet the Guardian had torn apart that Spider Web one hundred and fifty years ago. He was more of a monster than they were.

“Attack Enhancement.”

The man who had fought that formidable monster was right in front of me.

“I give up my memories about the beauty of sunsets in return.”

Suddenly, a sword was summoned in the Constellation Murderer’s right hand. He took a step and swung his sword as if he were dancing.

The attack looked like a storm unfolding rather than a simple sword slash. The blue aura attack split the gray sky in two. One of the six ring-like formations in the sky was caught in the storm.

“G-Get back in formation! Get back!”

“Retreat!”

Hundreds of wizards dropped while screaming. One of them fell to the ground because he lost his balance on his broom. The cone hats that the wizards lost fluttered like black flower petals.

[The doubled penalty effect has been lifted.]

However, the Constellation Murderer didn’t stop. “Attack Enhancement. I give up my memories about the sound of rain falling from the sky.”

The sky was torn apart again.

[The reduced aura damage effect has been lifted!]

“That Constellation freak!”

“The Thumb Finger Ring has been destroyed! Same with the Index Finger Ring! We can’t maintain the formation!”

“Ch-Chief! It’s definitely reckless to fight the Constellation Murderer if he has an entire week’s worth of memories!”

“This fucking Constellation freak! Forget it! Just charge! Chaaaaaarge!”

The wizards shot fireballs and chunks of ice. Tree roots and weeds suddenly grew where the Constellation Murderer and I were standing, keeping us fixed in place. The air was boiling as a thick jungle arose from the roots. Fog spread out and obstructed our view. So many spells and miracles, too many to even mention, struck the two of us.

The Constellation Murderer held the diary in one hand and his sword in the other. “Attack Enhancement. I give up the memories of children’s smiles in return.”

All the spells and miracles were ripped apart.

[The reduced magic damage effect has been lifted!]

[The reduced mental defense effect has been lifted!]

[Your designation as the primary target of the Area of Effect attacks has been canceled.]

The fireballs and chunks of ice were destroyed. The tree roots were cut off and the weeds rotted. When a blue breeze swirled in the air, the jungle also disappeared. The fog cleared, revealing groaning wizards.

“The Middle Finger Ring has been destroyed! The Right Finger and the Little Finger Rings have also been destroyed!”

“We can’t continue our Celestial Shadow Chant anymore, Chief.”

“That guy’s attacks exploit our rings’ weak points!”

“Fuck…! Which son of a bitch sold to this idiot all the confidential information…?”

I blankly watched the fight unfold right in front of me.

The wizards attacked tenaciously, but it was no use. The Constellation Murderer was fighting, throwing away memories of the drink he just had, the street he walked down the day before, and other trivial memories.

One Hunter was facing tens of thousands of wizards.

The Guardian chuckled lightly.

—What do you think? This is the complete opposite of your fighting style, right? What the Constellation Murderer uses is also a type of demonic art. Zombie, the Demonic Heaven Arts you use are based on your memories, like that of hunger and solitude… The Constellation Murderer is the opposite. He throws away his memories. Take a close look. You will also experience such a fight someday.

The Constellation Murderer’s fighting style was quiet but desperate. “I give up the memories of taking a walk under the gentle sky.”

He threw away his memories one by one. His tone was plain, and his sword strokes were simple. In that regard, the fight wasn’t that noisy.

“I give up the memories of human’s agonizing screams.”

However, each memory the Constellation Murderer threw away was by no means light. As the fight lasted, the memories he had been holding onto were unleashed, like boxes being opened one after another. They were like Pandora’s boxes, their contents evaporating once opened.

The Guardian went on.

—The Constellation Murderer lives with a week’s worth of memories at most and a day’s worth at least. He doesn’t really remember anything for more than a week. Every time he accumulates a week’s worth of memories, he goes off to hunt a Constellation. To put it briefly, just one week of memories is enough for him to do that.

I didn’t know how to reply.

—He said he has amnesia, but strictly speaking, he lied. That guy sacrifices his memories to do his job.

His life was his firewood. My holy sword trembled.

[Shiny can’t bear to watch her former master fight.]

[Shiny remembers that her former master didn’t use to fight like that.]

[Shiny is unsure when or why he became like that.]

The Magic Tower’s wizard army was exhausted now. Their formation broke down completely. At first, they repeatedly attacked the Constellation Murderer in an intricately-designed formation, but it looked like they reached their limit. The wizards only sporadically struck back.

“Ch-Chief, see? We can’t take on the Constellation Murderer fully doped with one week of his memories…”

“We did officially declare that he’s too OP in this state…”

“If you use any more of our mana, the damage will be enormous!”

“The surveillance teams have been messaging us like crazy. Chief, the Constellations have sensed something unusual and are keeping a close eye on us. There is a high chance that they will take advantage of how weak we are right now and initiate an invasion.”

The woman who appeared to be the leader of the wizards gritted her teeth. She took off her cone hat and crumpled it with her left hand, then glared at me with formidable anger in her eyes. “Sword Emperor… Sword Emperor, Sword Emperor, Sword Emperor!!!”

The Guardian shrugged.

—Wow, my death isn’t enough to kill my popularity. Look, Zombie. This is why being too awesome can become a problem.

“So you now have an alliance with the Constellation Murderer! I get it! Look forward to our next encounter! This was just a brawl, but we, the Magic Tower, will hunt you down for sure next time! We’ll stop at nothing!”

The wizards looked fed up.

“Wow… Chief, that’s a typical line from a loser who runs away…”

“Quiet. Don’t get on her nerves right now. She’ll turn you into a frog and eat you.”

The woman threw a punch into the air. “I’ll crush your ass next time!”

As the wizards all scattered and turned back, the Constellation Murderer said, “Wait, Magic Tower Master.”

“What?”

“I still have twenty-three hours of memories left. If I use twenty-two hours to strengthen my attack, it’s possible to destroy one of your towers.”

“Are you threatening us now?”

“Yes,” the Constellation Murderer said. “According to my records, you care a lot about saving face, Magic Tower Master. The fact that you couldn’t get rid of me even after issuing a general mobilization order is already a pretty big loss, but it’s nothing compared to losing your towers. Think carefully about my threat.”

The Magic Tower Master’s face crumpled.

“For the next seven days, I forbid any attack or manipulation involving me and this man. By attack and manipulation, I mean all actions that can harm us through both indirect and direct methods. I won’t allow you to make decisions anymore. If you can’t help yourself to make a move, ask me or him before you do anything. We’ll be making the decisions for you.”

“You fucking swordsmen are seriously pissing me off right now…”

“I’ll threaten you again. Accept this one-week truce.” The Constellation Murderer gripped his sword tighter. “If you don’t, I will tear one of your towers down.”

Silence fell over the devastated wasteland.

“You jerk… Consider your name added to the Magic Tower’s kill list.”

“Do you agree to the truce?”

When the Magic Tower Master clicked her tongue, a piece of golden sparkling paper appeared in front of the Constellation Murderer. He read the contract with an indifferent look, then took out his fountain pen to sign it.

“Nice negotiating with you. Now leave.”

“I’ll bury you together with the Sword Emperor, Constellation Murderer.”

“I will make sure to write down your threat.”
