	—But he’s already acting like he has all of the pain and sorrow of the world on his shoulders! Ha! Wake up and look at him! It’s too early for him to learn your cult’s teachings!

	The assault fell upon her like rain.

	—I’m going to teach him how to be happy.

	The torrent persisted.

	—I’ll teach him how to smile sincerely without a trace of pretense. He’ll learn how to lean against another person’s shoulders. He should know the moment when he’s so happy to be with someone that he doesn’t know what to do. That is how he can continue to be sad!

	“Are you…”

	It rained on the barren land. The dried-up riverbed slowly welled up with rain, washing away the corpses of fish on the banks. As frogs croak, morning glories opened their purple mouths to drink up the rain.

	“Are you trying to act like my disciple’s teacher?” Teacher gritted her teeth.

	Demonic Heaven Arts.

	Third Form:

	Drowning Death.

	—Yes, I am!

	The Guardian struck Teacher with his sword over and over like a monsoon.

	“How dare you covet my only direct disciple!”

	It was now midsummer. The rainy season had caused the river to overflow, and tens of thousands of red roses were carried away by its waters.

	—Don’t be ridiculous! I was supposed to be his teacher! That was my plan!

	A reservoir collapsed, drowning villages. The flood reached the foot of the mountains.

	Teacher and the Guardian charged toward each other, their footsteps left behind ripples on the surface of the water.

	—I taught him how to slit an orc’s throat! He learned how to use aura from me! That boy had zero talent in martial arts, so I had to spend an awfully long time to finally make him decent. A rogue sect boss comes out from nowhere and cuts in line!

	“What? A rogue sect?”

	—Yeah! What else can a demonic cult be?

	The two of them slid down the overflowing river. They chased and were chased. Lightly stepping on rose petal after rose petal, they cast their shadow over the river and the petals.

	—Wielding a sword is supposed to be fun!

	The smell of water and flowers was thick on that rainy day.

	—It’s too soon for Gong-Ja to learn the Demonic Heaven Arts! That swordplay is made from pain and created to wield a sword using your pain. You also have to be in pain to perform it properly. What the hell is that!? That’s too much even if it’s a demonic martial art! It’ll still be too soon to learn that even after he learns the joy of smelling flowers and the feeling of the summer rain on his skin!

	“Gong-Ja! My disciple! He was born to become the next leader of my cult!” Teacher screamed.

	—That is why I’m calling you a rogue sect, you rogue boss!

	There were now hundreds of millions of roses on the river; I couldn’t see the surface anymore. The world had turned into a red flower field.

	“■■■■, ■■■. ■■■■.”

	—■■■, ■■, ■■■■. ■■■!

	It was spring now. Red peonies fluttered in the sky.

	“…I will cut out your cervical acupoints with the sixth form of the Chaotic Peony Sword, the Disordered Blossom Sword.”

	Two petals were cut apart.

	—I take two steps away in the Snowy Orchid Steps.

	I could see it.

	“…I’ll send you flying with the seventh form of the Demonic Heaven Arts, Bludgeoning Death.”

	I could hear it.

	—I’ll counter that using Autumn Moonfall Strike, the fourth form of the Full Bloomed Sea Flower Strike.

	I could see both their swords and the peonies they crushed beneath their feet. I could smell the strong fragrance of the petals.

	Because I could see all of that now, I was able to tell that Teacher, the heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult, was losing.

	“…I’ll fight back using the eighth form of the Demonic Heaven Arts, Fire Death.”

	Teacher was covered in blood as red as the falling peonies.

	The difference in skill between Teacher and the Guardian was clear. No matter how much she tried to prolong the fight and run away, it was impossible to shake off the Guardian. As the price for attempting the impossible, Teacher bled from her arms, legs, and shoulders.

	—Hmm. The Guardian took up a form. I’ll parry that away using the Moonlit Arrival Sword, the first form of the Sunset Blossom Sword.

	Teacher’s breathing became slightly shallow. Her qi was running out, but attempting mutual destruction using her vital force would be too greedy.

	Her lips slowly parted. “I… I… had been unable to complete the last form of the Demonic Heaven Arts for one reason. Since I was young, the death ingrained in my heart had been freezing to death after being abandoned by my mother in the snowfield. That ending had been what I considered to be my death.”

	Teacher raised her sword high, pointing it up in the sky like a clock’s hand announcing noon.

	“Ironically, I was able to complete my ninth form of the Demonic Heaven Arts after the world was doomed. Whether I look up at the sky or walk beneath it, I am the only one who exists. Whish, whish, iwish. The world is winter, and a single candle is burning. My song is that of the world, and my death means the end of heaven and earth. It became white, it’s still white, and it’ll probably remain white.”

	Her sword sliced across the sky.

	“I’ll lay my Demonic Heaven on the snowfield and scream my last words.”

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	Ninth Form:

	Solitude Death.

	The sky of red flower petals split, and winter swept in and ended spring. Hundreds of millions of peonies became the same number of snowflakes, freezing the world.

	It was a lonely sword slash that sang the Heavenly Demon’s solitary death.

	—I see. The Guardian quietly looked up at the torrent of winter that was about to rush over him. Is dying alone your choice, Heavenly Demon? Yes, I must admit, it’s the perfect choice for the last martial artist of a doomed world.

	A lonely smile hung on the Guardian’s face.

	—But I know more about loneliness than you do. The Guardian tightened his grip on his sword. How long have you endured being alone in this world? Three years? Two years? No. You haven’t endured a single day. You always had the Murim Alliance's leader by your side. When he died, you lost your mind.

	His sword slowly drew a line.

	—I’m sorry, but I endured 130 years alone.

	Martial Arts,

	Form Zero:

	One Sword.

	Peonies bloomed again. Winter was over, and spring was brought back again. And then it was summer, fall…

	Fall, winter, spring, summer, summer, fall, fall, winter, spring, spring, spring, summer, fall, summer, fall, winter…

	Plum blossoms, peonies, roses, resurrection lilies, resurrection lilies, plum blossoms, peonies, roses…

	Red petals, red petals, red petals, red petals, winter, red petals, winter, winter…

	I… was… short of breath… I had to gasp for air. I couldn’t see or hear anything that had just happened.

	However, there was something more important than understanding the fight right now.

	“Teacher… Teacher, are you okay…? Are you okay?”

	She was staring up at the winter sky in silence. Her eyes were blank.

	My heart sank. I slowly grabbed Teacher’s hand and felt for her pulse several times. Her heart was beating. She was alive. She was still alive.

	“Teacher,” I said again.

	“I see. That is what it was all along,” Teacher breathed. Her dark eyes looked into mine. “Gong-Ja, my disciple, your only concern has been helping me all along.

	“You said that you came to visit me from outer murim because you heard my reputation and admired it… That was a lie. A total lie. Why didn’t I realize this before? My disciple isn’t the type of child who would be tempted by fame to cross the world…”

	Her voice became quieter and quieter.

	“Thank you. Were you happy to meet me?” Teacher asked.

	I nodded. “Yes.”

	“Will I be able to be remembered as a flower to you?”

	“Yes, Teacher.”

	“Can I ask what kind of flower that will be?”

	“A peony.” I hugged her more tightly. “I’ll remember you as a red peony, Teacher.”

	“Haha. It’s a beautiful one.” Teacher smiled, stroking my cheek. “It’s beautiful, my child…”

	She reached out her other hand toward the sky. Her movement was delicate and light, like a newborn bird flapping its wings.

	“My disciple…”

	Without a single sound, a snowy mountain was split into two. They stood there, tranquil, as if they had always been two.

	Teacher breathed out, clouding the air with white. She must be trying to have a white dream.

	“Teacher…” I buried my face on her shoulder. “Winter has been cut apart, Teacher… It’s been cut.”

	When the sound of her breathing stopped, the winter was cut apart by the person who had been born with the scent of snow.

Chapter 85

The Reader’s Heart (1)

	I held Teacher for a long time. Even when a person ceased to breathe, their body remained. That was why death was cruel.

	“Sir.”

	I heard someone calling me. The Heavenly Demon Cult’s elite demons in their black martial arts uniforms were surrounding me. Even while I was silently holding Teacher in my arms, the Great War of Good and Evil had continued; the Heavenly Demon Cult won the war.

	“We were in the middle of the battle, so we couldn’t afford to ask you. But many of us heard Lady Heavenly Demon calling you her disciple. Is it possible that you were chosen as her heir?” one of the demons asked, visibly nervous.

	I looked around. All of the cultists who had survived the war were looking at me. Even the ones whom Teacher had called the Four Demon Kings were among them. Some of them had bloody noses and torn lips; one of them was only left with one arm. All of them were soaked in blood. They all made as little sound as possible as they waited for me to speak.

	“…I don’t know if I can be considered her heir.”

	“Didn’t Lady Heavenly Demon take you in as her disciple?”

	“That’s right.” I held Teacher’s cold body closer. “I’m her disciple.”

	The demon now looked even more serious. “If she really made you her direct disciple, she must have taught you the Demonic Heaven Arts. I’m aware it’s rude, but I beg you. Please show us a form of the Demonic Heaven Arts.”

	Even though his tone was polite, he was basically saying, “It’s difficult to believe you’re actually the Heavenly Demon’s disciple, so show me the evidence.”

	I was treated as Teacher’s heir just because I was her disciple. I realized why Teacher had been so hesitant to make me her disciple: now that the last warmth in Teacher’s body had disappeared from this world, I carried the mantle of the Heavenly Demon Cult.

	“…Okay. Will a demonstration of Starvation Death be enough?” I asked.

	“Yes. She often said she wouldn’t recognize anyone as her heir if they were lacking even a little bit. We may be unknown swordsmen, but we at least have the skill to observe and discern your sword, sir.”

	“Hey, what’s that Blood Demon motherfucker talking about?” one of the demons muttered.

	“You can’t even understand that? He’s saying that watching the first form of the Demonic Heaven Arts is enough to tell if that guy is Lady Heavenly Demon’s disciple.”

	“Really? But why is that asshole talking for us?”

	“Because he can be the most polite one among us. He’s from the Moyong Clan, although he’s their illegitimate son.”

	“What? That bastard used to be part of the Moyong Clan?”

	“Why are you surprised? It’s not like it’s the first time you’re hearing this. You’ve already heard this story dozens of times before… Yeah, yeah. Nevermind. A river is a river, a mountain is a mountain, and a knucklehead will still be a knucklehead no matter how many times you tell them the same story.”

	“What are you talking about?”

	“I’m saying that your mere existence is comparable to the Sichuang Tang Sect’s poison arts, Sword Demon King. In fact, I can feel it getting to me. Considering that I have the Thousand Poison Immunity, you are truly amazing.”

	“Oh? Is that a compliment?”

	“You fucking knucklehead.”

	The demon who was talking with me cleared his throat meaningfully, shooting a glare at the other demons whispering behind him. It carried the authority to silently pressure them into silence, but the Sword Demon King and the Ghostfire Demon King just tilted their heads.

	“What are you looking at? You wanna go for a round?”

	“I don’t like your face. Look somewhere else. Looking at your face makes me nauseous.”

	The demon turned back to me with a face that seemed to insist that nothing had just happened.

	I couldn’t help but laugh a little inside. Yeah, I thought to myself, that’s what this place is like.

	A demonic cult was where the uneducated would seek shelter. It was natural that most of the cultists didn’t know any manners. My teacher was unusually elegant.

	I didn’t want to swing any weapon while holding Teacher in my arms, so, without drawing the holy sword, I just held my aura in my left hand and moved it, demonstrating my sword on the snowfield.

	“Hunger is… the children waiting for the sunlight,” I muttered.

	All of the chattering demons fell silent, including the one who had been speaking for them. A deep valley had been dug through the snow like a gaping wound. I didn’t finish by showing them the first form. The second, third, fourth… I performed all of the forms I had mastered using my hand.

	It became even quieter around me.

	Perhaps it was because I had seen the intense battle between Teacher and the Guardian—each of my forms was sharper than before. This was also her legacy.

	“I wasn’t able to fully comprehend the remaining forms yet, so it’s embarrassing to show them. Will this be enough?”

	The representing demon kneeled on the snowfield. “Greetings to the new heaven of the Great Heavenly Demon Cult.”

	Following him, the Ghostfire Demon King, the Moonlight Demon King, and the Sword Demon King prostrated one after another. The snow was crushed under their knees. Soon, all of the cult followers who survived the Great War of Right and Evil placed their foreheads on the snowfield.

	“Greetings to the new heaven of the Great Heavenly Demon Cult, sir!”

	I slowly opened my mouth. “The title of Heavenly Demon is too much for me; I am already known as the Death King. Besides, I want Teacher’s title to be hers forever.”

	“Then…”

	“The position of the cult’s leader is also beyond my capacity.”

	I turned my head. The Guardian silently sat across from me with his eyes closed and his arms crossed. He was probably replaying the match he had with Teacher in his head.

	I looked at the Guardian for a moment before I said, “I still lack in many ways. How can I be your leader when I have nothing to teach you? The name would be empty if it becomes mine.”

	The Blood Demon seemed conflicted. “…Lady Heavenly Demon’s judgment has never been wrong when it comes to people. Since she accepted you as her direct disciple, I’m sure you’ll make a great leader.”

	“Thank you, but as the person in question, I believe that I’m still inadequate to carry the mantle of the Heavenly Demon Cult.”

	“T-then, how are we supposed to address you, sir! We can’t just call you sir forever…”

	“Young heaven,” someone blurted. “Can’t we just call you our young heaven?”

	It was the Ghostfire Demon King, the follower who had bluffed about letting the Shaolin abbot make three attacks first. His broken nose hadn’t fully healed, and a trace of dried blood was left on his nose.

	“In gangho, it’s common to have a young lord in a family. If you just feel uncomfortable with becoming our leader and aren’t necessarily refusing, then I believe it’ll be okay to call you Young Heaven and serve you.”

	I could accept that. I nodded. “Yes, we can do that.”

	The demons sighed in relief.

	“Young Heaven, I would like to formally express my gratitude. I don’t know what kind of profound sorcery you used, but I remember that we were all bitten by the jiangshi. If it weren’t for you, it would have been impossible to finish the Great War of Good and Evil and offer our loyalty to the Heavenly Demon one last time!” He offered me the bao quan salute. “I am the Blood Demon King. I and all of the Blood Demons pledge our loyalty to you, Young Heaven.”

	Following him, a dozen or so more demons offered their bao quan salute.

	“I, the Ghostfire Demon King, and all of the Requiem Unit swear our loyalty to Young Heaven.”

	“The Moonlight Demon King and all of the Deceased Shadow Unit vow our loyalty to Young Heaven.”

	“I’m the Sword Demon King! With my Execution Unit, I pledge my loyalty to you.”

	Dozens more gave me their bao quan salute.

	I slowly put down Teacher’s body. She harmonized with the snowfield like a flower blooming in the snowfield. I set the peony down and gave my bao quan salute to the demons.

	“I wish to the heavens for the doctrine of shadow to last as long as my life continues.”

	[The stage has been cleared.]

	[The Quest Remake the World (Book 1) has been cleared!]

	It felt like ages since I had heard that voice.

	[The twenty-second floor has been cleared today.]

	[Announcement.]

	[The twenty-second floor has been cleared today.]

	It had been ages since I had heard the voice.

	[Calculating the number of champions…]

	[The calculation has been completed.]

	I didn’t end my bao quan salute as I said, “Please take charge of Teacher’s funeral.”

	[Announcing the four champions.]

	Above the snow mountain, which Teacher had split into two, letters were engraved in the sky.

	Quest Completion Contribution List:

	First Place: Death King

	Second Place: Chemist

	Third Place: Viper

	Fourth Place: Medicine King

	“Please don’t make it grand. She wouldn’t want that. She would be happy if you just stayed until the end of the funeral, so please…”

	I didn’t complete my sentence. It wasn’t necessary. I couldn’t complete it, either—when I blinked, I was no longer on the snowfield.

	“Welcome back, Mr. Death King. I’ve been eagerly waiting for you!”

	I was back in the Great Library of All Life, and the Indoor Librarian, the Constellation, was looking at me with a smile.

	* * *

	“Congratulations!” The Indoor Librarian was in the air, his five-meter sleeves swaying like goldfish fins. “Hmm. The Heavenly Demon Chronicle ended with the word ‘please.’ ‘Please’ is used to plead to someone. Plead. Pray. A demonic cult calls that ‘whish.’ In a way, ‘please’ and ‘whish’ can be regarded as the same word. In that sense, it’s a very appropriate ending…”

	“Wait a minute.” I cut off the Indoor Librarian’s spiel because something felt off. This was my second time coming to the great library; I had even stayed up several nights reading here, so I was quite used to this place. However, something was very different from the last time.

	“…Why are all of the Hunters unconscious?” I asked.

	All of the Hunters that hadn’t been on the quest with me were lying on the floor,

	The corners of his mouth rose. “You don’t have to worry. I just put them to sleep for a while.”

	“You put them to sleep…?”

	“Yes, I used a harmless scent.”

	The Indoor Librarian stretched out his hands. Dozens of books were circling around the Constellation. Among them, there was one book titled Tale of the Lotus Scent City.

	“Many worlds communicate with words like yours, but there are worlds that communicate through songs or scents. In this apocalyptic book, people talk with the scent of anger, sadness, and joy. Naturally, there is also the scent of sleep.”

	I raised my guard.

	“Oh, please don’t look at me like that. I just made them quiet for a moment because I wanted to talk to you, Mr. Death King.”

	Talk?

	“What kind of conversation do you expect to have after knocking out my colleagues?”

	“Ah, ‘colleagues’. You’re just as expected, Mr. Death King! No one would blame you even if you called them deadweight, but you called them your colleagues with an unwavering voice. I can’t help but weep once again at your kind heart.

	“Every move you and your group made was shown here like a movie. The audience went through quite an emotional roller coaster as they watched it, so they would have welcomed you fervently.” The Indoor Librarian chuckled. “But that also meant that it would take a long time before I got my turn to talk to you unless I did something.”

	The Indoor Librarian shrugged. “I had to calm them down for a while to have a moment to talk. You don’t have to worry. I used the most mild means to put them to sleep.”

	I found it hard to believe him, so I quickly looked around and found the Black Witch. She was leaning against a bookshelf, her long hair draping down. I approached her and felt her pulse.

	Good. I sighed in relief.

	She looked relaxed, and her breathing was normal. After checking that my colleagues were all well and safe, I looked up at the Indoor Librarian. “…If you have something to talk about, let’s get it over with and wake the others up.”

	“Aren’t you in too much of a hurry? I’d like to spend more time with just the two of us. I summoned you back from the Heavenly Demon Chronicle on your own for a reason.”

	“I’m not done with my business on the twenty-second floor yet. I have a sword to find—”

	“Later.” The Indoor Librarian’s smile was like a half moon hung upside-down. “You can do that later.”

	I tensed. The Indoor Librarian looked small, so it was easy to underestimate him. However, he could summon strange monsters from other worlds at will—his book had swallowed up fifty Hunters at once.

	Even if I had learned the Demonic Heaven Arts, I would definitely lose if I fought him.

	I swallowed nervously. “…What do you want to talk about?”

	The Indoor Librarian’s smile grew. “I would like to have a very intimate talk.”

	He landed on the floor, his sleeves fluttering. As he approached me, he took scissors out of his sleeve.

	“Why scissors all of a sudden…?”

	“Your hair is quite long. I’ll trim it for you, Mr. Death King.” The Indoor Librarian stood on tiptoe and cut some hair—it wasn’t much, about half a handspan—off the back of my head and put it in a red silk pouch.

	“Your nails are also long. That’s a big problem for a martial artist. I’ll cut them for you.” The Indoor Librarian took out a nail clipper this time and grabbed my right hand. He clipped all my nails from my thumb to my little finger; each nail went into a different silk pouch.

	“Excuse me, sir?”

	“Yes?” The Indoor Librarian answered.

	“What are you doing?”

	“Mr. Death King. ” The Indoor Librarian bent forward and kneeled on the floor. He took off my shoes as if it was his job. “Let’s say you really, really, really like someone. You like them so much.”

	“…I’ll try, but why?”

	“There is nothing about that person I don’t like. It’s love, pure love. The problem is that this person doesn’t exist in reality, only in a novel.” The Indoor Librarian took off my socks next. “But, voila! A miracle brought my ideal novel character in front of me.”

	“Uh…”

	“Now, how would you feel if that was you, Mr. Death King?” the Indoor Librarian asked seriously. He was holding a toenail clipper now.

	“Yes, that is what that is. That is what that is…”

	What was what?

	“O-oh! Please don’t move! What are you doing? If you move, I might leave an ugly wound on your beautiful toes with my toenail clippers! That would be a disaster!”

	“What are you getting mad at me for! Get away from me right now!”

	“Wait! Wait! I’ll just cut off one little toenail and be done with it! One toenail! Isn’t that enough of a compromise?”

	“What is wrong with you? Did the moon hit your head, you Constellation?!”

	“Ah! Ah! If you can’t give me your toenail, I’ll settle with three hairs from your eyebrows!”

	Only then did I realize where this off feeling was coming from.

	“You didn’t used to be this servile!”

	Yes, the Indoor Constellation used to talk in an authoritative way. That was definitely how he had been, but now he was polite with me for some inexplicable reason.

	“Act like your usual self!” I shouted.

	The Indoor Librarian’s lip trembled. “That’s ridiculous! H-how dare a lowly being like me talk to you like that, Shining-Ja!”

	What the hell?

	[The Indoor Librarian wants your little toenail.]

	What the fuck? I screamed internally. Show me the character window!

	As I resisted yielding my toenail to the Indoor Librarian, letters appeared before my eyes.

	Name: Indoor Librarian

	Affection: 95

	Liked genres: Fusion fantasy, romance, mystery, adventure, horror, history, war, sports, SF, mythology, fairy tale…

	Disliked genre: None

	Liked characters: Characters, the Constellation Murderer.

	Disliked character: None

	Liked plot: Stories

	Disliked plot: Discontinued serialization

	State of Mind: Toenails! I should also get eyebrows if possible! Ah, I want to ask him to grow a beard so I can pluck out some. But even I don't think that’ll be possible. Ah, Shining-Ja. You’re shining briiiiight! You’re a brilliant protagonist! I want to make you into a bookmark and keep you forever!

	Fuck me.

Chapter 86

The Reader’s Heart (2)

	It was creepy. His Affection toward me was ninety-five. Now I knew what happened to someone when their Affection reached ninety-five.

	“Shining-Ja! Before I met you, I was nothing more than a blind man!” the Indoor Librarian shouted, fondling my foot. “I was as good as deaf before I heard your lines!”

	The Indoor Librarian’s eyes lit up as he tried to cut my toenail using the clipper. “You’re my light! You’re my music!”

	His eyes were terrifying.

	“Since your name is Gong-Ja, I’ll gladly convert to Confucianism[1]! I’ll become your scholar! Isn’t it wonderful to learn and to practice? Isn’t it a pleasure to have friends visit from afar? Even when others don’t recognize your efforts, you’re a noble man if you don’t get angry![2] Starting today, I’m a Confucian scholar who serves you, Mr. Gong-Ja!”

	“Hey. For god’s sake! Hey!”

	What kind of crackhead scholar went for someone’s toenail? I wanted to ask him that question, but there was something about his eyes that made me stop. His eyes and his heavy breathing made me realize that no matter what I said, it was going to go in one ear and out the other.

	“If you keep doing this, I’m not going to enter another apocalyptic book,” I warned him.

	The Indoor Librarian stopped talking. The creepy part was that even though he was silent, he still fondled my foot. Was he crazy?

	“…That’s a solid threat,” he mumbled, like a scholar confronting a great conundrum. “It’ll work on me.”

	I was relieved to hear that it’d worked.

	“But that’s impossible, considering your character analysis.”

	What? Character analysis?

	“You know that the other apocalyptic books have those who wither away like the Heavenly Demon for an unfair reason. Given your personality, you have to help those people. By your nature, you can’t resist the urge.” The Indoor Librarian smiled. “Don’t underestimate your fan, Mr. Gong-Ja. I know you better than yourself! I can write two pages about which hand you used and how you looked as you ate your grain pill on the first day of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle…”

	He was definitely crazy. Not a single thing about him was sane.

	“Now, Mr. Gong-Ja, just hand it over! You have to give me this at least! You know, I’m being incredibly conscientious by not using the sleeping scent to put you to sleep, Mr. Gong-Ja.”

	“Your conscience surprises me too,” I answered sourly.

	“You probably don’t understand because you’ve never stanned for someone. Oh, what a tragedy! How miserable is life if you’ve never found someone to stan? Such a person’s heart must be ice cold. Still, I should understand you, Shining-Ja—”

	“Step away before I say I hate you.”

	The Indoor Librarian actually froze.

	“Take five steps away from me. If you don’t, I’m really going to say it.” I put my hand between me and him.

	The Indoor Librarian quietly stepped back.

	“Please act like your usual self. It’s grossing me out, honestly. And please give me back my hair and fingernails.”

	“No! You can’t do this to me!” The Indoor Librarian’s tone became authoritative again as he cradled the silk pouches against his chest morosely. “You should just cut off my head instead! No, wait a minute, Gong-Ja. I was just being dramatic. Please don’t actually think about whether or not you should really do it… You look like you’re really considering it, and that genuinely hurts me…”

	He looked like a discouraged hamster now.

	All in all, I had successfully calmed the Indoor Librarian down. After burning the creepy silk pouches—which caused him to scream terribly—he and I finally started to have a proper conversation.

	“It was incredible,” the Indoor Librarian commented. “What you did for the Heavenly Demon is truly admirable! Just becoming the Heavenly Demon’s disciple could have been your ending, but you didn’t stop there! The final battle of the Great War of Good and Evil… And the best match of her lifetime… Oh, it was like tasting a sweet shaved ice with chocolate ice cream on top.”

	“Then is the world of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle the Tower’s twenty-second floor now?”

	The Indoor Librarian smiled brightly. “Yes, it is. Other hunters can also freely go in and out of the twenty-second floor. They can also learn Skills by reading the martial arts manuals in the Heavenly Martial Arts Hall. It’s all thanks to your accomplishments, Gong-Ja.”

	“My time in the apocalyptic book gave me a question. I’m hoping you can answer this…” I rested my chin on my palm.

	“Ask me anything! I’ll answer almost anything!”

	“Stop trying to take off my shoes like it’s not a big deal. Why is the Heavenly Demon Chronicle an apocalyptic book?”

	The Indoor Librarian tilted his head, clearly confused by my question. “Why? Do you believe there should be a reason why the Heavenly Demon Chronicle is an apocalyptic book?”

	“I believe so.” I put my shoes back on. “Do you like happy endings, sir? Or do you prefer bad endings?”

	“That is a choice I can’t make,” the Indoor Librarian immediately answered. “An ending is the last port that characters reach during their lives. Life can be both happy and sad. It’s only natural for readers to wish for the characters happiness, but I want to embrace their sadness and failures too.”

	“So you’re saying that a bad ending is a proper ending too.”

	“Well, of course.”

	“That makes me wonder even more,” I said.

	He went around my back with scissors, so I grabbed his wrist and took the scissors away. He tried to take back the scissors, but he couldn’t reach them no matter how much he jumped up and down.

	“Even if I hadn’t intervened, the Heavenly Demon Chronicle met a proper ending, even though it was a bad one. Teacher worked hard and did her best with the Murim Alliance's leader until the end. Even if he died first and she went insane… that’s still the ending she reached.” I looked into the Indoor Librarian’s eyes. “Why is the Heavenly Demon Chronicle considered an apocalyptic book? Is it not considered a proper ending if the Murim Alliance's leader died and Teacher committed suicide after going insane?

	In truth, the question had been bugging me ever since I had seen the fairy tale named Our Victim. Regardless of whether I could accept the endings or not, those worlds seemed to have met their natural ends.

	The library was silent save for the sound of the unconscious Hunters’ breathing. While the Hunters’ chests rose and fell, the Indoor Librarian remained expressionless.

	“For some reason, I wanted to see a happy ending. Can that be the reason?”

	“If you didn’t like the ending, you could have rewritten it yourself,” I responded. “You’re strong. To a Hunter like me, you’re omnipotent, but you sent us instead of rewriting the book yourself.”

	In other words, this Constellation was a “reader.” He absolutely hated intervening in the story so he simply accepted it. By no means did he want to be an author—he would refuse even if he could, hence the “Indoor Librarian.”

	“Shall I do a character analysis on you too? There’s no way you would’ve classified them as apocalyptic books just because their endings were weird, not when you’re this thorough. There must be another reason why the Heavenly Demon Chronicle and the stories are classified as apocalyptic books.”

	“…You’re a difficult one, aren’t you?” The Indoor Librarian smiled bitterly. “Follow me.”

	He grabbed my hand and used his other hand to grab the Heavenly Demon Chronicle.

	“…I’ll tell you the truth behind the apocalyptic books.”

	The Constellation opened the book and I was blinded by its light.

	* * *

	When I opened my eyes again, we were back in the world of snow. There was no need to walk across the snowfield—the Indoor Librarian was still holding my hand, so we flew through the winter sky, his long sleeves flapping like a seagull's wings.

	“If… If the zombie virus was created in the Heavenly Demon Chronicle… If it really was… I would never have classified this world as an apocalyptic book, like you said.”

	We passed over the snowy mountains.

	“That means…” I trailed off.

	“It wasn’t. The zombie virus is a plague that came entirely from the outside world. It’s like the New World getting invaded by an outside force.” The Indoor Librarian let out a puff of white breath. “Over there. We can see it now.”

	He was pointing at a towering mountain peak, the holy peak of this world. Something huge was sitting atop it.

	[Shiny has sensed an ominous presence.]

	The holy sword hanging on my belt trembled.

	“Oh, your sword seems to feel it too,” the librarian noticed. “It’s not strange. Your sword used to be a complete Constellation too. People tend to recognize people in similar situations quickly.”

	“By a similar situation, you mean…”

	“Gong-Ja, have you ever seen a Constellation’s fall?”

	I had Preta, who had fallen from being a Constellation named the Demon King of Autumn Rain.

	“Yes, I have.”

	“Then have you also seen a dead Constellation’s body?”

	“…”

	“…I knew it.” The Indoor Librarian smiled sadly. “It’s quite a rare sight, so take a good look at it while you have the chance.”

	On the mountain peak lay a dead dragon. His skin, once as smooth as silk, was burned black while his horns crumbled like coal dust. His cintamani was buried in the snow in two pieces.

	[Shiny has detected her sister’s presence.]

	And a sword was embedded in the center of his chest.

	[Shiny says that is Sympathy, her second sister sword!]

	Cloudy black energy flowed out from the sword. It could be considered aura, but it wasn’t normal. It was something similar to, and possibly even more chaotic, than the wastewater which the Demon King of Autumn Rain had used to cover herself. The chaotic energy enveloping the dragon spread all over the peak. When snowflakes fell on the mountain peak, the energy immediately infected them and turned them black.

	—It hurts… I hate…

	The black dragon’s eyes lacked all light, but a groan continued to leak out of his mouth.

	—It hurts. It hurts… It hurts. I hate. It hurts. It stings…

	For a moment, I was speechless.

	“…Didn’t you say that Constellation was dead?” I asked. “He’s still alive.”

	“He is dead. What you see and hear from that is the dead’s grudge. When you’re in the class of a Constellation, you can’t die peacefully. ”

	We landed on the peak where the black dragon was groaning without end. The Indoor Librarian looked at the demise of another Constellation pityingly.

	“The plague you and the others called a zombie virus is actually a curse.”

	“A curse…”

	“Yes, it’s the curse that this world’s Constellation, the Yellow Dragon of the Great Lake, left behind upon his death. His grudge can’t fade away and his corpse still remains even after his death, so he must endure pain. When people are infected by the curse, they become jiangshi.”

	I looked up at the dragon’s corpse.

	—It hurts…

	He was the plague’s host and the source of the curse. The disease that brought doom to this world started from that corpse. That dragon’s curse was basically the reason why Teacher had passed away.

	“…Someone killed him. The Constellation didn’t stab himself in the chest.”

	“Logically, you’re probably right.”

	“Who is the culprit?”

	“You already know who it is.”

	I ground my teeth. “Lefanta Aegim.”

	“That’s right.” The Indoor Librarian nodded. “His title is Constellation Murderer. He travels from world to world and kills Constellations.”

	Shiny had told me that a Constellation was a world’s representative.

	“A world that’s lost its Constellation is like a castle that lost its walls. It becomes increasingly prone to meeting such an unusual, abrupt demise.”

	The apocalyptic books in the Great Library of All Life were the worlds where their representatives died and all of the residents had disappeared.

	“Why does he kill Constellations out of nowhere? If he founded the Aegim Empire, he could just be the emperor of his country. Why does he go around and ruin worlds? They didn’t do anything to him.”

	“That is a question that I can’t answer.” The Indoor Librarian carefully observed my face. “I’m merely a reader. You said that I’m omnipotent, but that is not true. I may be omniscient, but I’m powerless. I can know the truth of worlds, but I don’t intervene in their affairs.”

	The Indoor Librarian suddenly pointed to my waist, abruptly shifting from his self-deprecating remarks.

	“But you are different.”

	His finger was pointed to the sword hung on my waist.

	“You can intervene and are intervening. Whether you want to or not, you are fixing what someone else ruined one by one. Once is a coincidence. Twice is fate. Three times is an inevitability. You saved the empire that the Constellation Murderer had abandoned, took in the Constellation that he split apart, and now you’re in the world that was destroyed because of him.

	“The measure he used to kill the Yellow Dragon of the Great Lake is vicious and cruel. Ordinary people can’t even touch that sword, but you can, Gong-Ja, You made an inevitability from the encounter of coincidence and fate.”

	I looked at the black dragon’s corpse again.

	Shiny.

	The holy sword trembled gently.

	[Shiny answers your call.]

	How can I take in your sister?

	[Shiny says that you have to draw her and touch the sister sword using her.]

	Good.

	I drew my sword and struck the sword embedded in the black dragon’s chest with it, slashing across the winter sky.

	[The Goddess of Protection is absorbing a piece of herself.]

	My sword was briefly enveloped in light.

* * *

	1. Just in case: Confucius is called Gongja in Korea. ☜

	2. The raw is 유붕자원방래, 불역낙호(有朋自遠方來, 不亦樂乎) The lines are from Analects, also known as the Sayings of Confucius. ☜

Chapter 87

The Reader’s Heart (3)

	Light flowed out of my sword and covered the black dragon.

	[Sympathy refuses to be absorbed!]

	But the energy around the black dragon resisted me fiercely. The black, poisonous energy spilled outward like sewage during the rainy season or a black panther suddenly jolted out of a peaceful sleep.

	[Sympathy is bewildered.]

	[Sympathy rebukes her sister.]

	[Sympathy demands to know if she betrayed Lefanta Aegim.]

	[The Goddess of Protection pacifies her sister.]

	The light of my holy sword and the black energy of the dragon blended together chaotically.

	[Sympathy demands that you show her that you’re qualified to be her new master.]

	Neither the white light or dark energy were ready to back down.

	[A Constellation is a formidable power.]

	[Their power should never be given to those who aren’t qualified.]

	[Sympathy has not recognized you as her new master.]

	I quietly looked at the sword embedded in the black dragon’s chest. “Yes, you have a point, but how am I supposed to prove that I’m qualified?”

	The black poisonous energy continued to leak out from the black dragon’s corpse. The energy, more venomous than it had ever been, took on the form of an angel who was seemingly made from dark water.

	[Sympathy says she is the fragment of the goddess’s sympathy.]

	[If you have proven that you can be someone’s idol… it is time you must prove that you can sympathize with someone.]

	The expressionless angel spread her wings. Even those were turbid and dripping with dark fluid.

	[Sympathy demands that you temporarily relinquish control of your body and mind to her.]

	“Why should I do that?” I asked.

	[Sympathy explains that she must peer into your memories.]

	The light emitted by the holy sword shone a little brighter.

	[The Goddess of Protection cannot agree with Sympathy’s statement.]

	[The Goddess of Protection believes that Sympathy will naturally understand that you are qualified to be their new master if they travel together, so there is no reason to take unnecessary risks.]

	“No, it’s okay.” I put away my sword. “I can’t have a sword on my waist that doesn’t trust me, even if it’s the finest sword in the world. It’ll put me on edge. Come! Come and steal my memories or whatever until you’re satisfied.”

	I spread my arms.

	[Sympathy tests your sympathy.]

	The angel’s huge wings covered me like a mother bird embracing her baby. In the darkness, scenes from my past played before me like dreams.

	“You’re kind, Mister.”

	The garden, consumed by flames.

	“Hold on a little longer. Hold on…”

	“You pitiful things…”

	A paradise engulfed in smoke.

	“The world has no meaning.”

	A snowy field where a certain red peony bloomed.

	“My disciple.”

	The garden, the paradise, and the snow were as gone as quickly as they had appeared.

	Sympathy hurriedly furled her wings, letting the light back in. She looked at me. The fragment of a Constellation still looked emotionless, but her black eyes peered out from underneath her eyebrows with a bewilderment which she couldn’t hide.

	—You…

	“I’m not perfect,” I said. “I’m weak to acts of goodwill. That is what I hope to receive, and I do go out of my way a little to get it. I really like compliments, so I work to look like a good person. That might be my weakness. I’m not perfect.”

	The Constellation fragment closed her mouth.

	“And so is your former master. I don’t know what grandiose mission Lefanta Aegim thinks he’s killing Constellations for. Maybe it’s a truly noble mission, but even so, I will hold him accountable for his wrongdoings.” I raised my sword and pointed it at the black angel. “If you think your former master was perfect and never did anything wrong, then don’t come with me. I don’t need a sword like that either.”

	The black angel slowly opened her mouth.

	—Are you going to kill Lefanta Aegim?

	“Yes, if he deserves to die.”

	—Can you promise that your personal feelings won’t affect your judgment?

	“I don’t know,” I said honestly. “My teacher is dead, and this world is ruined. Too many people are hurt and dead, so I don’t know. But I promise you that I’ll do my best not to let it happen. So if you think I’m going down the wrong path, do your best to set me on the right one. I’ll do my best, and you do yours. That’s what it means to be together, I think.”

	The black angel’s wings slowly fell apart.

	—Those whom I cut feel pain, but they’re never wounded or die. My ability is woundless pain.

	The angel collapsed entirely, returning to black fluid.

	—My new master, I vow to serve you to the best of my ability.

	The black fluid poured into the holy sword I held; the sword drank down the swirling flood like a thirsty fox in the desert.

	[The Goddess of Protection’s presence has become stronger.]

	—Oh, oh…

	The black dragon, the divine beast who used to be the Constellation of this world, moaned as even the sword embedded in his chest melted down and was absorbed into my sword.

	—Oh…

	The black dragon had been killed long ago, so he didn’t have anything to express. He simply moaned like an old man who had grown tired of life.

	—Ohhhhhh, ohhhh…

	The remnants of his horns crumbled away, and his scales melted like candle wax. The entire dragon was reduced into a puddle of black fluid.

	The divine beast that had reigned over an entire world had met his end.

	And then it was the winter’s turn to meet its demise. The perpetual snow covering the mountain collapsed like an avalanche. I was on the top of the mountain, so I could see all of the snow pouring down into the world.

	“Winter is the season of death.” The Indoor Librarian watched the snow go with me. “You’ve ended this lonely season.”

	The white avalanche rolled over the white world, but where it passed was no longer white. The new color of this world’s flesh was brown. After the long winter finally ended, the bare ground was revealed.

	Why did the spring wind smell so different from the winter wind? Did Teacher know where the scent of spring came from?

	“…Sir,” I said.

	“Go ahead.”

	“I have the stage clear reward that allows me to see people’s liked genres, plot points, characters, etcetera.”

	“I know.”

	The Indoor Librarian let out a short breath. Our breath was no longer frozen white.

	“I’m in charge of the twenty-first to thirtieth floors. The reward you received is what I prepared, so I know about it, of course.”

	“You have the Constellation Murderer as your liked character.”

	“I’m sure I do.”

	“Why do you like him? Lefanta Aegim goes around and kills Constellations. I would have understood if you didn’t like him, but I’m not sure why you’d have any reason to like him.”

	The Indoor Librarian closed his right eye. “Since it’s you, I’ll tell you. There’s this dream I’ve had for a long time.”

	“A dream?”

	“Yes! It’s to appear in the novel I like!” The Constellation’s eyes sparkled innocently.

	“…Isn’t it something you can do right now?” I asked, puzzled. “You can freely travel from apocalyptic book to apocalyptic book.”

	“Haha—you really don’t understand readers, do you? Intervening and showing up in a novel are a little different. Actually, they’re two entirely different matters.” The Indoor Librarian covered his mouth with his sleeves and laughed. “From the perspective of an apocalyptic book, I’m an alien substance that shouldn’t exist in that world, just like the Constellation Murderer that killed the dragon in this world.

	“That isn’t what I want to be in a novel. No, not at all. I want to appear as a proper character, like someone who has been in that world with the other characters from the very beginning! This is my dream as the reader of all life!”

	I still didn’t understand him.

	The Indoor Librarian noted my reaction and smiled. “Then I’ll ask you something, Gong-Ja. Why didn’t you kill the Heavenly Demon? The Heavenly Demon attained the level of Mind Kill at her last moment. If you had made her part of your monster legion, she would have been as reliable as any army, even though she wouldn’t be able to keep her power from before her death. She cared for you deeply, so she would have remained a faithful ally and a great teacher. So why didn’t you kill the Heavenly Demon?”

	“…I…”

	“Shh.” The Indoor Librarian raised his index finger and pressed it against my lips. “It’s okay. You don’t have to say it. I already understand why.”

	I could feel the pressure of his finger on my lips.

	“You didn’t want to meddle with the end your teacher reached. I feel the same way—I don’t want to intervene in the ends that the worlds met. We share the same heart…”

	The world had already melted up to the horizon. The sun shone on the lake that the thawing ice had revealed.

	“I refuse to intervene in a story, which leaves me only one way to become a character.”

	“…What is it?” I asked.

	“It’s simple if you think about it the other way around: instead of searching for a character in a novel, the character can come look for me.

	“Lefanta Aegim, the Constellation Murderer, constantly travels from world to world to kill Constellations,” he whispered. The Indoor Librarian smiled. “He’s bound to visit my Great Library of All Life one day to kill me.”

	He took a book out of his pocket. It looked more worn out than the other apocalyptic books, suggesting that he had taken it out and read it hundreds of times. The book's leather cover was worn and torn like the notebook of an old writer.

	The title, The Epic of Lefanta Aegim, was embossed in gold on the cover.

	“He’ll continue his story and stand before me someday by his own volition. On that day, I’ll finally appear in the story of The Epic of Lefanta Aegim. That is the day I’m waiting for.”

	“Even if the story will end with your death?”

	“Of course.” The Indoor Librarian looked down at the now snow-free ground and smiled widely. His sleeves fluttered like a dancing crane. “He’s the protagonist. Isn’t that the best epilogue I can ask for?”

	* * *

	Before returning to the library, I stopped to see the Heavenly Demon Cult followers. I really wanted to make sure that Teacher’s funeral was going well.

	“Ah, Young Heaven.”

	“Welcome!”

	“Welcome, Young Heaven.”

	The followers offered me their bao quan salute as soon as they saw me. However, I felt like they were disconcerted for some reason. It wasn’t just one or two people—all of them were.

	I tilted my head. “Is the funeral already over?”

	“N-no, Young Heaven. Umm, we haven’t started the funeral…”

	“Is something wrong?”

	The followers exchanged glances.

	“Well…”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon’s body has disappeared,” the Blood Demon King explained. He was one of the Four Demon Kings; Teacher often called him Blood Demon Senior Captain.

	“What?”

	“It’ll be faster to show you, Young Heaven.”

	I quickly followed the Blood Demon King to where I had laid Teacher’s body and was bewildered by what I saw.

	“All of the snow suddenly began to melt, and Lady Heavenly Demon’s body disappeared as well… I’m sorry. It happened so quickly that we didn’t have time to do anything about it.”

	The snow was gone, but her body was nowhere to be seen. It was nowhere to be found, no matter where I looked.

	“We think that because Lady Heavenly Demon’s vital energy was so pure, she naturally dissolved into nature after her death…”

	Crimson peonies in full bloom swayed where her arms, feet, and hair had rested.

	—This is incredible, the Guardian muttered. The Constellation of this world left behind nothing but a curse after he died, but your teacher left behind flowers. Your teacher is better than the so-called Constellation of this world.

	I approached the flower garden and bent down. I stroked the peony petals with my fingertips, feeling their red petals rubbing against my index finger.

	It was the first spring to bloom in this world.

	“Of course, we’re still preparing for the funeral,” the Blood Demon King said from behind me. “Young Heaven, please attend—”

	“No.” I shook my head. “It’s okay. Please don’t hold the funeral.”

	“Pardon?”

	“This’ll be enough.” I stood up and turned to the cultists. “I became the Young Heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult because I’m her heir, but I’m sure there are still some who can’t accept it. The principle of this cult is that the strongest takes all, so it’s only natural for the strongest person to rise to the highest position.

	“Let’s make our fight her funeral. It’s customary to offer precious items during a funeral, and our sword is what we value the most. So, let’s offer our swords to Teacher.” I laughed. “Bring it on.”

	Spring arrived. Like all living people, the next chapter of my story would come. It would start on a slightly higher stage than where I was now.

Chapter 88

A Trashy Show Is A Classic (1)

	“I’m going to move the OJP Sect’s headquarters to the twenty-second floor,” the Viper abruptly said a few days after we and the other Hunters had cleared the Heavenly Demon Chronicle.

	“What?”

	“We’ve decided to relocate our entire dojo there. Just like you’re the heir of the Heavenly Demon Cult, my teacher is the Murim Alliance's leader, and the OJP Sect is my guild. It’s only right for me and my guild to become part of the Murim Alliance,” the Viper said as he nonchalantly thumbed through a novel.

	Like I had witnessed the last time, the Viper was, surprisingly, a bookworm, although his taste was very biased. Luckily, many of the books here satisfied his bizarre taste.

	He was wearing glasses. They were just for fashion and cost 9,800 won. His book had a magic book cover, which was a Hero Grade item that could be put on any book and freely change the title and cover. It was sold at a market price of 2,000 gold.

	“My teacher almost spent the rest of his life in bed, but he’s fine now. The Chemist said that she’s made that possible for him to move around at least, so I’m planning to ask him to be my sect’s grand protector.”

	“The Murim Alliance's leader as the grand protector…” I murmured.

	“Yeah. He’s very sad about the Heavenly Demon’s death; it even makes me depressed when I look at him,” the Viper said.

	A protector ensured their sect’s lineage, and a grand protector was the highest of them all. The Viper was basically trying to make the Murim Alliance's leader the greatest elder of his guild.

	“It’s better to be busy at times like that, so he’s going to teach new students. That way he won’t have time to get lost in depressing thoughts. It’ll also help my guild members increase their martial prowess.”

	I eyed him, a little surprised. That was very thoughtful of him.

	The Viper felt my gaze and stopped turning the pages. “…Hey, Death King. Why are you looking at me like that?”

	“It just occurred to me that not anyone can be a leader of one of the Five Guilds.”

	Despite being an otaku of unimaginable proportions, his subordinates deeply respected him. I had always wondered why, but it turned out there was a good reason. He took very good care of his people.

	“I-is that so?” The Viper scratched his nose, blushing. “Ahem, ahem. D-don’t get any weird ideas! I just did what was right. If I were praised for doing something right, the world would be a very desolate place. I don’t want to make the world like that.”

	“Gross…”

	“Huh?”

	I shook my head. “I didn’t say anything.”

	Anyhow, the Viper’s story got me thinking: taking good care of my people was what I had been thinking about even before I entered the Heavenly Demon Chronicle. I was now the Rank 3 Hunter. Was being a high-ranking Hunter and knowing a bit about martial arts enough? Maybe it was time to build some virtuous popularity.

	…Who could I consider to be my people…?

	—Oh, I want to have a duel. I want it so bad. A brutal, devilish match. I’m hungry for a fight where I have to risk my life. Zombie, let’s choose murim for the next apocalyptic book too. Find a murim where a rogue sect is dominant this time! You can become a master martial artist in a rogue sect this time! Let’s gooooo! the Guardian screamed.

	…No, not this guy.

	“Gong-Ja! I made clippers specially tailored to your fingers and toes! Once you taste my clipping skill, you will never be able to trim your own fingernails and toenails again!” The Indoor Librarian’s eyes shone dangerously. “Give me three minutes! No, two minutes will be enough! Please trust me with your hands and feet for just one hundred twenty seconds!”

	It was certainly not this moonstruck Constellation either. He was even worse.

	[Shiny sings about your brilliant achievements again today.]

	[Shiny verses your brave roar on the walls of the Aegim Empire.]

	[Shiny choruses your desperate yet beautiful struggle in murim.]

	[Shiny bridges how happy she is to be able to see you today too.]

	[Shiny outros long live the hero.]

	Huh…? Were there no normal people around me? Seriously? That was strange. I was a model student who tried to live a normal life—why was there only a crazy ghost, an insane Constellation, and a lunatic sword around me?

	When I thought about it, none of them were humans either. That was insane. Was this my fate? If it was, wasn’t it a shitty fate? Was god an asshole?

	You Shitberian Husky… [1] I thought.

	“Haha, Death King! What are you thinking about?”

	“Mr. Inquisitor, I was thinking that it would be good if you went to the thirteenth floor and negotiated with the priests from the world of the Aegim Empire. It would be nice if newbie Hunters could take quests there.”

	“Oh! I was thinking of something similar. It seems you and I click! We both think about how to be helpful to everyone! Okay, I’ll get going!”

	After shooing away the Welsh Corgi Inquisitor, I was even less confident in my fate.

	“Uh… M-Mr. Death King.”

	A savior appeared before me as I was about to dive into a pool of despair.

	“I succeeded in mass-producing the zombie virus cure. The ingredients needed for mass production are relatively easy to obtain. Uh, Hunters will be able to roam around the twenty-second floor without any problems as long as they’re vaccinated first.”

	It was her!

	“Miss Chemist.”

	“Y-yes, Mr. Death King…?”

	“What do you think about moving your shop?”

	The Chemist blinked. “Excuse me?”

	“The shop is too small right now,” I explained, laying out the plan I’d been thinking about since she’d won the competition against the Medicine King. “You’ve become more popular after you cleared the stage, so you should expand your shop. The number of orders will skyrocket—will you be able to handle that volume from your current shop?”

	“Ah… Oh, I-I was thinking about expanding the shop too, but the real estate prices on the first floor are… As you already know, I have to get a lot of loans… The Countess showed me some kind of contract and said that she would pay for everything.”

	“No, please don’t sign that. Ever.”

	I wasn’t going to let that cat get her paws on my fish.

	“I can give you the land you need,” I offered. “I’ll take care of it all, including the moving costs and interior design costs, so all you have to bring is yourself.”

	The Chemist’s jaw dropped to the floor. “U-uh-uhhmmmm… Really…?”

	“Yes—you know the twentieth floor is my property, right? I’ll give you a good spot. Just bring yourself.”

	The Chemist opened and closed her mouth in disbelief, but I meant what I said. What was the point of having land and not using it? If I thought of it as investing in the future head of the Alchemist Office, it was a bargain.

	“In return, please put my requests for medicine and potions slightly above the other requests. Does that sound okay?” I smiled.

	“O-of course! I’m already doing that… Ugh, ughhh… W-what should I do? I’ve received too much from you, Mr. Death King…”

	While she was surprised, the Chemist couldn’t hide her joy. The corners of her mouth twitched and she clenched her fists, like she was suppressing a shout of joy. Despite what she said, it was a great offer.

	My heart swelled. It felt so rewarding to take care of my people.

	“Ahem. Ahem! Mmmmhmmm! Ehem! Kid, aren’t you forgetting something?”

	The Medicine King was standing behind me. I hadn’t sensed any movement until he spoke up. Had he learned the Lightness Art in murim without me knowing? He was at an incredible level.

	“I wish I had more land late in my life…” The Medicine King gave me a glance. “My shop is sooooo old and it smells sooooo musty these days. It also gets humid easily. It’s really bad for my back! It’s a three-story building, so I have to climb up and down every day. I can hear my knees creaking every time I climb up the stairs…”

	He gave me another glance. “It would be nice if a kind young man could give me some land with good air… I only need around 33,000 square meters…”

	“I’m sorry. Please excuse my friend.” The Sword Star approached and grabbed the Medicine King by the nape and dragged him away.

	Even as he was dragged away, the Medicine King shouted, “Who taught you to interfere with your friend’s business instead of helping them? Is that how they taught you in Northern Europe? You, Marcus Carlenbery! For a man born into a prestigious family of businessmen, your business manners are worse than a beggar’s!”

	“My friend, it’s already sad that we’re old, so let’s please not be ugly too… You already make a lot of money.”

	“I’m losing money nowadays! The number of orders I’m getting has plummeted lately! Hey, Chemist! You, girl, over there! Say ‘I talked too rashly in the last match. I actually don’t have the power to end Sir Shawn McCallister’s victory run.’ Just say it! Please!”

	All of the Hunters in the great library stared at the Medicine King. After the joint research and the surgery together, the Chemist had been looking at the Medicine King in a new light, but she now simply said, “Wow,” and looked at him like he was a cockroach.

	“Why do all of the heroines of the novels I read end up dying?” the Viper grumbled. “Is this the trend now?”

	Seriously, all of the Hunters were insane.

	* * *

	Opening the Chemist’s new shop on the twentieth floor went smoothly. The gold I had received from the lottery was enough to cover the cost of construction materials. I had no problem getting the manpower needed for the construction either. The Countess, however, kept lingering like a cat on a laptop.

	“Hey, Death King. I’m telling you, I can give you a discount on the price of the construction materials. That isn’t all—I can get you all of the hands you need. Just sign this contract with the Chemist. You only have to do that once—”

	“And I told you to forget it!” I shook her off and looked back at Preta. “How are things going?”

	“The construction is progressing smoothly, Master.”

	Preta was in charge of the construction. She’d donned a yellow hardhat and a green armband, and used a pink whistle to lead the skeletons, I summoned with Monster Legion Reincarnation, in the construction. A handsome young man with a ponytail and a particularly dirty mouth was among the skeletons.

	“What the fuck! Fucking hell! Hey! You goddamn beggar! What the fuck do you have against me? Why am I carrying rocks with these skeletons, asshole? Say something, you motherfucker!”

	However, the absolute majority of the workers were skeletons who moved in unison, so the construction was proceeding smoothly.

	While that was happening, the Chemist, the Viper, and I made a treaty.

	“Okay, I think we can do it like this. There are still a lot of jiangshi on the twenty-second floor—in other words, there are a lot of monsters. And the place is filled with ruined dojos, which are basically dungeons.”

	“Yup, so my OJP Sect will set up base…”

	“A-and… Hunters who want to go to the twenty-second floor will get vaccinated at my new shop on the twentieth floor before they actually go… right?”

	“That’s right.” I nodded. “And I’ll take some commission in the process… It’ll be a reasonable amount, of course.”

	I owned the twentieth floor, and the Chemist was building a new nest there. The OJP Sect was going to move their headquarters to the twenty-second floor. This plan would benefit all three of us.

	I never thought I’d receive a real estate commission, I thought.

	I was really satisfied with the arrangement, but when the shop actually opened, it turned out that there was a problem with the plan: too many people rushed to the twentieth floor.

	“Chemist God!”

	“Chemist King!”

	“Chemist Emperor!”

	“O Supreme Jade Celestial Chemist Emperor! Please sell me some medicine!”

	Hunters could travel up to the twentieth floor even without a title, so many more Hunters rushed to the twentieth floor, not just the Hunters who wanted to get vaccinated before going to the twenty-second floor.

	The process of giving a shot of the zombie virus vaccine was rather complicated, but other medicines and potions still had to be manufactured in the meantime. That meant that the process kept getting tangled up with the store’s general affairs.

	At first, the Chemist tried to solve that on her own, but in the end, she screamed.

	“Mr. Death King, this won’t work!

	Ultimately, we had no choice but to call on the last member of the team who cleared the twenty-second floor together.

	The Viper put his arm around him. “Medicine King, your business is no fun nowadays, huh? I’ll give you a good spot in the OJP Sect’s headquarters on the twenty-second floor. Why don’t you come and be my guild’s exclusive doctor?”

	“Hey, OJP Sect Master! Who do you think I am? I’m Shawn McCallister!”

	Despite his big talk, the Medicine King’s business was actually not doing well. The selling point of the Medicine King’s merchandise was that they were high-end, but the Chemist showed up, offering people the most deluxe grade of medicines and potions. The Medicine King’s merchandise deteriorated into a half-baked luxury.

	Everyone knew that, and so did the Medicine King. After some persuading, the Medicine King groaned. “I’ll take some commissions by giving some shots and taking care of emergencies on the twenty-second floor for the time being.”

	“Yes, please… I also need a doctor for my teacher anyway,” the Viper murmured.

	“Hmph, yeah… He and I speak more of the same language than I do with Marcus. Okay, I’ll do it. I’ve been feeling a little lonely too.”

	Even as time passed, Hunters continued their attempts to clear new floors. After all, we weren’t the only Hunters who would dive into a new floor to clear them.

	Twenty-First Floor: Great Library of All Life

	Twenty-Second Floor: Heavenly Demon Chronicle (Genres: Murim, Fusion)

	Twenty-Third Floor: The Space Iron Knight’s Epic (Genre: Sci-Fi)

	Twenty-Fourth Floor: Diary from the Dawn Mountain Lodge (Genres: Mystery, History)

	“Good. Good, good, good, good.” The Black Witch smiled with satisfaction.

	She was the leader of the Hunters now, carefully deciding which apocalyptic book we should clear and who would form the expedition team to do so.

	“Death King, this is all thanks to you. Clearing the Heavenly Demon Chronicle so well got the other Hunters pumped to try and beat you.” The Black Witch gave me an affectionate look. “These people used to ignore everything I said! Ah, if only they’d always been like this…”

	It was more like she was looking at a golden goose. At this rate, she was going to say that the Tower was built because of me.

	“If we keep this up, we’ll be able to clear the thirtieth floor before the end of the month.”

	Unfortunately, the Black Witch’s prophecy was wrong. In the second week since the Heavenly Demon Chronicle was cleared…

	[The attempt to clear the twenty-fifth floor has failed today.]

	Hundreds of Hunters and the Black Witch looked up blankly.

	[Announcement.]

	[The attempt to clear the twenty-fifth floor has failed today.]

	“What? What…?” The Black Witch was perplexed. Her black eyes were filled with shock. “I sent the best team… but they failed…?”

	A hologram screen in the great library was broadcasting a Hunter team’s apocalyptic book expedition live. There we saw countless demons giggling as they slaughtered humans.

	Among the humans being slaughtered, there were familiar faces: the Countess and the Paladin. They were the Rank 4 and Rank 9 Hunters, respectively. While the Countess handled Babylon’s money, the Paladin managed the city’s law enforcement. In other words, they were the people in charge of the Tower’s economy and order. They were the best people we could send for that team, as the Black Witch had said, but the team had failed.

	The Story of Sormwin Academy

	Genre: Romance, Fantasy

	Difficulty level: D

	Required challengers: 4~5 people

	※Serialization is currently discontinued.

	Description: Sormwin is a prestigious magic academy where friendship, healthy rivalry, love, and jealousy can be found just like any other place. This apocalyptic book would have remained an ordinary academy novel if only an artifact capable of destroying the world hadn’t been sealed in the academy’s basement!

	Reason for discontinuation of serialization: The villainess loses her fiance, the Crown Prince, to a female student who has been given a second chance at life. This drives the villainess mad, so she unseals the artifact, releasing a great demon and bringing destruction to the world.

	The apocalyptic book was only ranked D in the difficulty level. The world was chosen because they had developed magic and had abundant minerals like mithril.

	“Oh, that’s too bad.” The Indoor Librarian looked down at the stupefied Hunters. “However, it’s spilled milk now! If you can put back what’s spilled, then it might be different, but I can’t undo an expedition that’s already failed. Please understand my predicament.”

	The Indoor Librarian was smiling, though. He was basically saying that if someone could put back the spilled milk… he would make an exception. It was obvious who he was talking to.

	I headed to the library’s bathroom. I had also stopped by here before heading to the world of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle. The mirror above the sink reflected a man with a dark expression.

	“Damn, I’ve never even read a romance novel,” I muttered.

	—Well, you hadn’t read a murim novel before either, but you made it work. I’m pretty sure it won’t be an issue for you. The Guardian shrugged.

	“That’s true, but…” I sighed and grabbed the dagger. “I can’t just let the Countess and the Paladin die, and it doesn’t look like it’ll be solved if I send in someone else. I guess I have to do it myself.”

	Someone might tell me that I could just give up the apocalyptic book and choose another one. But that wasn’t that simple—I had a reason why I could not give up on that apocalyptic book.

	[Shiny cheers for the decision you made.]

	Another fragment of the Goddess of Protection was hidden there too.

	“…Alright.” I gripped the hilt of my dagger and steeled myself. “Let’s go!”

	I rewinded time until I got to the day before the expedition team was formed. That was the moment when my next stage was decided to be a romance novel.

* * *

	1. The raw is 이 시베리안 허스키. It’s a Korean wordplay on how Siberian Husky sounds similar to 씨발(sipal). ☜

Chapter 89

A Trashy Show Is A Classic (2)

	As soon as I returned to a few days ago, I said, “I’ll lead in this apocalyptic book.”

	The Hunters looked at me, dumbfounded, including the Countess and the Paladin. They had died while clearing the apocalyptic book that we had chosen to be our twenty-fifth floor, but I was back in the time before they entered the book. Of course, they had no way of knowing that.

	The Paladin looked perplexed. “I’m sorry, Death King. I didn’t know you were also familiar with romance novels.”

	“No, you don’t have to be sorry. I really don’t know much about romance novels.”

	“…And yet you’re saying you’ll be in charge of this expedition? Are you serious?”

	I nodded. “Yes, I really want to be in charge.”

	The Hunters murmured among themselves. I tried not to let it get to me.

	“With the genre being what it is, it would be nice to choose a Hunter who is well-versed in romance novels, but it shouldn’t be an absolute standard. I’ve never read a murim novel, but I still had no problem clearing the Heavenly Demon Chronicle.”

	“That’s true, but…”

	“Besides, I have a bad feeling about this expedition. Something bad is going to happen, so please let me take charge.”

	Some Hunters—the Black Witch and the Sword Star—reacted strongly when I told them I had a feeling. Both of them believed that I had the ability to see the future.

	“…I don’t think it matters. The Death King has proved himself several times already.” The Black Witch shrugged.

	“I also think we should listen to the Death King,” the Sword Star commented.

	With the Rank 2 and the Rank 1 Hunters backing me up, things became easier. The other Hunters didn’t really try to oppose us, so I took charge as I wanted.

	“Now I’ll pick who will go into the apocalyptic book with me,” I said, bracing myself. “Only the most elite member will go to this stage. Please don’t blame me for not picking you.”

	“Hmm… The most elite member.” The Black Witch glanced at me with a blank face. “Okay, then I should go. I don’t know much about romance, but if someone is needed, I should go. This is my first experience with romance novels, but… should I call it romantic sentiment? It seems like my style. I’m not claiming to be an expert on romance novels, though. Yeah, I just think that I should go if we need the most elite member to go.”

	The woman who had previously introduced herself as a drama viewer was in bad shape. Really bad shape.

	“Romance and romantic fantasy are a little different. If a romance novel is a macaroon, then a romantic fantasy novel is a chocolate mousse cake,” the Paladin quietly said. “Death King, I really think that an expert is needed for this one…”

	She exuded the subtle vibes of a hidden master. However, she had a history of failing to clear this apocalyptic book, so it felt risky to take the Paladin.

	“Can’t love be converted into money too? People who readily spend money on their loved ones are also good at dating. Love is power, and power is money. This is an eternal truth, so I should be chosen for this expedition.” The Countess fanned herself.

	Who the hell put that woman up for an expedition to a romance novel in the first place?

	I calmly looked around. Someone caught my eye. He was sipping the orange juice that had been served by a bookmark maid.

	“Mr. Inquisitor,” I called.

	“Yes?”

	“Why don’t we share some moments in a romance novel together?”

	“Oh?”

	The Hunters around us stared, aghast.

	The Inquisitor was the cold-blooded slaughterer who tortured and executed anyone involved in a religious conflict, regardless of how small it was. Even in the Tower, where only madmen lived, he was treated as insane—a psycho. If a survey were to be conducted to see who was least suited for romance, the first place in the entire world was reserved for him.

	The person in question smiled brightly like an innocent boy. “Yes! Understood! I’ll gladly do it if it’s your request, Mr. Death King!”

	To someone who didn’t know the truth, his smile was angelic. In other words, it was no different from a devil’s smile to someone who knew the truth.

	The Black Witch quickly approached me.

	“Death King, are you crazy…?” she whispered. “Inquisitor can’t empathize! Objectively speaking, he’s a psychopath. Even if I try to put it nicely, he’s still a sociopath. What are you going to do with a man like that in a romance novel?”

	“Black Dragon Master,” I whispered back. “I don’t know a thing about romance, but I know what’s the most important.”

	“What is it?”

	“Appearance.”

	“…Huh?”

	“Appearance,” I repeated, deadly serious.

	“Uh…”

	“The characters need to be handsome or beautiful above all.”

	“Isn’t that a little biased…? Many people in romance novels are described as ordinary-looking…” The Black Witch’s voice faded away.

	“They don’t look that ordinary in the covers.”

	“Ah… you said the unspeakable truth…”

	“Think about it. Who in the Tower looks the most angelic, based purely on looks? It’s the Inquisitor. I thought he was a real angel until I found out about his true nature.”

	We glanced at the Inquisitor, who was beaming at us.

	“You’re with me on this one, aren’t you?”

	“…Yeah, that kid will break down anyone’s guard with his looks. The problem is that he’ll crush their heads next,” the Black Witch murmured.

	“Plus, he’s competent and uses divine magic. I think he’ll be able to handle any accidents. He also listens to me.”

	Above all, what the Inquisitor said and what he actually thought were always the same. I believed that this could be an advantage in a romance novel. Many people found honesty and forthrightness to be very attractive.

	“…That might actually be a good idea,” the Paladin muttered. She was slowly nodding along to our conversation, looking impressed. “In romantic fantasy, it’s better when the characters are crazier. In that point of view, the Inquisitor isn’t bad. It’s a shame that he isn’t obsessed with love, but he has some room to become the mad, obsessive male character. I can feel it. This is going to be interesting. Death King… you have great intuition, even in romance…”

	The library went quiet.

	“Hmm? Did I say something weird?” the Paladin asked, confused.

	The library was silent—but the Black Witch was silent because she was deep in contemplation.

	State of Mind: The Paladin has a point, but the Inquisitor looks too young, not like a young man like the Death King. Even if we’re going to use the Inquisitor’s boyish face as a charming point, he should look somewhat boyish, not like an actual boy. Looking just like a child is unpopular in this area…

	For better or worse, the Black Witch didn’t assert her professional opinion aloud. Thanks to her, the Inquisitor and I were able to be a romantic duo.

	When he saw us, the Indoor Librarian’s eyes sparkled. “Oh, wow. That is a unique combination to try in this apocalyptic book. Okay! I’m really looking forward to seeing what kind of story it’ll become this time.”

	The Indoor Librarian reached out and grabbed the Story of Sormwin Academy.

	“It’s the season of love! And it’s also the generation where it became natural to praise love! People now say that it’s a beautiful act to overcome social status, bloodline, nationality, and everything else to win love!” The Constellation’s sleeves fluttered. “Maybe that’s why love has become more difficult. Love isn’t just an emotion, but also an attitude and a mindset. Yet many people are obsessed only with its romantic side.”

	The Indoor Librarian chuckled. “Will you choose romantic reality or realistic romance? Gong-Ja, it’ll be very difficult to find the balance. That’s why I’ve prepared a special reward for clearing the stage!”

	A special reward for clearing the stage?

	“Technically, you cleared not only the normal stage of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle but also its hidden stage. The reward for the normal stage was that world becoming the twenty-second floor, but you haven’t received the reward for the hidden stage yet. That’s what I’m going to give you now.”

	“Uh, what is the reward, exactly?”

	“Come here, my protagonist.” The Indoor Librarian gestured at me.

	I approached him.

	“Here. I’ll give you three cards.” The Indoor Librarian handed over the cards. On each was written: “Face Recognition Disorder,” “What a coincidence to eavesdrop on such a crucial and secret moment!” and “Oops, I shouldn’t have said this, but my tongue slipped!”

	Alright. Even the names were ominous. I didn’t know what effect these cards had, but they were super suspicious.

	“Excuse me,” I said sourly. “These are…”

	“They’re all used to make romance novels fantastic. I’m sure these cards will be very useful, so don’t worry!”

	I couldn’t do anything but worry.

	“These aren’t the only rewards. You’ll run into it when you arrive at the world of the apocalyptic book.” The Indoor Librarian smiled mysteriously.

	“What?”

	Instead of answering my question, the Indoor Librarian opened the book. “Death King and Inquisitor.”

	The apocalyptic book’s pages radiated light.

	“Two of you have been selected as new characters in the Story of Sormwin Academy. Once you open your eyes, you’ll find yourselves in the world seven days before the serialization of the book unfortunately discontinues.”

	Light enveloped the two of us.

	“I hope you will show me a wonderful ending! My lady, and her butler!”

	My lady? The butler? As I was about to ask what he meant, the world around me turned completely white.

	* * *

	I had never been interested in romance novels. Not only was I not in the habit of reading books, but I also didn’t have any friends around me who were a fan of romance. If I was a little bit more honest, I didn’t have any friends before, and I would like to exercise my right of silence about how many people I could call my friends right now.

	Though I was an amateur in romance, I could still answer what the most common onomatopoeia in a romance novel was.

	Slap!

	It was the sound of someone getting slapped in the face.

	“…You rude, lowly woman!”

	The clear, sharp voice reached the chandelier in the ceiling. Before the chandelier could even stop shaking, the most often heard sound of all time in the romance genre rang out once more. It might be obvious given how I was leisurely watching everything, but I wasn’t the one getting slapped.

	“…Oh?”

	It was the Inquisitor. Both his left and right cheeks were red; nevertheless, he tilted his head and smiled widely toward the woman who had slapped him. “Did I do something wrong? Your slaps are very vicious!”

	The woman’s expression grew more menacing. It looked like she could be a noble lady, judging from her dress embroidered with a pattern of lilies in silver threads. For my convenience, I named her Lady Silver Lily.

	“…You lowly, brazen woman, you don’t even know what shame is, do you?”

	“Haha.” The Inquisitor just laughed.

	And from there on out, things went crazy. Lady Silver Lily wasn’t the only one who was wearing a dress.

	“If there’s anything I did wrong, please tell me! I’ll correct it right away if it’s reasonable! It’s best not to use violence if possible!”

	The Inquisitor was also wearing a dress. Compared to Lady Silver Lily’s dress, it was much more plain. Its color resembled the inside of a lime, a blend of innocent yellow and joyful green. Innocence could easily turn into childishness, and joy was often seen as naivety. But that was all unnecessary since his looks defied everything.

	As expected of a Hunter I chose based almost entirely on appearance, the natural psycho with good looks smiled brightly. “Okay! Miss I-Don’t-Know. Let’s talk!”

	Slap!

	“You’re… really… really going to mock me until that very end… aren’t you?” Lady Silver Lily said, seemingly squeezing her lungs out. Her strained lungs were clearly conveyed in her voice.

	She was the one who had slapped the Inquisitor, but for some reason, she was the one whose breathing was becoming strained as the conversation went on.

	Hmm. I rose above the confusion of entering a brand new apocalyptic book and began to piece together the situation. A social gathering? A ball? Anyway, we were in the middle of an event.

	In the chandeliered ballroom were dozens of people wearing dresses and suits, not just us. They were watching the fight anxiously. Their nervousness was to be expected since the peaceful ball was a mess now.

	Lady Silver Lily was the villainess. I looked at her. Excluding the imperial family, she held the highest social status.

	She was also the one who was going to destroy this world.

	“You… over… there!” Lady Silver Lily said, staggering. It was as if she was spitting out each syllable. It made my lungs hurt just listening to it.

	“Yes, my lady,” the servants in black tuxedos answered.

	“Those people… are eyesores. Get them out of my sight. Quickly…!”

	“Understood.”

	The servants didn’t speak loudly; they were pretty quiet, actually. Anyone could see that Lady Silver Lily was sickly, so the servants adjusted the pitch of their voices to better serve their master. Loud noises were poison to her ears.

	That was why the Inquisitor was completely incompatible with Lady Silver Lily. The Inquisitor was built with a smile and a bright voice.

	“Oh, are you sick? How awful! Let me help you!” he offered.

	“Quickly… Get her and her butler out of my sight… immediately…!” Lady Silver Lily ground her teeth.

	The servants in the tuxedos surrounded us like a military unit.

	“Pardon us.”

	“Please follow us for a moment.”

	Their tone was elegant, but their actions were not; they bodily dragged the two of us out of the ballroom. We went past the hallway and then into a moonlit storage room.

	“Excuse me?” I asked as we were transported to the storage room. Incidentally, I was wearing the same tuxedo as the servants. “Where are you taking us now?”

	No one answered me.

	“Excuse me? Servants of the duke?”

	The door slammed in our faces.

	The Inquisitor and I looked at each other.

	We heard the key turn. Unless my common sense was wrong, a storage room with a locked door was a prison. In other words, we’d been imprisoned.

	“Haha. Mr. Death King, we’re in big trouble!” The Inquisitor laughed as if it was no big deal at all. “I think I’ve become the female lead!”

	He was right. And I was the female lead’s butler.

Chapter 90

A Trashy Show Is A Classic (3)

	“What kind of trashy novel is this…” I grumbled. I felt like I was going crazy.

	The Inquisitor smiled. Despite the fact we had been locked up in an old storage room—a prison, for all intents and purposes—his face was almost blindingly bright in the moonlight.

	“Ah, I was forced to crossdress many times when I was young. I never thought I’d actually end up playing the role of a young noble lady. Such is life, I guess!”

	“I wish I could get just a little bit of your bottomless optimism…” I mumbled.

	“The world is a beautiful place, Mr. Death King! Think positively!”

	Did this guy ever stop smiling? Even if a meteorite were to land in front of him, he would probably laugh and say, “This is quite a problem! The world is going to end! Oh, well. There’s nothing we can do about it. We did our best!”

	“What is there to be positive about?” I asked.

	“Like this, for example!” The Inquisitor moved his fingers and made a hand seal. Then he whispered, “Divine Formula: Transformation.”

	Light flowed out from between his slender fingers. It was the Inquisitor’s trademark divine magic, Divine Formulas. Judging by the name, this Divine Formula was a technique to change something.

	At first glance, there was no difference. However, as soon as the Inquisitor opened his mouth, I was covered in goosebumps.

	“…How is it? Do I sound a little more like a noble lady now?”

	“Your voice…”

	“Yes! I changed the structure of my vocal cords a little.” The Inquisitor smiled. “I’ve heard that my voice is gender-neutral, so if I give my vocal cords a little polish, it should work pretty well. Ah, I can’t really judge my own voice. What do you think?”

	“It’s amazing…” I admitted, genuinely impressed. “You seem like a very elegant noble. Uh, well, as long as you stay quiet.”

	“Thank you!”

	I stroked my chin. We had unexpectedly assumed the roles of the female lead and her butler. However, the Inquisitor and I could handle it. The Inquisitor had his Divine Formulas… and I had my regression Skill.

	Okay. I nodded. It was worth a go.

	The Inquisitor looked at my face. “You look a little better.”

	“Huh?”

	“You looked gloomy ever since you returned from the Heavenly Demon Chronicle, Mr. Death King. It seemed like you accumulated a lot of stress while clearing the apocalyptic book.”

	I was speechless for a moment.

	“Well, it’s natural since you lost your precious teacher! I was worried that you might be too depressed to be able to display your full abilities in this expedition, but I was worried about nothing.”

	“…You can guess what other people are feeling by their expressions, huh?”

	“Yes! I don’t really know what depression is, but I understand the theory! Haha. Even machines creak when they have too much grime. And stress is probably human grime. If they’re left for a long time, it becomes a bitter residue and is hard to clean off, so take good care of it!”

	Interesting. He was trying to understand humans in his own way? He was a psychopath, but he was a commendable psychopath.

	“Anyway, Mr. Death King.”

	“Yes?”

	“I noticed something strange a while ago.”

	“Strange? What?” I asked.

	“As I understand it, we’re currently imprisoned for an unjust reason. Our freedom of movement is suppressed,” the Inquisitor answered.

	“That’s how I understand the current situation.”

	“I’m glad that we’re on the same page! In this kind of situation, the authority usually appoints guards to watch the prisoners. Otherwise, they could easily escape.” The Inquisitor tilted his head. “But I can’t feel any movement outside the door right now—instead, I sense presence outside the window. Hmm. Do they place guards around windows instead of doors in this world?”

	At that moment, the iron bars fell out of the window and shadows jumped into the room.

	“Damn it! Go get them!”

	“It doesn’t matter if you kill the man! Just don’t hurt the woman!”

	The shadowy intruders were wearing masks. Their outfits were too unconventional for us to consider them guests who came to visit us out of concern—anyone could tell that they were here to attack us.

	“Shiny!”

	[Shiny answers your call.]

	I drew my holy sword and locked blades with one of the intruders.

	In movies, the ambushers and ambushees often exchanged conversations like, “Who are you!?”, “You don’t have to know! But we have a powerful person behind us!” We didn’t do anything like that. Both he and I were busy swinging our swords.

	However, I had the ultimate trick up my sleeve.

	“Now!”

	On my signal, the holy sword lit up.

	“Urgh!” The assailant was used to the darkness, so he shut his eyes, although it was only for a moment.

	In the middle of a fight, a moment was all it took. I blinked my left and right eyes alternately to maintain my vision and then cut off the assailant’s hand.

	“…Gnah…!”

	His voice was strangled by pain.

	“Mr. Death King! You can’t kill them all! We need to find out who’s behind them. Keep them alive!” the Inquisitor shouted as he battled the other assailants, the hem of his dress fluttering.

	That was what I did.

	“This is ridiculous! S-she’s not some ordinary girl!”

	The not-so-skilled assailants were shocked. Maybe the Inquisitor and I were too good. These small fries who couldn’t even use aura couldn’t handle us—all four of them were subdued in an instant. One of them was killed by the Inquisitor during the fight.

	“Ahem. Hahahaha.” The Inquisitor wiped the blood on his face with the sleeve of his dress.

	The assailants looked up at the Inquisitor, their faces pale.

	“We heard that you’re a delicate noble lady… How…”

	“You have three choices!” The Inquisitor laughed heartily, brandishing his dagger. “First, you can ask me to kill you right here and I’ll do it for you! Second, you can give me important information while I torture you one by one! Lastly, you can just give me the information. That way, you won’t die or be tortured! Which one will you choose?”

	“Hah…” The oldest-looking of the assailants scoffed. He was also the one who had lost his hand to me. “You’re crazy. Just kill me!”

	“Okay!”

	“What?”

	And then the Inquisitor's dress got a little redder. A thud echoed through the storage room as the assailant’s head fell to the floor. The remaining two assailants gasped.

	“Have you made your choice?” the Inquisitor asked them.

	“P-please spare me, my lady. We were just doing what we were paid to!”

	“It’s a tough world to make a living in. I understand.”

	“Then—”

	“But just like I understand your situation, you must understand mine! Please tell me why you attacked us. In return, I’ll spare you. I think I’m being reasonable here.”

	The assailants hesitated.

	“Ah, it seems you can’t make up your mind. I understand! I’ll help you a little!”

	“Um. What do you mean by help—”

	“Why, torture, of course!” The Inquisitor was still grinning. “Pain is the proof that we’re alive. The desire to survive is strongest at the peak of pain. Now, I’ll help you maximize that desire.”

	“P-please spare me!”

	“Please don’t kill me!”

	The heck. I intervened because I thought the rating would change to 19+ at this rate.

	“Hold on.”

	“Hmm?”

	“You don’t have to do it that way. Just leave this to me.”

	The Inquisitor looked puzzled. “Mr. Death King, are you good at torture too? Unless you’re quite good at it, I recommend leaving the interrogation to me. I’m a specialist.”

	“No, we don’t have to torture them. And wipe your face, please.” I handed the Inquisitor a handkerchief and stood in front of the assailants.

	The assailants sighed in relief—but, well, it was too early for that. I wasn’t merciful enough to forgive people who attacked me first.

	“Guys, let me ask you something.” I sat down and looked them in the eyes.

	“W-what is it?”

	“You came in through the window when you attacked us earlier. The iron bars were cut too easily. Did you know we would be in here and cut the bars in advance?”

	The assailants didn’t answer and just looked at each other. Even if they didn’t say anything, that didn’t mean I had no way to find out the answer. I could see what they were thinking.

	Show me their character windows.

	State of Mind: I heard that a woman was going to be put in the storage room.

	State of Mind: Shit, they said she was an ordinary girl, but that was a lie!

	As expected, the assailants knew we were going to come here.

	“You yelled ‘It doesn’t matter if you kill the man! Just don’t hurt the woman!’ while attacking us. Were you trying to kidnap the lady here?” I asked them.

	“Uh… Umm…”

	The assailants blinked.

	State of Mind: The request was to kidnap the woman here.

	State of Mind: The client made it clear that we were not to hurt the woman. That’s why we brought more people than necessary.

	I understood what was going on now.

	I sighed and turned around. The Inquisitor was thoroughly wiping his face with the handkerchief. He was like a baby hamster munching on sunflower seeds.

	“I have a feeling I know who the culprit is,” I said.

	The Inquisitor’s ears perked up. “Oh, you already figured it out?”

	“Yes, I did.” I nodded.

	“I want to hear your deduction, Mr. Death King.” The Inquisitor’s eyes sparkled.

	I nodded. “First of all,” I whispered, “the culprit is someone with enormous social influence. He hired four assassins to infiltrate the academy, which is impossible without knowing its security inside and out.”

	“Oh, that makes sense! But would the culprit really need enormous social influence to do this? This isn’t the palace, so it seems relatively easy to figure out its security. Even someone with a moderate amount of social influence would be able to do it!”

	“That’s a good point—still, there’s one more thing that’s suspicious. Do you remember what the villainess shouted when she chased us away earlier?”

	The Inquisitor tucked his handkerchief into his sleeve while he pondered. “Yes, I remember. She said, ‘Get her and her butler out of my sight immediately.’ Why do you ask?”

	“She didn’t say a word about locking us up nor did she mention a specific place. The villainess simply told the servants to get us out of the ballroom, but these assailants knew we would be locked up and where. And they cut the window bars in advance. The servants who brought us to this storage room work for the villainess.”

	“Oh…” The Inquisitor’s eyes narrowed like a snake’s. “Indeed, the villainess could have been the one who hired the assailants. All she had to do was to instruct her servants where to lock us up in advance and tell the assailants about the place. Haha. She’s the duke’s daughter, so she probably has plenty of power.”

	“Yes, but…”

	“But it’s too obvious.” The Inquisitor stroked his chin. “I’m the protagonist of this world and a noble lady who has something romantic going on with the crown prince. But the villainess chases me out and attacks me in the place she tossed me? Even if she’s the duke’s daughter, that would cause a huge scandal! It’s a bad move with too much political risk.”

	The Inquisitor was indeed smart. He caught onto these kinds of things quickly.

	I nodded. “In other words, the villainess isn’t the culprit. The person who wants to make it look like she is the real culprit.”

	“I agree!”

	“And this real culprit cares about you, the female lead, so much that he tells the assailants to never hurt the woman. He doesn’t care if the male butler, me, dies or not. Lastly, he has enough power to bribe the duke’s servants.”

	“Ahaha.” The Inquisitor smiled. “I’m also starting to see who the real culprit is!”

	“You and I are probably thinking of the same person.”

	“Hmm. I don’t know what love feels like, but I’m aware of what people in love act like! If the real culprit really values me, like you guessed, he wouldn’t really hand me over to these people.”

	“You’re right.” I nodded. “He’ll be waiting nearby, so he can rush in at any time.”

	Right then, the storage room’s old door broke. A group of knights poured in through the resultant cloud of dust. At that very front was a man who looked like he would have never touched a room like this.

	The man ran over and hugged the Inquisitor tightly, his blond, ramen-like hair swaying. Although he wasn’t a match for the Inquisitor, the man was handsome too. His handsome level was 0.6 of the Inquisitor.

	“Oh, heavens! You’re covered in blood! I had a bad feeling after I heard that you were kicked out of the ballroom, so I came here… How dare someone do such a vicious thing…!”

	And his psychopath level would probably also be around 0.6 that of the Inquisitor.

	“All of you, arrest those suspicious men quickly!” the man ordered without batting an eye. “I will personally interrogate them and find out who is behind them! I don’t know which family did it, but I won’t forgive them even if they are the founding families of the empire!”

	“Yes, Your Highness!” the knights answered in unison.

	“Sylvia, don’t worry. I’ll protect you. No matter what vicious measures the duke’s daughter uses, I will protect you. You only need to rely on me, the sole successor of the empire…”

	That was right. The crown prince, who loved the Inquisitor, was the male lead in the Story of Sormwin Academy.

Chapter 91

Falling (1)

	Last year, the emperor had given titles to two young noble ladies.

	“…Lady Sylvia Evanail, the daughter of the Baron of Evanail. You are like a golden thread flower blooming in the middle of a yellow flower garden… From now on, people will call you…”

	Lady Goldencup[1], the female lead of this world.

	“…Lady Raviel Ivansia, the daughter of the Duke of Ivansia… You are a flower who plated yourself in silver so you would stand tall… Child, from now on, the people of the empire will call you…”

	Lady Silver Lily, the villainess of this apocalyptic book.

	In this world, young ladies of noble families usually received titles during their debutantes, given by those of the imperial family or one of the great noble families who hosted their debutantes.

	However, the titles given by a baron were different from those given by a count. Depending on how noble the person who gave the new name was, a young lady’s title carried a different class.

	The most classy ones were, of course, the ones given by the emperor. The fact that the emperor gave a title to a young lady was an honor to her and her family. Since these two young ladies from the same academy received such an honor together, a huge storm was bound to strike.

	Even so…

	I looked at the crown prince. He was holding the Inquisitor, who was playing the role of Lady Goldencup. The crown prince’s hug was so tight that the Inquisitor’s dress was getting wrinkled.

	Wasn’t he too frivolous for a crown prince of a country?

	I found it strangely unpleasant.

	Our eyes met. I had been looking at him somewhat dumbstruck, so I had to quickly look at the floor. But the crown prince’s gaze was strange. I could see negative emotions like contempt and anger swirling in his eyes.

	“…You survived too,” the crown prince muttered.

	Oh. Was he talking to me? His gaze was fixed on me, so it looked like that was the case. But his voice sounded like someone who’d stepped on a turd. In other words, he was disgusted.

	“Yes, Your Highness,” I answered, mimicking what I had seen in historical dramas. “I have managed to survive.”

	“You’re lucky.”

	“How could it be luck, Your Highness? I am merely a lowly butler. It was only possible through your grace.”

	The crown prince’s straight eyebrows crinkled at the subtle implication that he had staged the attack. After all, a guilty conscience needed no accuser, and even a simple greeting could stir it.

	“You praise me too much. Are you going to say next that everything in the world happens because of my grace? Your good fortune saved both your own life and Sylvia from the evil assassins. You have my gratitude.”

	Wow. At first, it seemed like he was graciously praising me, but in between the lines, he really wasn’t. He was belittling me for surviving because of luck, not skill.

	No way. I really wanted to think I was wrong, but the crown prince considered me his rival right now?

	Before I knew it, my mouth was moving. “Lady Goldencup is my master, and I am her tool, Your Highness. How could it be luck for her sword to protect its master?”

	I was baffled. Seriously. I was just planning on ending this conversation quickly and not causing a fuss. No good could come of a butler fighting a crown prince. And yet, my tongue kept moving.

	“The tool has simply served its purpose, so please save your compliments. I don’t deserve it.”

	Huh? Did I finally go crazy? I wondered.

	Just when my mind was getting a little muddled, I heard the voice.

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	What?

	[Your immersion level is 1%.]

	The fuck?

	“…Really, you’re so eloquent that I want to sew your lips together.” The crown prince’s face contorted. He looked like he wanted to swear at me for my insults, but he was holding himself back.

	I wanted to swear out loud too because the crown prince’s frown made me feel good and strangely refreshed, rather than a sign that I should stop here.

	This was crazy. It was insane.

	“It looks like families of barons nowadays select their servants based on their mouths, not their personalities. If His Majesty knew about this state of affairs, he would lament,” the crown prince muttered.

	Wait a minute. Hold on, you crown prince something. Don’t provoke me anymore. Please don’t provoke me, you ramen-head. Wait, t-this stage is—

	Again, my mouth moved.

	“I highly doubt that, Your Highness. The heavens forbid the day His Majesty’s eyes are clouded by worry. You’ve grown up to be such a fine man and are building virtue in the academy, so I believe His Majesty will be greatly pleased."

	In other words, I was sarcastically saying, “Your dad would love it if he finds out you go around and hire assassins.” But this bickering wasn’t important right now.

	I realized the trap of this stage, and I also realized why the Paladin and the Countess, the Hunters who each handled the economy and order of the Tower, had helplessly failed to clear the book.

	Yeah, it was weird! Those two seemed to be taken over by their characters the longer they were in here!

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	No.

	[Your immersion level is 2%.]

	This was crazy.

	“Hmph. Forget it. I’m disgracing myself by arguing with you.” The crown prince turned to look at the Inquisitor. “I’ll thoroughly investigate what happened tonight.”

	"There is no one in the academy as trustworthy as you, Your Highness. I must simply pray that you uncover the mastermind behind the attack and make an example of them to others.” I bowed.

	“Of course.”

	Ah, this was the problem! This was what was weird about this stage!

	The crown prince gave me a hooded glare. “Lady Sylvia seems to have been shocked by tonight’s ambush, and there may be more of them lurking around. So I’ll protect her for today.”

	“Your Highness,” my mouth said, “please forgive my rudeness, but the lady should rest in a place where she is most comfortable in times like these. My master will want to stay in her dormitory room as usual.”

	“…Are you saying that she can’t be at peace if she’s by my side?”

	“My apologies, but I am just trying to tell you the truth, Your Highness.”

	My mouth’s outrageous rampage made me scream internally.

	Save me. Someone, please, save me!

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 3%.]

	Help me! Help me!

	—Hey… What are you doing? The Guardian peered at me.

	Mr. Sword Emperor! No! O Almighty Sword Emperor!

	—Huh? Have you finally gone crazy?

	I am going crazy, so please do something about it!

	—Uh… What do you want me to do?

	I don’t know. Do anything to make me come to my senses!

	—Hmm. Can I say something really terrible?

	I don’t care what you say. Just wake me up!

	—Oh, then… The Guardian smirked. Zombie, you seem to find the Viper gross. But, whenever you get a chance, you act like those cringy main characters in the Viper’s delusions…

	Ah. That’s good enough. I’m awake. Don’t even finish that sentence.

	—Alright.

	I suddenly felt wide awake. How dare the Guardian pull the Viper on me. What a sly ghost. I had said that he could say anything, but that was too much of anything. Well, thanks to him, my immersion level stopped skyrocketing.

	The Inquisitor, whose face was buried in the crown prince’s arms, wasn’t his normal self either.

	“…Huh…?” The Inquisitor kept tilting his head. For the first time, I saw that the Inquisitor was perplexed. A self-acknowledged and also objectively a top-tier wacko. The born psycho didn’t understand the emotions he was feeling right now.

	Maybe that was why the Inquisitor pushed away the crown prince’s chest, escaping from his arms. The crown prince, who had been fighting with me, looked at Lady Goldencup—no, the Inquisitor, in confusion.

	“Sylvia, what is wrong?”

	“Hmm?… Huh? Oh?” The Inquisitor tilted his head once more. “How strange.”

	“What do you mean strange, Sylvia?”

	“For the first time in my life, I’m experiencing an unfamiliar emotion.” The Inquisitor smiled sheepishly. “My heart is throbbing. It’s pounding very hard. Oh. Aha. Wow! How mysterious…”

	The Inquisitor closed his eyes and placed his hands on his chest. He, now Lady Goldencup, was smiling slightly as if he were listening to beautiful classical music. “It seems that the owner of this body really likes you!”

	“S-Sylvia…” The crown prince was almost moved to tears.

	If I hadn’t stopped the immersion level from rising, I might have felt jealous—but fortunately, I was myself again now.

	“My lady.” I carefully enunciated my words.

	The Inquisitor opened his eyes and looked at me.

	“Let us return to the dormitory. His Highness has given his word that he will reveal the mastermind behind the attack, and it is late into the night now. You should go back to your dormitory and rest. You still have to prepare for tomorrow, my lady.” I gave the Inquisitor a stare.

	We had a goal as well as our roles—to clear this book. We could not forget this.

	“Oh, right. That’s right.” The Inquisitor blinked, understanding what I meant. He curtsied to the crown prince. “Thank you for your considerate gesture, but I will return to the dormitory with my servant.”

	“Uh?” The crown prince gaped.

	“Good night, Your Highness. Please excuse me!” The Inquisitor turned his back on the crown prince while his mouth was still hanging open and left the storage room with light steps.

	“Sylvia! S-Sylvia?” the crown prince belatedly shouted at his back.

	But the Inquisitor just walked down the hallway with a smile, not even looking back.

	“…Things have gotten tricky,” I muttered, close behind the Inquisitor. “Immersion level? I didn’t know there would be a trap like this. Damn it.”

	I finally understood why the Countess and the Paladin had failed.

	“Hahaha.” The Inquisitor smiled enigmatically.

	Our shoes tapped against the floor as we crossed the moonlit hallway. Our footsteps resembled heartbeats.

	“This is certainly unexpected. Mr. Death King, how much did your immersion level go up just now?”

	“It skyrocketed to three percent. I barely managed to stop it.”

	“That’s amazing. I hit ten percent right away!”

	I was at a loss for words. Ten percent? Ten?

	I was stupefied. Just spending a short time with the crown prince had infected ten percent of the Inquisitor. The situation was more serious than I had thought. At this rate, even living normally was no different from walking through a poisonous fog. If I let my guard down, I would be slowly poisoned, and by the time I came to my senses, I would be consumed by this world of romance, no longer able to escape.

	“…No, we can’t do it like this,” I slowly said. I was nervous. Even the possibility of losing myself terrified me like nothing else. “Let’s choose safe words.”

	“Safe words?”

	I carefully felt the hilt of my dagger. The familiar feeling of the box tape brought me a sense of stability. “Yes, safe words. No matter what the situation or how serious it is, we say the words and then wake up. For example, if I say ‘peach,’ you say ‘carrot.’”

	“Aha, so it’s like a secret code!” The Inquisitor laughed. “I agree! I’ve seen something similar in a drama. Then what word should be our secret code—”

	At that moment, the sound of heels came from across the hallway. The precarious sounds were followed by dull footsteps—a person was approaching, accompanied by several servants. A reflection of the moon was cast on the hallway, but they trampled over it.

	The hair of the woman walking at the front was as silver as the moonlight. She was called Lady Silver Lily, the duke’s daughter and the villainess. As she walked toward me and the Inquisitor, leading her followers, she scowled and glared at us so hard that it made me wonder why she was so angry.

	The Inquisitor let out a short groan and tiptoed over to me. “…Mr. Death King,” he whispered, “…it seems that I hate that woman.”

	At first, his voice was the same as always. I slowly turned my head and looked at the Inquisitor. He twirled, making his long dress flutter. I could feel a little gust of wind in my chest that was as warm as he was.

	“I’m curious, Mr. Death King.”

	The Inquisitor stopped twirling and spread out his arms, folding all his fingers except for the index finger, which was the only finger that was exposed to the air.

	“Ah, I'm really curious. What kind of expression am I making right now?”

	He was smiling as always, pressing his index fingers to raise the corner of his mouth, but his eyes weren’t smiling.

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 4%.]

* * *

	1. This is actually Korean wordplay. The raw is 금사매(Goldencup Saint-John's-wort), but 금사 also means golden thread. ☜

Chapter 92

Falling (2)

	Romantic Fantasy Rule 1: Any man near the lead characters is suspicious.

	Romantic Fantasy Rule 2: The most ordinary man is actually the most extraordinary.

	* * *

	Out of nervousness, my heart beat out of sync like a broken piano. That was how ominous the Inquisitor’s laughter was. I felt like the ground below me had given out and I was sliding down a dark hole I couldn’t see the bottom of.

	“Inquisi—”

	“You look to be well, Lady Goldencup.”

	Lady Silver Lily called out the name given by this world before I could say the name given by the Tower.

	“I heard you were attacked by assassins… You really are a girl who grew up in the outskirts. You’re persistent as a weed. I guess a couple of assassins are nothing to you,” Lady Silver Lily scoffed.

	The Inquisitor smirked. “Did you come all the way here this late at night to compliment my health? I am deeply touched, my lady. I am overjoyed that the crown prince and many others are worried about me despite my shortcomings! I even feel like tonight’s tragedy was in fact a stroke of good fortune!”

	I realized a bit later that there was a sneer in his voice. The normal Inquisitor would never have said those words. Two thorns were hidden in the Inquisitor’s remarks. One was a threat: “Aren’t you the one who hired the assassin?” Another was a taunt: “The crown prince was worried about me and came to see me.”

	The eyes of Lady Silver Lily became venomous.

	“…Even the thoughts in your head are messy, like weeds. A thin line sets apart imagination from delusion. Whether or not one crosses the line is the measure of a person’s dignity. I hope you will keep your manners as a proper noble should.”

	“Oh, I’m sorry! So it wasn’t against etiquette to slap someone on the cheek during a ball? Oh, I grew up in a family from a remote region and didn’t know the etiquette of a duke’s family!

	“If I may, would you be so kind as to invite me to your salon some time? I would love to receive a lesson on etiquette from you. You see, I’m not used to hitting people, so I think I need to learn more about the angle and strength of the hand that goes into a slap.”

	The Inquisitor’s mouth was on fire. I heard a strange drumming sound that I couldn’t quite place. When I listened more closely to the noise… What the hell? The sound was coming from my heart.

	An ominous feeling squeezed my heart and crawled up my neck.

	“Lady Goldencup! How rude of you!”

	“You’re just the daughter of a provincial baron’s family, but you keep making outrageous remarks…”

	The Inquisitor’s waltzing mouth made the duke’s servants indignant. Some of them had given into the crown prince’s persuasion and betrayed their master. I didn’t know if there was one traitor or many, but it wasn’t important right now.

	“My apologies!” I hurriedly got between the gold and the silver.

	Lady Silver Lily’s eyebrows furrowed. “You are…”

	“Lady Goldencup is very shocked due to tonight’s unfortunate incident. As her servant, lowly as I may be, I believe she is in desperate need of some rest. Given the late hour, perhaps the ladies should end their conversation here? I believe we can resolve the misunderstanding tomorrow.”

	Lady Silver Lily pursed her lip. Her servants huffed and puffed behind her, but nothing more. When their master raised her right hand, they all stopped moving and became silent. This would have been impossible if she hadn’t always been very strict with her subordinates.

	“Wait a minute, butler. What are you talking about?” The Inquisitor—Lady Goldencup—of all people, resisted my mediation. “I still have much to talk about. Don’t finish the conversation as you please…”

	“Be quiet.” I grabbed the Inquisitor’s wrist and basically dragged him away.

	“Oh, hold on, butler!” The Inquisitor struggled to break free. “Wait a minute!”

	But I did not let go of his wrist. I really couldn’t let his immersion level get any higher than it already was.

	“My lady.” I looked back just before I left the hallway.

	Lady Silver Lily was looking at us with an enigmatic expression. “…What is it?”

	“I’ve always admired how disciplined the servants of your family are, and this night I had the chance to see it again. Their discipline is admirable indeed, unlike me.” I bowed to her. “I have learned much from you all. Although I am of humble birth, I would like to offer my respect to you, my lady. Excuse us.”

	I dragged the Inquisitor out of the hallway. The Inquisitor gradually became more docile.

	A wide flower garden stretched the span between the ballroom and the dormitory. Newly bloomed magnolias’ heads drooped, and their fragrance wafted through the white flower trees. A nocturnal bird, entranced by the scent of the flowers, touched one of the pale magnolias with its claws, causing it to fall.

	“Wow.” The Inquisitor stepped on the fallen magnolia. “Ah.”

	He stopped and looked up at the night sky. After a while, he turned back to me, looking stunned. The Hunter, who was said to be the craziest in the tower, muttered in disbelief. “Mr. Death King… What did I just say there?”

	* * *

	The Inquisitor and I were quiet as we walked to the dormitory. We exchanged no words. The silence slowed me down, making it a little difficult to walk.

	The way from the garden to the dormitory naturally came to my mind. Perhaps the higher the immersion level was, the clearer the character’s memories became. At this moment, it was hard to judge whether this was a good or a bad thing.

	"Let's make a code word," I said as soon as I closed the door of the dormitory behind me.

	“A code word…” The Inquisitor blinked. “A secret code word…?”

	“This will be really dangerous if we do nothing about it. We need to pull ourselves together.”

	“Yes, we should, Mr. Death King. You’re right. Yes…” The Inquisitor spoke faster than he was thinking. He seemed to be desperately trying to hold onto something as it was slipping away. It was an ominous sign that the person in front of me was in danger.
