	I held the Inquisitor’s head tightly with both hands and forced him to meet my eyes. “When spring comes, magnolias fall.”

	“What…?”

	“When I say ‘When spring comes,’ you answer ‘Magnolias fall.’ That’s our code word to wake up. Now tell me if you understand. When spring comes?”

	“Magnolia…”

	“Again. When spring comes…”

	“Magnolias fall.” The Inquisitor’s eyes grew clearer little by little and looked at me instead of into empty space. He shook his head and then nodded. After repeating the code a number of times, he said, “Okay! I’m myself now!”

	“Good job.”

	“Thank you, Mr. Death King! Hahaha. I seem to have been struck by wonderful surprises all day long today. I don’t think I’ll ever be able to forget this day.”

	“Would you like a cup of tea to calm down?”

	“Yes, please!” The Inquisitor nodded.

	Good. It was too early to give up this try. I wrapped a blanket around the Inquisitor and headed to the kitchen. As expected of an academy where children of the imperial family and noble families attended, there was a kitchen in Lady Goldencup’s room at the dormitory, albeit small.

	I found tea leaves and a kettle without a problem.

	“Wow.” I was dumbfounded as I made the tea. “My body just moves on its own…”

	For my entire life, I had never really brewed tea using anything other than tea bags. But my hands moved as if I had been using a teapot for a long time. My body even enjoyed brewing tea. That was a side effect of immersion.

	Lady Goldencup likes it best when I mix milk into black tea and add a spoonful of honey. I hummed. I asked a servant of the academy to get me some honey for moments like this. It’s a little expensive, but since she’s always very frugal, it’ll be okay…

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 6%.]

	…It wasn’t okay! It wasn’t okay at all! Shit! This fucking romance novel! Why the hell did people in this world get so happy about putting honey in black tea!? I would rather open their skull and spread honey over their synapses. Then I’ll fill them with honeycombs!

	[Shiny is worried about you… but still expresses her minority opinion that you look good in your butler’s uniform.]

	My sword happily flickered away. Perhaps I was imagining things, but the sword’s light seemed to be more radiant today even though its owner was crouched down clutching his head in pain.

	I can't let the butler take over my mind. I clenched my teeth. I can't—not after all I’ve gone through to clear the stages!

	Spite rose within me. I decided not to make tea like my original character. I used a kettle and took out a teacup the butler didn't normally use. When I was done, I gave the tea to the Inquisitor.

	The Inquisitor took a few sips of tea and tilted his head. “Mr. Death King.”

	“Yes?”

	“The tea tastes strange!”

	“So?” I asked.

	“Unless my sense of taste has been dulled, this saltiness is coming from salt. Am I wrong?”

	“That tea is supposed to taste like that.”

	“Oh, it is? I think this is closer to salt water than tea. If I measured the salinity, it would probably be classified as plain salt water.”

	“Just shut up and drink.”

	“Understood! I’ll shut up and drink!” The Inquisitor slurped down the tea, smiling brightly. “Thank you for the tea! It was salty!”

	Yes, this was how that should be. My natural-born psycho finally regained his usual innocence.

	“So, what are you going to do now?”

	“We should make the villainess and the crown prince fall in love.” I sighed. “Or at least we should crush any romance between Lady Goldencup and the crown prince. Let’s try to make one of the two endings happen.”

	“Operation Crushy Crush…”

	The Inquisitor named the operation as he pleased, but, well, it didn’t matter. I preferred the latter of the two endings as well.

	I’ve never been in a relationship, so I don’t know much about love, but won’t it be easier to break a couple than make one? I thought.

	Both the Inquisitor and I agreed on this one hundred percent.

	“For that to happen, the crown prince’s love for Lady Goldencup has to die! Do you have any plans for making that happen?”

	“Yes, I do.” It had come to me when I had been making tea earlier and almost lost my mind. We needed to take special measures for this stage.

	There was actually a very effective way to weaken the crown prince’s love toward Lady Goldencup while also maintaining both of our sanity—especially mine.

	“What’s your plan?”

	“All else aside, the more you act like Lady Goldencup and the more I immerse myself in a butler’s mindset, the more our immersion level will increase. Let’s think it the other way around: what would happen if we acted nothing like Lady Goldencup and her butler? Our immersion level might drop. Even if it doesn’t, at least it won’t increase. How does that sound?”

	The Inquisitor’s eyes lit up. “…Indeed. It’s a simple but good method, as expected of you, Mr. Death King! You’re really the Hunter who cleared the once unchallengeable tenth floor and made it to the twentieth floor fast as lightning!”

	“Thank you for the compliment. I like it. Well, anyway, my plan is simple” I flicked my fingers and activated my Skill. “From now on, you’ll become the delinquent young noble lady, and I’ll be the bad butler.”

	The Inquisitor tilted his head. “Huh?”

	Monster Legion Reincarnation was active. I didn’t need to summon a lot like I had done in the Heavenly Demon Chronicle. We needed one specific monster—and desperately.

	My shadow slowly transformed into a man with a ponytail. He looked like the most stuck-up person in the universe.

	“Hey…” His name was Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor. As soon as I summoned him, his face crumpled like a wad of tissue paper. “You son of bitch, what kind of fuckery are you trying to make me do this time—”

	“Abracadabra. It’s time to be quiet.” I flicked my fingers once more.

	“—Ugh, ugh! Ughhhhh!”

	No matter how harsh he spoke, he couldn’t disobey my orders. He just kept wriggling like a caterpillar trapped in a spider web. Looking at Yoo Soo-Ha made my gloominess fade away a lot. How should I put it? I felt like I was closing the lid on a trash can. It also felt like the fine dust in my heart was washed away. The man was like the dustbin of a vacuum cleaner.

	“Mr. Inquisitor.”

	“Yes, Mr. Death King!”

	“You look too much like a model student,” I said, seriously. “Everything you do is done out of very pure, innocent intentions. You’re far from the perfectly delinquent young lady. Too far.”

	The Inquisitor’s ears perked up. “Ah, if there is anything I lack, please teach me! I’ll learn!”

	“Yes, I’ll set up a one-on-one lesson for you.” I slowly looked at Yoo Soo-ha. “I have the best tutor to lead you to the path of delinquency.”

	“Haha, I’m looking forward to it!” The Inquisitor smiled like a puppy.

	“Ugh… Ugh! Ugh!” Yoo Soo-Ha grimaced like the son of a bitch he was.

	Between the puppy and the son of a bitch, I found myself nodding seriously. Seriously.

	“Okay, let’s become delinquents.”

	The next day, Sormwin Academy was turned upside down.

Chapter 93

Falling (3)

	Romantic Fantasy Rule 3: Want to spark some love between two people? First, make them hate each other. Hatred is lightning, and affection is thunder. When one is blinded by the lightning, they hear the ringing of the thunder.

	* * *

	“How are you?”

	“Yes, I feel great. I had such a good night’s sleep. How about you? Did you rest well?”

	“I feel refreshed, too. Maybe it’s because of the good dream I had. I feel like having two pieces of toast this morning now.”

	“Oh. I really want to hear what kind of dream you had. How do you feel about dining together?”

	“Oh my. That sounds wonderful!”

	“Hoho.”

	On the way to Sormwin Academy, the students greeted each other with elegant smiles and words. “Oh, my,” and “Hoho,” were heard from here and there on the magnolia-lined road.

	Even a choir of baby birds or a garden of tulips in full bloom couldn’t be more peaceful than this scene. This precious moment, sparkling like a diamond, would cleanse anyone’s soul.

	“Ah, Lady Goldencup. Are you having a fine morning?”

	And diamond was nothing more than a slightly shiny coal. It burned really well when it was lit.

	“No! I’m not at all fine!”

	“Huh?”

	The Inquisitor smiled brightly at the young lady who had greeted him. “There’s no way I’m fine! I almost got killed by those assassin bastards last night, so I couldn’t sleep all night. That’s already frustrating as hell. How can you ask me if I’m fine? Is there anything in that head of yours?”

	“What?”

	“No, of course there isn’t. If there was, you wouldn’t greet someone who almost died last night with ‘Are you having a fine morning?’ Hahaha! It’s not me you need to be asking, it’s your head! Is your head fine? Is your skull all good? How about your brain?”

	“Uh… huh? What?”

	“Ahhh! Oh, cat got your tongue? It’s probably because your brain has gone too bad, so the cat made do with your tongue. It’s okay. I understand! For a mind to be well and clear, it needs a healthy body. How could your mind be alright when your head is damaged? You should go to the infirmary right away. In other words, please get lost!”

	“…Uh, ah…?” The young lady staggered and eventually fainted.

	Thank goodness the young lady’s servant had caught her. Otherwise, she would have gone rolling down the road. The students exchanging morning greetings like usual shrieked.

	“Lady White Orchid Flower! Are you okay?”

	“Oh my! She’s so pale…”

	“Someone, please call an academy doctor right away!”

	“Breathe! Can you hear me?! You have to breathe!”

	“Lady Goldencup! W-what did you just say…!?”

	The peacefully singing baby birds all flew away, and a bomb exploded in the serene tulip garden. The diamond was burning brightly. The noble ladies couldn’t hide their shock while skillfully taking care of their unconscious classmate.

	The Inquisitor smiled brightly. “What’s all the fuss about? She didn’t know how to read the room and asked me if I was fine, so I just asked her if her head was okay!”

	“W-what?” The young lady nearby opened and closed her mouth. “You asked if… her head is okay…?”

	“Ah. Your hair is red. It’s beautiful. Is it possible that it’s stained from your skull cracking and a little bit of your brain leaking out? Hahaha. Your empty little head is in danger of getting even emptier. Please put it back!” The Inquisitor shot her an angelic smile.

	She staggered.

	“My lady!”

	“Ahhhh! Lady Plum Blossom!”

	“Is the doctor not here yet!?”

	“What are those doctors getting paid for?”

	“Someone get us some water!”

	“Guards! Guards!”

	Chaos arrived. It was a downright apocalyptic sight. The world hadn’t met its doom yet, but the way to Sormwin Academy was utterly devastated.

	The Inquisitor, who had single-handedly reduced a twenty-meter radius area to ashes with his tongue, smiled without a trace of malice—although he had dark bags under his eyes due to the all night lesson yesterday.

	“Hahaha, Mr. Death King, this is great! My immersion level didn’t increase at all.”

	He was doing a great job. The Fire Emperor’s one-on-one lesson was amazingly effective.

	“I’ll trust you completely forever! Your plans are very reliable!”

	I bowed in a butler-like manner. “Thank you for the compliment, my lady.”

	“No problem! But is stepping on my foot right now also a way to stop my immersion level from increasing? My big toe hurts a little.”

	“I have to do this to act like a bad butler. Endure it.”

	“Understood!” The Inquisitor nodded fervently.

	On that morning, a total of fourteen young noble ladies were admitted to the academy’s infirmary. Word of what had occurred in front of the girls’ dormitory spread throughout the academy like wildfire. It became known as the “How is your brain?” incident.

	* * *

	The cafeteria, the main building, the garden… The students were gossiping about this incident everywhere in the academy.

	“Lady Goldencup has gone crazy.”

	“She’s become a completely different person since the attack yesterday…”

	“She is possessed by a demon.”

	“Two young ladies and one young lord grew suspicious of the rumors and bravely left to reveal the truth, but they’re yet to return.”

	“Isn’t she more attractive now?”

	“So who ordered the assassination of Lady Goldencup?”

	“The unofficial club of Sormwin Academy, ‘All Older Sisters’ Younger Siblings Club (AOSYSC),’ welcomes the recent changes of Lady Goldencup. We encourage all Sormwin students to change their perception.”

	“Many witnesses saw Lady Goldencup’s butler mixing salt into her black tea.”

	“That’s dangerous.”

	“Assassination.”

	“His Highness is handling it.”

	“She’s gone mad.”

	“I’m going crazy.”

	“A moderate intake of salt is good for your health… Is the salt in her black tea for her health?”

	“Big Sister Goldencup.”

	The rumors snowballed into an urban myth.

	“Lady Goldencup. You insulted my master!”

	But even if the rumors were becoming myth, it was still true that fourteen young noble ladies had fainted. Naturally, their servants couldn’t help but be angry.

	Although they couldn’t dare attack a noble lady, it was easy to challenge me, who was a servant just like them, to a duel. When it came lunchtime, the angry servants lined up to fight me.

	“For the sake of my master and her family’s honor, I can’t just sit back and watch. Please allow me to duel with your servant, my lady!”

	The Inquisitor nodded. “Understood! Please resolve this amicab—”

	“Wait a minute.” I secretly stepped on the Inquisitor’s foot.

	“Ouch!” he whispered. “What’s wrong?”

	“If you decide to act like a delinquent noble lady, you need to commit to the act,” I hissed. “Don’t say yes to things right away. That isn’t delinquent.”

	“Oh, I see. Then how do I become more delinquent?”

	“Do as I say.”

	The servants who had requested a duel watched us whisper back and forth with bewildered expressions.

	After a while, the Inquisitor had a look of enlightenment. “Good! You may duel my servant, as you wish.”

	“Oh, thank you for your permission. Then we’ll get to it right—”

	“But! You have to pay me if you want to duel with him!”

	The servants blinked. “…Pardon?”

	“I’m saying that if you want to get something from me, you have to pay for it.” The Inquisitor sat on the garden bench and then crossed his legs. His smile was dominating.

	If children saw the Inquisitor right now, they would call him “Big Sister!”

	“My butler belongs to my family. I’m the only one from my family in this academy, so he’s mine. What are you going to do if my asset gets damaged during the duel? Will you take responsibility?”

	“Uh, uh…”

	The servants were perplexed. A duel was supposed to be sacred, but Lady Goldencup was demanding money like a thug.

	“Uh, how much should we pay you?”

	“I can make do with five gold coins!”

	Like I had taught him, the Inquisitor made sure to drive the knife home.

	“Oh-ho. Don’t tell me your loyalty to your masters is worth less than five gold coins, people.”

	It was a bit pitiful to see the servants taking out gold coins one by one. Some of the servants had pretty long faces. Many of them looked worried and questioned if it was really honorable to pay for a duel for their young ladies. However, when one or two people began to put in gold coins, the other servants joined in. There was no backing out now.

	“Here you go, my lady.”

	“Alright!”

	“Here is mine…”

	“Yes. Well received!”

	“Um, I’m sorry. I only have silver coins right now. Would you accept change as well…?”

	“I’ll take it all!”

	The Inquisitor thoroughly fleeced them of their money. The coins jingled their way into his pocket, washing away the elegance of the young lady who had received her title from the emperor.

	The servant resembled their master. I stretched my neck like a gangster.

	“Hmm.”

	More than ten servants were awkwardly looking at me.

	“I’m asking just in case.”

	“W-what is it?”

	I raised my holy sword in its sheath. “Any of you starved for over a week?”

	Rhythmical thumps drifted out of the garden. I knocked down the servants one by one like a drummer, getting them covered in dirt.

	“Ouch!”

	“Gah. Ugh!”

	The servants screamed with numerous students watching the fight. I looked around and saw that the students were appalled. Behind me, the Inquisitor was playing with one of the coins, humming.

	The screams, the gasps of shock, and the jingling sound of coins. This trinity of melodies formed a perfect harmony.

	At that moment, someone rushed through the crowd of students.

	“Sy-Sylvia! What in the world is going on right now!”

	It was the crown prince, the ramen of this apocalyptic book. The blond ramen was totally bewildered. Seeing the overcooked ramen look on his face was such a joy. The Inquisitor and I had gotten our payback for his surprise last night.

	“I did hear that you had suddenly become strange, but I thought that was just another malicious rumor. What in the world are you doing with your fellow students…?” the crown prince muttered, confused. Then he glared at me. “You!”

	His eyes were quite fierce for a bowl of ramen soup mixed with rice.

	“What are you standing around here for!” he yelled. “When your master made a misjudgment because of her fatigue, you, her servant, should have done everything in your power to make her see reason! Instead, you rashly wield your sword! You are not only a third-rate butler, but you also have no right to call yourself a proper servant. You hear me? You have no right!”

	“I apologize, Your Highness.” I hung the holy sword back on my belt and then bowed. “I don’t listen to anyone’s opinion other than Lady Goldencup’s. If she believes I’m a third-rate butler, then I am. I’ll stand down if she thinks I have no right to call myself her servant. If not, I’ll remain her faithful butler.”

	“After this… farce… You shameless…” The crown prince’s lip moved a bit before he closed his mouth and shook his head. Perhaps he thought that quarreling with a servant like me was meaningless. “Sylvia, I’ve told you many times: you shouldn’t have a man like him as your butler. There are many butler candidates in the palace that have been trained with great care. If I ask His Majesty, I can bring one of the most capable among them. It’ll be okay! Don’t worry. He adores you.”

	Wow.

	The students watching everything were amazed. Some young ladies’ eyes were tinted with a rosy hue after the crown prince’s open expression of affection. They sighed and whispered.

	“How tragic. The crown prince’s fiance is Lady Silver Lily…”

	“But their engagement was made before their birth. It’s from ages ago. And the rumor that His Majesty cherishes Lady Goldencup has been going around for a long time, so maybe…”

	“Ah, what a predicament!”

	Despite their sighs, the young ladies’ eyes sparkled. There was no romance scandal as fiery as that of a member of the imperial family. People would be heartbroken if their diamond was burned away, but they would pay a fortune to see someone else’s diamond burning brightly, especially if it was the most splendid one in the empire.

	“What do you think, Sylvia?” The crown prince approached and grabbed the Inquisitor’s wrist. “Will you grant my earnest request?”

	The Inquisitor looked at the crown prince. I was nervous—which one was stronger? The love of Lady Goldencup, the female lead, or the ego of the Inquisitor, who was playing the delinquent noble lady? I did my best to help the latter get the upper hand, but ultimately the Inquisitor was the one fighting the battle. He and I could lose the match.

	“…Your Highness,” the Inquisitor slowly said, “what perfume did you wear today?”

	“What?”

	“I apologize for my rudeness, but it smells a little unfamiliar to me.”

	A bright smile spread across the Inquisitor’s face. He naturally broke free from the crown prince’s grip and snapped his fan open, only his grinning eyes visible above the fan. “Have you found out who was behind the assassins who attacked me yesterday?”

	“N-no… The investigation is still ongoing.”

	“Had my butler not been by my side last night, I would have probably been harmed! So if you care about me, I ask that you respect my butler. Besides, I believe the butler not only saved my life but also the honor of the academy. Your Highness, there is no one I trust more than my butler!”

	The blonde ramen started boiling.

	And the Inquisitor laughed behind his fan. “Hohohoho!”

	It was the most romantic laugh in the world.

Chapter 94

The Villain (1)

	Has anyone loved you as much as I do?

	Has anyone caressed you as carefully as I do?

	Has anyone’s eyes been more eager to meet yours than mine?

	Has anyone touched you as softly as I did?

	There probably isn't anyone. I’m sure there isn’t.

	I'll make sure of it.

	* * *

	“Ohohohoho!”

	A romantic laugh echoed through the garden.

	In the face of the laughter, the crown prince couldn’t hide his sadness. “S-Sylvia……?”

	“Ohohoho! Yes, Your Highness!”

	“Isn't your laughter a bit flippant? O-of course, your voice is always as charming as birdsong. No matter how you chirp, it sounds like music to my ears. But since we’re nobles…”

	“Ohohohohoho! I like how I laugh very much!”

	“I-is that so?” The crown prince muttered reluctantly. “I-I see… I see… No, if I listen carefully, it seems okay. Hmm… Hmm. Yes! It’s okay. It’s more than okay! It’s beautiful. I discovered a new charm of yours today.”

	What was wrong with this blonde ramen? His love for Lady Goldencup was still hot? But the students around were all looking at us with dead eyes.

	—Zombie. The Guardian, who had been quiet since entering the apocalyptic book, opened his mouth. I’ve been just watching and trying not to interfere with how you clear this book. But it’s so frustrating that I can’t do that anymore. Hey, are you serious?

	Serious? What?

	—You really think it’s easier to break a couple than make one?

	Yeah, I answered.

	—I’m sorry to break your bubble, but that really depends… on which couple you’re talking about, the Guardian said. He looked like a mountain gorilla prince who was suddenly locked up in a zoo.

	Does it actually matter which couple we’re talking about?

	—Yeah, you make it obvious that you’ve never dated anyone. Everyone’s love is different. There is a kind of love that can’t be stopped no matter how hard you try to sever it. To my eyes, that crown prince guy is like—

	“Sylvia!” the crown prince shouted in the middle of the Guardian’s sentence. “Every facet of you is brilliant and colorful, like a kaleidoscope. You were a falling snowflake yesterday, and you are a blooming plum blossom today. Yes, you’re right—how a person laughs isn’t determined from birth, and no law says how nobles should laugh. I’ll use this chance to change how I laugh too. Mwahahahahaha!”

	This nutjob…

	And an unbelievable duet started under the clear sky of the garden.

	“Ohhoho!”

	“Mwhahaha!”

	“Ohohohohoho!”

	“Mwahahahahahaha!”

	And there was the couple of the century. I was speechless.

	W-what in the world is love that makes people like that…?

	It was shocking.

	—Again, you’ve never fallen in love. You don’t know what that feels like to be in love, and those kids’ relationships are tangled as hell. So how the heck are you going to do it? The Guardian clicked his tongue. Some people ruined their country trying to look cool in front of their loved ones. The idea of becoming a bad guy and blocking immersion was good, but it’s not enough to end someone’s love. Yeah, it’s not nearly enough.

	The Guardian suddenly started to look like a very mature adult. Was it possible that I actually had an inferiority complex about the fact that I had never dated anyone? Was that why I felt like this? Wasn’t that too much of a blow to my pride? He was just a mountain gorilla.

	First, I stepped between the crown prince and the Inquisitor, intentionally provoking the prince.

	“You…” The crown prince scowled. He knew what I was trying to do.

	“Lady Goldencup said she trusts me the most,” I said.

	Now, let’s see if your love is still hot even after this, I thought.

	“Your Highness, you are a noble, and I am from humble birth. But, while you are usually far away, I am always by her side. Her family is my home, and her life is my service.”

	The young ladies watching us in the garden shrieked in excitement.

	—No. What the heck? Hey, hey! the Guardian shouted. Idiot! Oh, you goddamn virgin! You really have no idea how love works! He’s the crown prince of an empire—he’s damn prideful! If you do that, the crown prince will be even more jealous—!

	“Huh!” The crown prince ground his teeth. “You’ve gotten very arrogant after idling around her under the pretense of being her butler. Fine—then I’ll take care of Sylvia when I’m at the academy. You can go back home.”

	No. You’re a crown prince! Did your mad love make you literally mad? I screamed silently.

	“Ohohohoho!”

	Mr. Inquisitor. You’re being distracting now, so please stop laughing, I grumbled.

	“…What is going on here?”

	The students’ chatter came to a screeching halt. The silence lasted only a second, but it was long enough for the young noble ladies and lords to bow and make way.

	Only the crown prince’s head remained raised. His brow furrowed.

	“…Lady Silver Lily.”

	A young noble lady was walking toward us, her hair shining like moonlight.

	* * *

	“I heard you asked for a sick leave this morning,” the crown prince said. “I thought you would miss school today, but you seem to be feeling better. Your heart is quite the troublemaker, isn’t it, Lady Silver Lily?”

	Instead of answering, Lady Silver Lily glanced around first. The students, who had been making a fuss about the imperial romance scandal, ducked their heads when her eyes passed over them. Only after she had made them submit did she finally say, “How have you been, Your Highness? Thanks to your attention, it was peaceful last night.”

	“…Is that so? I’m glad to hear it. You spend half the year on sick leave, so a day like today is precious. Since it’s a sunny spring day, why don’t you go on a nice, long walk?” His voice was cold. His offer was basically a demand for her to get lost.

	In contrast to his desperate expression of love for Lady Goldencup, he was aloof to Lady Silver Lily—so aloof that it was a little strange.

	Even if he’s a crown prince, he can't treat a duke’s daughter like this without consequences… I wondered.

	However, Lady Silver Lily was calm.

	“A walk sounds good. If the spring wind gets a little stronger, the magnolia petals will fall. I’m worried that those flowers will be lonely if I enjoy them alone,” Lady Silver Lily riposted. Unlike last night, her speech was smoothly delivered. “Your Highness, why don’t we leave this noisy, dusty place? We can take a walk and comfort the spring flowers.”

	“Ha. Why should I—”

	“Lady Goldencup.” Lady Silver Lily looked at the Inquisitor. “Come with us.”

	The crown prince stopped talking.

	All eyes were focused on the Inquisitor. The Inquisitor fanned himself and glanced at me, silently asking me what to do and if it was wise to follow them. He looked like he would follow my lead on this expedition completely.

	Would it be okay? Both Lady Silver Lily and the crown prince were dangerous because just being with those two increased our immersion level. The Inquisitor became more like Lady Goldencup, and I got closer to becoming her butler. That was incredibly dangerous, but nothing would be solved if I did nothing.

	“What’s your immersion level right now?” I whispered to the Inquisitor. “Has it gone up?”

	“Yes, it’s gone up a little,” the Inquisitor whispered back. “My immersion level is currently at seventeen percent. Haha, an increase of two percent since yesterday. It increased one percent while I was listening to the crown prince’s talk, and another two percent when I saw Lady Silver Lily.”

	Two percent. Compared to how the immersion level had gone up like crazy yesterday, the speed of increase had certainly slowed down. Should we take the risk and enter the tiger’s den now? If not now, when would be the right time?

	I looked into the Inquisitor’s eyes. “When spring comes?”

	“Magnolias falls, Mr. Death King.” The Inquisitor smiled brightly.

	Okay. I’d made up my mind.

	“Good. Let’s follow them, my lady.”

	“I trust your judgment, my butler.” The Inquisitor skillfully folded his fan. “Ohohoho! How can I say no when you personally invited me to walk, Lady Silver Lily? I will gladly accept your invitation!”

	Lady Silver Lily lightly frowned as she turned. “Follow us quietly.”

	* * *

	The place she took us was a remote villa she stayed in. She didn’t live in the dormitory, probably because of her family’s great power.

	“Are you telling me to take a walk here?” the crown prince, who was forced to come, grumbled.

	Lady Silver Lily’s villa was unusually fancy for a student’s residence. However, the crown prince had grown up in the palace, so he didn’t seem particularly impressed by such extravagance.

	“Of course not, ” Lady Silver Lily nonchalantly replied as she walked. Her shoes clattered against the hallway floor. “The walk was an excuse.”

	“What?”

	“Too many people were watching in the garden, so I couldn’t talk about it. This matter needs to be kept secret.”

	“…A secret?”

	“It’s about dealing with the assassins who dared to intrude on the cradle of the nobles, Your Highness. We shouldn’t speak of it rashly. It might cause turmoil among the people.”

	The crown prince kept his mouth shut. From what I could tell, the one who had hired the assassin was the crown prince. Maybe I was imagining things, but Lady Silver Lily’s calm voice seemed to say that she already knew what he had done.

	“…Are you saying you caught the culprit?” The crown prince frowned. “My investigation hasn’t made any breakthroughs yet, so how did you—”

	“Lady Goldencup’s butler gave me a clue,” Lady Silver Lily interjected. She didn’t stop moving. “I kicked Lady Goldencup and her butler out of the ball last night. I admit I overreacted, but I only told my servants to kick them out of the ballroom. I never ordered them to be locked up anywhere. And it seems that some of my subordinates were harboring malice.”

	Lady Silver Lily brought us to the staircase leading into the basement of her villa. She stood in front of the entrance and looked back, her eyes expressionless. “Shall we go down, Your Highness?”

	“…I don’t see any servants. Strange. Where did they all go?”

	“Are you worried? Of course you are. I’ll go first.” Lady Silver Lily went down the stairs, denying the crown prince the chance to ask questions. Her footsteps disappeared into the basement as the darkness swallowed her.

	The crown prince gulped and went down the stairs. We followed him.

	A distinctive scent became thicker as we went down the stairs. It was one that I had grown too familiar with: the smell of blood. The Inquisitor and I were calm, but the crown prince’s shoulders kept twitching as he walked ahead of us.

	“…I apologize for bringing you to such a humble place, Your Highness.” Lady Silver Lily bowed slightly.

	In the basement, three people were tied to chairs. All of them were the servants of the duke that I had seen briefly last night.

	“They orchestrated the attack on Lady Goldencup last night.”

	Watching how all three of them were soaked in blood, the crown prince’s hands trembled. Even I frowned a little. The only ones whose expressions didn’t change after coming down the stairs were the Inquisitor and Lady Silver Lily.

	It was understandable that the Inquisitor was calm since he was the leader of the Pantheon. He had carried out countless tortures and interrogations in the Tower, but Lady Silver Lily was just the daughter of a duke. She looked so delicate—as if formed from pure moonlight—that it felt like she was going to faint at any moment. However, she stood there as if she was very used to this kind of place.

	“I spent all of last night investigating. As a result, I learned that they committed the crime for personal revenge,” she explained.

	And then I remembered that the young lady in front of me was the one who was going to destroy this world.

	“Personal… revenge?”

	“Yes. Would you like to listen to their stories?” Lady Silver Lily grabbed one of the servants by the hair.

	“Ahh!” The servant’s eyes popped open from pain. He looked at us only with his left eye—it didn’t look like he could open his other eye.

	“His Highness has arrived. Show some manners.”

	“My lady, ugh… My lady…

	“You conspired with your colleagues to hire an assassin, then you sent them after Lady Goldencup. Tell His Highness why you are trying to take her life,” Lady Silver Lily coldly ordered.

	“My lady… M-my lady…

	“If you tell the truth, your family won’t be punished.”

	“L-Lady Goldencup… is just the daughter of a lowly baron from the outskirts, but she doesn’t know her place and dares to seduce His Highness… Ah, y-you’ve been His Highness’s rightful fiance for a long time… But…”

	This person was dangerous.

	“That young lady of the baron kept trying to ruin it… I got so angry that I lost my head… and I did something foolish. I’m sorry. I’m sorry, my lady. I’m sorry, Your Highness…”

	“Is there someone else who ordered you three to hire assassins?”

	“No, there wasn’t. Nobody told us anything…”

	No, he was giving a false confession.

	“Are you saying that it was done solely by you three?”

	“Yes… That’s right, my lady… That’s right…”

	It was to protect the crown prince.

	“Did you really do that?”

	“I said nothing but the truth…” The servant’s voice was barely audible now.

	“Yes, okay.”

	To protect the crown prince of this country, Lady Silver Lily deliberately incited a false confession. I had a feeling that she had gotten all three of the servants’ stories straight and perfectly fabricated all of the evidence and alibis.

	They were the crown prince’s underlings, and the crown prince was the mastermind who had led them to lock the Inquisitor and me in the storage room. When the two of us had been in danger, he had shown up and tried to act like a hero. That truth was never going to be revealed because Lady Silver Lily was going to bury it all in this basement.

	All for the crown prince, the man who would suffer the greatest blow if the truth were revealed.

	“Your Highness.” Lady Silver Lily looked up to see the crown prince. “Punish them.”

	The crown prince flinched. “Punish them…?”

	“They tried to kill Lady Goldencup, for whom you care very dearly, Your Highness. These criminals also invaded the cradle of the nobles. It’s only right to punish them, and as their crown prince you have the authority to do so.”

	The crown prince didn’t move.

	“Why are you hesitating?” Lady Silver Lily asked. “Is it possible that the truth behind this incident is different from what my investigation found? I’ll ask you not as a student of this academy, but as your subject: Your Highness, if my investigation is insufficient, please postpone the execution of the punishment. Given the gravity of the matter, I’ll send a message to His Majesty’s special forces.”

	As soon as I heard “His Majesty’s special forces,” the butler’s memory came back to me. They were the hunting dogs who only had one master: the emperor. These were the best swordsmen and wizards in the empire and were granted absolute autonomy in their investigations. The reason why the crown prince was able to assume his current position was because these hunting dogs had eaten up the previous crown prince for his corrupt acts.

	“However, there should be no need to bother postponing the punishment if you are satisfied with my investigation.” Lady Silver Lily bowed.

	There was a sword on the basement floor that seemed to have been prepared for this.

	“Punish them here.” Lady Silver Lily rolled up her sleeves as if she was used to such things, revealing the countless scars that covered her arms. “And, as I failed to properly manage the servants of my family…”

	Those scars were from being stabbed, cut, scratched, beaten, and burned. They were like worms eating away at the once-white arms of the duke’s daughter. No, it wasn’t just her arms. She also had long marks leading up to her shoulders that looked like worms had been ripped out from underneath her skin. From those, I could tell that her entire body was covered in scars.

	Bowing, she whispered, “…please punish me.”

	Lady Silver Lily, the villainess of this world.

	“As always, I’ll bear all of the sins.”

	The crown prince trembled.

Chapter 95

The Villain (2)

	“…My dear daughter… Don’t expect anything… Don’t rely on anything. That’s the secret of life… Every time you tell yourself, ‘Maybe it’ll be different this time,’ the world will whisper to you, ‘It’s no different this time either.’ Being fooled once is an experience. While it’s a tragedy to be deceived twice, being fooled three times is comedy.

	“…You are a noble. Be careful not to let your life become someone else’s comedy. Don’t give yourself three chances… Two. Two wounds are enough to be remembered forever. Those old kings commemorated their deaths before they died. Don’t repeat their foolishness by building monuments in the desert, my dear daughter.

	“…If you still want to entrust yourself to the world, remember: you aren’t lending your life to people. Don’t try to be someone’s debtor. Give without expecting to get it back. Give it all. Forgive people for holding a carnival on your corpse. Give them your hair, fingers, and everything else. From your purest sacrifice to your most innocent joy and purest hope, they will glut themselves on everything you have.

	“…Leave nothing behind in this world. Nothing.”

	With those words, her mother died. Her body was cremated afterward.

	* * *

	The basement was quiet.

	“What is wrong, Your Highness?” Lady Silver Lily’s soft voice asked.

	The air was cold. The interrogated servants were bleeding, but the pools of their fresh blood couldn’t warm the basement at all.

	“As crown prince of this empire, please punish me.”

	“Ha, ha.” The crown prince laughed faintly.

	No, was that really laughing? The corners of his lips were barely raised. They quivered in a miserable farce of levity. As if he were running away, he quickly turned to look at the Inquisitor and me, silently asking us what we thought of this outrageous situation.

	“Your Highness,” Lady Silver Lily sharply said, blocking his attempt at escape. “Shall I report their crimes to His Majesty’s special forces?”

	The crown prince froze.

	“Are you trying to follow in the deposed crown prince’s footsteps? Are you testing how far His Majesty will forgive you?”

	Lady Silver Lily’s tone was quiet and polite, but the duke’s daughter was clearly cornering the crown prince. And it was effective.

	The emperor’s heir moaned, his hands trembling. He grabbed the sword that Lady Silver Lily offered him. But the crown prince’s determination was only sufficient to make him hold the sword. It didn’t motivate him to take the next step.

	“Sylvia…” The crown prince let the tip of the sword hang limply.

	He stared blankly at the Inquisitor and me. Was he hoping that someone would come forward and stop Lady Silver Lily?

	The Inquisitor smiled widely. “That was some neat work! I like how you involved not only His Highness but also me and my butler. Haha, everyone is an accomplice, so we have to keep our mouths shut. His Highness is glad that his mistake will be covered up, and I’m glad that you’re punished, Lady Silver Lily!”

	“S-Sylvia?”

	“The problem is, it seems that you’re the only one who isn’t benefiting from this.” The Inquisitor’s eyes curled into twinkling crescent moons. “How do you benefit from handling the matter like this? Three loyal servants of your family are going to die, and you’re going to accept corporal punishment in place of His Highness. I’m very curious about what you think about all this.”

	“I don’t know what you are talking about. As I said, these are servants of my family, and I am their young lady. Taking responsibility for their mistakes is only na—”

	“Haha, that sounds beautiful, but it’s inefficient for discussion! Let’s be honest for more efficiency. Why are you willing to get punished in place of His Highness? Lady Silver Lily, is it perhaps your way of love?”

	The golden lady and the silver lady eyed each other for a moment. The only sound in the basement was the sound of breathing.

	“I’m doing what I must do as a subject of the empire, Lady Goldencup,” Lady Silver Lily calmly answered. She didn’t even blink. “Calculating profit and reward is disloyal. You may find that difficult to understand since you grew up in a family from the outskirts.”

	“Are you saying that you don’t expect anything in return?”

	“If you intend to extract an answer, you may as well give up now. Whether you understand me or not doesn’t matter to me.”

	“Interesting…” The Inquisitor let out a long breath.

	It was hard for me to guess what that meant, but one thing was certain: the Inquisitor’s reaction was definitely not what the crown prince had been hoping for. The Inquisitor wasn’t planning on stopping Lady Silver Lily. The crown prince, who had been clinging to his love, now had a look of despair on his face.

	So I had no choice but to interrupt.

	“…Please wait a moment, my lady.”

	“Yes, butler? What is it?”The Inquisitor tilted his head and looked at me.

	“If those servants are really the ones who instigated your assassination, we also have a right to punish them. It isn’t right to leave the execution of the punishment solely to His Highness.” I turned my head.

	My mouth felt dry. To solve this political imbroglio, I concentrated on coming up with the best solution—I didn’t hesitate to use the butler’s knowledge too.

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 7%.]

	Despite my papery tongue, I told myself that that was okay for now.

	“…The same goes for Lady Silver Lily. She was betrayed by her loyal servants, so I believe she deserves to punish the servants more than anyone.”

	“Oh… In other words?” the Inquisitor asked.

	“Three servants have committed the crime, and coincidentally, there are also three people qualified to punish them.”

	I looked at the servants tied to the chairs.

	“How about you punish one of them each? After all, the reason why Lady Silver Lily brought us here in the first place is that she wished to make us her accomplices… And it also seems like His Highness can’t handle the execution of the punishment alone, so it would be reasonable for the three of you to share the duty equally.”

	Silence hung in the air.

	“Hmm.” The Inquisitor closed one eye.

	Lady Silver Lily’s brow silently furrowed.

	“That’…” The crown prince’s eyes lit up. “That’s right! What Sylvia’s butler said is right. Lady Silver Lily was betrayed by her servants, Sylvia was attacked, and I need to enforce the laws of the empire! Everyone has their own reasons, so it’s best that each of us takes charge of executing one criminal!”

	“Your Highness, a ruler shouldn’t share his duty with others—”

	“Be quiet!” The crown prince threw his sword at Lady Silver Lily hysterically.

	The scabbard hit her leg and dropped to the floor. The throw was hard enough to leave a bruise on her legs, but she remained expressionless.

	“When anything happens, all you say is kill them, punish them, execute them! It’s like that’s all you know how to say! How many people do you think I’ve had to kill already!?”

	“It’s your duty as this empire’s next ruler.”

	“I am not a murderer or a butcher! You venomous woman, if you want to see blood that badly, you should kill them!”

	The crown prince huffed and puffed.

	Lady Silver Lily quietly looked at the crown prince with a gaze that seemed to make time freeze. The thin coat of ice shattered as she slowly bent down and picked up the sword. Her left hand gripped the scabbard and her right hand wrapped around the hilt. She skillfully drew the sword, revealing the blade. It gleamed the same cold hue as her hair. “Then please give me the order at least, Your Highness.”

	“O-order?”

	“Yes, Your Highness. Order me to execute them. Why are you hesitating? Have you forgotten how to command? Are you giving up your right as a crown prince too?”

	The crown prince took a deep breath. “Kill… Kill them…”

	His voice was barely audible, as if it wasn’t meant to be heard, but Lady Silver Lily never acted without meaning. The blade sliced through the air. Blood was spilled, and something thicker was sliced as well—flesh.

	After taking a life, Lady Silver Lily’s shoulders shook slightly as if she were sighing. But that was it. She looked at us now.

	I realized why I felt a premonition in my heart as I watched her.

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 8%.]

	The premonition was my intuition telling me that she would stand in Lady Goldencup’s way one day. My compulsive desire to eliminate Lady Goldencup’s potential problems was pouring oil on it. That was why my immersion level was rising like crazy.

	“Hahaha. I’m becoming more and more interested in you! How nice!” The Inquisitor laughed loudly. “It’s certainly problematic to leave the people who ordered the assassination alive. Please hand me the sword. I’ll take care of the second one and become your accomplice!”

	How many people had the Inquisitor killed so far? I wasn’t sure, but it was clear that he was no amateur in this area. As soon as he received the sword, he inhaled sharply and delivered the execution with one swift blow.

	Now only one servant was left, and one person to punish him.

	“Ah…” The crown prince gaped at the Inquisitor; he’d never expected that “Lady Goldencup” would execute the servant so easily. “Ugh, urgh…!”

	And then something surprising—downright unbelievable—happened. Before Lady Silver Lily could say anything, the crown prince stumbled back several steps, and then turned and ran.

	The Inquisitor gasped.

	No one had expected this, so the crown prince almost succeeded in escaping. Yes, he would have succeeded if I, who had been standing behind the group, hadn’t blocked the way to the stairs.

	“H-how rude! Are you not aware whose path you dare to block, butler?”

	“You.” I grabbed the crown prince’s wrist and squeezed.

	The crown prince tried to shake off my hand but, quietly screaming, failed. He was no match for me in terms of strength to begin with.

	“What? You…?” His voice grew louder with panic. “Let go of my hand right now!”

	“It all happened because of you.”

	My voice sounded cold even in my ears. It wasn’t like my usual voice.

	“If only you hadn’t instigated this ‘assassination’ in the first place, none of this would have happened. Yeah, you’re madly in love and staged a kidnapping. Sure, you could do that, but are you really going to evade your responsibility just because you’re crazy?” I glared at the crown prince. “Take it.”

	“T-take… what…?”

	“Take. The sword.”

	The crown prince shivered.

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 9%.]

	The immersion level increased, but it didn’t matter. Right now, I felt the same as the butler did. I was angry that the crown prince had tried to escape like a coward. I dragged him in front of the sword, ignoring his fierce resistance.

	“Pick up the sword.”

	“Ugh, how dare you…!”

	He refused to grab it, so I forced him.

	“Raise the sword.”

	“Let go of me! I order you to let go! I-is there no one out there!?”

	He continued to resist, so again, I forced him to raise the sword.

	“I can see how often you’ve laid blame on others until now. If there was any dirty work or anything you didn’t want to do, you passed it onto Lady Silver Lily despite calling yourself the crown prince of this land.”

	“S-Sylvia! Stop your butler! Please! Sylvia!”

	“Cut him down with your sword.”

	The crown prince’s resistance was feeble to me, so it was easy to shake off his resistance. And that was exactly what I did.

	“Ah.” The crown prince gasped.

	The smell of blood in the basement grew stronger. The servant’s body slipped off of the chair. The crown prince, petrified, looked down at him with blank eyes. Lady Silver Lily slowly went down on her knees at his feet. The hem of her skirt landed in a puddle of blood and slowly turned red.

	“The crown prince’s justice is a blessing for all people of the empire, Your Highness.”

	The crown prince turned his back on her without saying a word. I didn’t stop him this time.

	“Please be strong and continue to reward good deeds and punish evil deeds.”

	The crown prince powerlessly staggered up the basement stairs.

	Meanwhile, Lady Silver Lily quietly continued to offer her advice to the crown prince. Her voice echoed softly in the basement.

	“The fate of this country and its people depend solely upon you, Your Highness. Even though you may seem like your own person, you are not. Your every action greatly affects the empire, so please…”

	The sound of his footsteps grew distant. Until they disappeared entirely, the Inquisitor and I looked at Lady Silver Lily, who was still bowing.

	“…be strong.”

	I want to understand this person.

Chapter 96

The Villain (3)

	It was the third day in the apocalyptic book. Lady Silver Lily was absent from the academy.

	“People say that she’s in bed because she’s feeling sick,” the Inquisitor mentioned.

	“Is that so…?”

	“Yes! She's a sickly person, but she spent all night interrogating her servants. It was bound to happen!” The Inquisitor took a sip of black tea, which contained a lot of healthy sodium. “Physical strength is the strength of the nation! No matter how great your cause, it’s difficult to achieve it if you’re sick. Hmm, too bad. Lady Silver Lily seems like someone who could aim for the entire empire…”

	“I heard that the crown prince also stopped attending the classes,” I commented.

	“Hahaha. Yes, all thanks to you, butler. He’s so shocked he might apply for a leave of absence.”

	We were having tea time in the garden filled with magnolias. The students passing by the garden were surprised when they saw us.

	“The young lady and the butler are both crazy!”

	“She’s a delinquent!”

	“Don’t get close to them!”

	The young ladies hitched their skirts and the young lords rolled their pants up to their ankles so they could get away. Thanks to that, we had the wide gardenscape all to ourselves. That was neat.

	“Mr. Inquisitor, you just called me ‘butler’ instead of Death King. Be careful.”

	“Oh! I’m sorry. My bad. It slipped out after my immersion level went over twenty percent. Oh, this salted black tea is surprisingly charming! Please give me another cup, butler.”

	“You called me butler again…” I sighed as I poured the black tea into the young lady’s teacup.

	I hummed. After taking on the role of butler, I realized that the tea ceremony was deeply profound. There was a beauty in the way the tea poured out of the teapot and welled up in the cup. The gentle ripples as each drop mixed into the rest of the tea were a sight that couldn’t be missed. It really suited Lady Goldencup—

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 10%.]

	The Inquisitor jumped out of his chair and shrieked. “Butler, why did you suddenly pour the tea on me?! It’s hot! You ruined my delicate hair!”

	“You never shrieked like that! Have you really become the Lady Goldencup in both body and mind? Tell me. When spring comes!”

	“Magnolias fall—and so will your hair, butler.”

	“Ack!”

	After a brief experience with the terror of hair loss, we calmed down and stopped fighting. As the butler, I brushed the Inquisitor’s hair. Over a few days, the Inquisitor’s hair had grown in the back a little. Was it the effect of his Divine Formula: Transformation? Or was he becoming more and more like the Lady Goldencup?

	“You seem to have become better at expressing your emotions, Mr. Inquisitor.” I ran my fingers through his blonde hair. I had never combed or had my hair combed by anyone, but my hands moved on their own. “You used to always smile, but it was basically the same as not smiling at all. It felt more like smiling was your default expression, not a sign of happiness.”

	“Haha. Is it different now?”

	“Yes, it’s more emotional and vivid. Now I can tell if you’re smiling because you’re really happy or if you’re just sneering at someone.”

	“I see. I noticed, too. Do you think it’s a good change, Mr. Death King?”

	I quietly looked down at the back of the Inquisitor’s head. The Inquisitor was a first-generation Hunter from Bulgaria, Europe. His age was unknown, as well as the number of lives he had taken. His head, shoulders, arms… Everything about him was small. I thought about how many people that small body must have killed.

	“…Yes, I think it’s good,” I said. “Honestly, I’ve been wondering what I should do with you.”

	“Hmm? What do you mean?”

	“You’re a psychopath and a crazy slaughterer. But I couldn’t just kill you.” I slowly tied the Inquisitor’s hair up; it reminded me of how I used to take care of my younger siblings at the orphanage[1]. “The Black Dragon Master hates people like you the most, but she kept you alive. Even the Sword Star didn’t kill you. That means there’s a reason to keep you around.”

	The Inquisitor wasn’t surprised to hear that I was contemplating killing him. He found it rather amusing, given his laughter.

	“Your insight is quite precise!”

	“Why do you kill people?” I asked—it was a question that had been weighing on me for a while. “You’re a psychopath, but you can reason with people and understand them in some way. So why do you kill them?”

	The Inquisitor rested his chin on his palm and pondered.

	I could hear the students’ faint laughter from beyond the garden’s flower bushes.

	“First, I’ll have you know that I’m a very capable person.” Then he turned his head to me and lowered his voice to a bare whisper. “Divine Formula: Hidden Divinity!”

	One of the Inquisitor’s gloves disappeared.

	“It’s one of the Divine Formulas that I can use. I can make any object disappear from the world—of course, I can also destroy evidence and corpses.”

	He moved his fingers in the air as if he were rowing.

	“If those in power don’t kill people often, it isn’t because they’re good people, Mr. Death King! It’s simply because they don’t want to bother hiding corpses or they’re afraid of their murders being discovered later. I don’t have to worry about getting discovered!”

	The Inquisitor looked bright.

	“It was very chaotic in the Tower during the first generation. Slavery. Racial discrimination. Ultra-nationalism. Terrorism. The creation of puppet forces. Genocide. Media incitement and fabrication. Ideological conflicts. They were all revived. It was like the history of mankind was compressed into candy and melted down the Tower’s throat! The small and medium-sized factions—which are now called the Five Guilds—started to feel the end coming if the chaos kept spreading.”

	The Black Dragon Guild, the MA, the Pantheon, the OJP Sect, and the Watchmen League.

	“The five of us gathered,” the Inquisitor said as if reciting an epic. “The Black Dragon Master spoke first!”

	‘I’ll cut to the chase. Let’s make an eternal non-aggression pact.”

	“The Countess set a condition.”

	“Guarantee the MA’s right to monopolize outside world goods.”

	“I added one more term!”

	“I want every guild to have its own exclusive domain! That’s my condition for covering up your incidents!”

	“The Viper grumbled.”

	“How did you people, the craziest of them all, end up being the most trustworthy people right now? Tsk tsk. It’s the end of the world. The end of the world… but why is this coffee so bitter? I didn’t even ask for this. Who gave me this? Hey. Hey? Hey!”

	“The Sword Star decided it!”

	“I won’t say that we’re doing what we have to do. We’ll kill people tonight in our ways because we want to based on our beliefs and judgments,”

	“4,653 people died on that night.” The Inquisitor’s smile was still bright. “It was 10,171 people the next night. The night after that, 8,275 people died. 7,412 people died the night after that. The night after that, 23,781 people died. People died, died, and died.”

	His quiet muttering abruptly brightened again. “And then that very fateful night suddenly arrived. No one died.”

	On the night the long cleanup work had finally ended, the Black Witch had broken into tears.

	“I will take the responsibility and resign, and I’ll never mention what we did again,” the Sword Star said.

	The Sword Star had been the leader of the Watchmen League at the time.

	“I approved and participated in this massacre. I knew we shouldn’t do it, but I took part in it nonetheless. I’ll hate you forever, and I’ll loathe myself even more.”

	On that day, the Sword Star had parted ways with the other Five Guild leaders, and the position of the Watchmen League’s leader had remained vacant since then.

	“From then on, the Paladin has been leading the Watchmen League.”

	The Paladin always introduced herself as the assistant leader of the Watchmen League, and that was what people called her.

	“The Paladin regretted it.”

	The night when the Paladin and the Chemist had faced the Sword Star came to mind. It looked like their history was the reason why there was extra tension between the Paladin and the Sword Star at that time.

	“I don’t regret it! It was a necessary sacrifice!” The Inquisitor continued to smile. “But I’m beginning to have these silly little thoughts. Maybe it’s because my immersion level with Lady Goldencup is increasing.”

	“What kind of thoughts?”

	“I feel like things might’ve been different if you were in the Tower back then, Mr. Death King. It’s strange. I’ve never felt this way before.” The Inquisitor looked up after he had said everything he had to say.

	The magnolias hanging above us were in full bloom.

	“Do you always live with this much emotion? I keep thinking about what would have changed if I had done something different back then. Do you all keep drifting into these kinds of thoughts while you live?

	“It’s marvelous.” The Inquisitor, the Rank 5 Hunter, sighed. “That’s why you’re all so beautiful and lovely.”

	“Mr. Inquisitor…”

	“If I were like you…” The Inquisitor paused for a moment. “Hmm. Hmm. This is no good, butler. I want to stay in this world more and more.” He smiled sheepishly.

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 11%.]

	I realized that I probably wouldn’t be able to kill him. I couldn’t kill someone who knew how to regret his choices.

	“My lady.”

	“Yes, I’m listening,” the Inquisitor answered.

	“When spring comes.”

	The Inquisitor waved his hand and the glove came back, concealing his hand. The gloves were white and patterned with petals. The Inquisitor’s smile grew bigger. “Spring is nice. Would you like to go for a walk, butler?”

	It felt like time had stopped. I couldn’t tell what expression I had on my face, but the Inquisitor held his abdomen and burst into laughter after staring at me for a moment.

	“Hahahaha! Ha! You should see the look on your face, Mr. Death King! You turned pale in an instant! If anyone were to see you right now, they would think you were a corpse!”

	“Really… Out of all of the pranks you could pull, you chose this…”

	“I’m sorry. With emotions, I seem to have become a bit of a prankster! Oh, I now understand how I felt about you! It’s like looking at a reliable big brother!”

	“Big brother…? You’re a Hunter from the first generation. Aren’t you older than me?”

	“I won’t tell!” the Inquisitor said. “But it’s clear that I’m quickly getting immersed in Lady Goldencup. The immersion level went up by one percent while we were talking. My immersion level is now thirty-two percent, so it might be over fifty percent tomorrow. That’s how addicted I am to feeling emotions.”

	The Inquisitor stroked her done up hair. “I am the protagonist of this apocalyptic book. However, you’ll be the main character of the ending. Mr. Death King, please secure the ending before I get carried away by my emotions and drown myself in Lady Goldencup.”

	“Yes.” I nodded. “I promise.”

	The Inquisitor smiled. “I believe in you, my butler.”

	That night, the Inquisitor’s immersion level went over fifty percent.

	* * *

	In the end, Lady Silver Lily is the one who’ll destroy this world.

	I headed to Lady Silver Lily’s villa under the pretext of a sick visit.

	She’s the key. I have to understand her. Lady Silver Lily’s love, jealousy, tolerance, arrogance, possessiveness… I have to understand them all to complete this apocalyptic book. That’s probably the way to do this.

	Her villa was crowded with servants, unlike yesterday.

	“Excuse me,” I politely said. “May I see Lady Silver Lily?”

	“Who are you?”

	“Lady Goldencup heard that Lady Silver Lily is ill, so she sent me to deliver her regards.”

	The servants’ faces hardened. It was a very well-known fact that their master and Lady Goldencup were on bad terms.

	“Please wait a moment!” one of the servants shouted. He hurried into the villa.

	After a while, the servant returned and reluctantly said, “…You can come this way. The young lady has agreed to see you.”

	“Thank you.” I followed the servant.

	The place I was brought to was not Lady Silver Lily’s bedroom or her reception room—it was her office. Numerous servants came and went, carrying reports to her.

	“This is the letter from Lepanor, my lady.”

	“Put it on the left side of the desk.”

	“My lady, Lady Blue Pine Blossom sent a letter on behalf of her father. Considering what season it is now, that seems to be a request regarding grain return… [2]”

	“Send it to the finance department for review and then bring it back.”

	The servant who brought me there bowed. “My lady.”

	Lady Silver Lily, who had been looking through documents at the desk in the middle of the office, looked up, quickly scanning me with her red eyes.

	“It seems I have a guest,” she said, nonchalantly. “Step outside, everyone. You have fifteen minutes to rest.”

	She grabbed the hourglass on the desk and flipped it over. All of the servants rushed out of the spacious office, leaving only her and I.

	“So…” Lady Silver Lily put down her quill. “Lady Goldencup sent you to give me her regards? That’s some growth. Just a few days ago, she would grind her teeth as soon as she saw me. It’s like she’s a different person.”

	“…I heard you were bedridden, but you look perfectly healthy. I’m surprised.”

	“I’m still a student after all. I need a good excuse to skip classes and take care of my business. But it’s an exaggeration to say I’m healthy.” Lady Silver Lily coughed. “I’ve been keeping an eye on you. You’ve managed to notice that the spies were hiding among my subordinates in such a short period of time. People say that Lady Goldencup has changed, but so have you. Quite a smart actor has been chosen this time. It’s a blessing to the empire. If you weren’t that smart, I wouldn’t have accepted your visit in the first place.”

	I didn’t understand. “…Pardon?”

	“Hmm.” Lady Silver Lily narrowed her eyes. “I thought you were smart, but you’re surprisingly dull in some ways.”

	“What… do you mean…?”

	“I’ve done this fourteen times,” she calmly informed me. “I’m just repeating the last ten days of my life. Still, this is the thirteenth time I’ve met an actor like you.”

	[The Silver-Plated Heart looks at you.]

	I was speechless.

	“How about you? How many times have you done this?”

	Lady Silver Lily was a regressor.

* * *

	1. This seems to be the butler’s memory. ☜

	2. The raw is 환곡(還穀). This is a relief system used in Joseon, the last kingdom before Korea became a republic. It’s about the government lending grains during famine and collecting them when the harvest is good. ☜

Chapter 97

Your Heart (1)

	“You look like it’s your first time hearing this,” Lady Silver Lily said. “Did the Constellation that sent you not tell you anything beforehand? That’s rare. When sending their apostle, the Constellation usually gives them as much information as possible. Are you perhaps on bad terms with your Constellation?”

	“An apostle…?”

	“You really don’t know anything. Interesting.” Lady Silver Lily opened a drawer and pulled out an hourglass which looked exactly like the hourglass she had just turned over.

	She lightly pressed the bell on her desk and the office door opened.

	“Yes, my lady.”

	“You have fifteen more minutes. It may be longer, so tell everyone they may relax,” she instructed the servant.

	“It seems you’re enjoying the conversation. Shall I bring you some tea?”

	“Hmm, yes, bring the one from Jerny.”

	“Understood.” The gray-haired servant bowed and left.

	I stood there awkwardly, not knowing what to say.

	Lady Silver Lily looked at me and the corners of her mouth rose slightly. “It’s okay. Stand comfortably.”

	She was certainly not telling me to sit.

	“Which Constellation sent you? Mutia? Trinity Star? Hismit Critz? Nazaro? Psimae? Hmm, you don’t look like you’ve heard of any of them before. Who in the world are you representing?”

	“The librarian from the Great Library of All Life… No, the Indoor Librarian sent me.”

	I fumbled my words a bit. My mind was in disarray. I had sensed that the woman in front of me wasn’t ordinary, but I didn’t know that it would turn out like this. The reason I belatedly managed to remember the title was only because I held onto the last bits of my disarrayed mind.

	“Library… Indoor…” Lady Silver Lily twirled her quill with her left hand. “Ah, Hamustra.”

	She knew the Constellation’s real name.

	“Hamustra didn’t explain anything to you?” she asked.

	“…The Indoor Librarian wants to avoid intervening in the affairs of an apocalyptic book as much as possible. He would prefer if I found out the information myself, rather than giving it to me.”

	“An apocalyptic book?”

	“…That’s what the Indoor Librarian calls a world destined for destruction because its barrier collapsed without its Constellation,” I explained.

	Lady Silver Lily’s eyes slightly narrowed as if she found that sentence amusing. Her red eyes stood out even when they were narrowed; they had a color that overwhelmed whoever she looked at.

	“It’s quite arrogant of him to call someone else’s world whatever he pleases. I guess it’s expected from a Constellation. An ‘apocalyptic book’. Hmm, an apocalyptic book… it isn’t wrong to say that this world will end someday, but I can’t just hand over my soul.”

	I blinked.

	“…Wait, you still look like you have no idea what I’m saying. Did you not possess the body of Lady Goldencup’s butler to take my soul?”

	I shook my head. I really had no idea about this either.

	Lady Silver Lily pursed her lip. She was looking at me like I was a unicorn. With her eyes still on me, she opened the drawer to take a third hourglass out.

	Ding.

	“Yes, my lady? I happen to have the tea ready.” The gray-haired servant smiled gently.

	“Rest for fifteen more minutes.”

	“The others will love that.” The servant left.

	Lady Silver Lily’s eyes didn’t leave me even as she sipped her black tea. “Lady Goldencup’s butler.”

	“Oh, please call me Kim Gong-Ja. That’s my real name.”

	“I don’t want to. It’s rude of you to ask that of me. Blame yourself for possessing a butler who is not a noble.”

	She seemed to be acting a little snooty.

	“Anyway, I get that you’re a blank page. It seems that you didn’t even receive the strategy guide.”

	What was this strategy guide supposed to be?

	“It’s like this.” Lady Silver Lily took out an A4-sized piece of paper from her drawer. It was marked with rounded cursive writing.

	1. Lady Silver Lily is sensitive to sunlight. When planning a date with her, schedule it in the evening or deeper into the night, not during the day.

	2. Lady Silver Lily has a dull sense of taste, so she likes strongly flavored food.

	3. Lady Silver Lily likes white flowers. However, she got sick of lilies because she’s already received too many of them. Keep this in mind when choosing a gift.

	4. Lady Silver Lily is a pragmatist. She prefers talking about politics, diplomacy, and money. Remember that reading her love poems is useless.

	…

	10. Lady Silver Lily is loyal. It's okay for her to gossip about the empire or the crown prince, but she does absolutely not tolerate others doing so. Be careful.

	I was at a loss for words. What the hell?

	“This is the strategy guide that the apostle who came to win my heart on the sixth round was carrying. That one, sent by the Constellation named Mahos, called it the romance route.”

	My mouth dropped to the floor. “R-romance route…”

	“I was so dumbstruck that I poisoned him to death and then took it away,” Lady Silver Lily calmly said. “When he died, he screamed, ‘I followed the guide perfectly, so why haven’t you fallen for me!?’ as if he were the victim. But I was the victim. How can there be a strategy guide to a person’s heart?”

	[The Silver-Plated Heart has raised her complaint.]

	“They thought I was easy. If they genuinely wanted to win my heart, they had to make advances fair and square. But all they talk about is the strategy guide and the romance routes. Those people were rotten to their cores.”

	“You… You’re right.”

	“I feel like I can talk to you.” Lady Silver Lily put down her teacup. “There’s a reason I have a high opinion of you. Not only are you smart, but I also can feel that you see the people in my world as human beings.”

	“R-really? I feel like you’re complimenting me for being normal…”

	“There were many, many beasts who couldn’t meet the obvious standard. Those beasts didn’t consider the people human, yet they firmly believed themselves to be humans. They’re filthy creatures.”

	My breath caught in my throat.

	She rested her chin on her palm as she examined him. After letting out a moan, she nodded. “Is that so?”

	Badump.

	“What I said just now means a great deal to you.”

	Badump.

	“Have you also seen many people like them? Have people ever looked at you with those kinds of eyes too?”

	Badump.

	“If it’s neither, then… I see. Someone precious to you said something similar…”

	“My lady.”

	I cut her short, unable to bear her gaze anymore. It was like she split open my chest, ripped out my ribs, and then held a magnifying glass over my raw heart.

	[The Silver-Plated Heart looks at you.]

	I couldn’t let her control this conversation anymore.

	“Despite what you said, you also looked down on me for possessing a commoner, not a noble.”

	Lady Silver Lily didn’t even blink. “What? Are you that upset that I didn’t call you by your real name?”

	“I’m just saying that you aren’t in a position to claim superiority, my lady.”

	“I’m not in a position to claim superiority… You really sound like the bad butler who turned the academy upside down.” Lady Silver Lilly’s voice somehow had a hint of joy. “However, I admit that you make a point. So let’s get back to the conversation we were originally having.”

	Lady Silver Lily coughed. “So?”

	“Pardon?”

	“I understand that you don’t want my soul. Then why did you cross the boundary of worlds and come here? This is a world where ten days repeat forever.”

	[The Silver-Plated Heart doubts your sincerity.]

	“Surely the Constellation didn’t exile you here because he hates you. I heard that Hamustra is somewhat of a moderate, but that doesn’t mean you came here to enjoy a vacation. Actor who plays the butler of Lady Goldencup, answer my question.”

	“I…” I trailed off.

	“I won’t accept a lie for an answer. The moment you add even a hint of a lie, you’ll never be able to get whatever it is you seek from me. I don’t show my heart to someone who doesn’t show me theirs first.”

	I fell into thought. One of the possible reasons would be that I wanted her world to become the Tower’s twenty-fifth floor. But was this stage really necessary for the people of the Tower? No, it wouldn’t be a problem if another apocalyptic book was picked for the twenty-fifth floor.

	It was true that a fragment of my holy sword lay somewhere in this world. Did I have to collect all of the fragments and complete the holy sword, though? No, I didn’t. Finding Shiny’s sisters would make me, her owner, stronger, but that also meant that there was no deeper meaning to it.

	So why should I stay in this book?

	“…I don’t know love yet,” I blurted.

	“What?”

	“Maybe it’s closer to romantic feelings. I’m ignorant of them. You may not know this, but this world’s genres include romance. So I think this is the right place to learn about love.”

	When Teacher had been in her last match, the Guardian had shouted something as they locked blades.

	—Gong-Ja hasn’t experienced the happiness of the world yet.

	—You know what, Heavenly Demon? This guy has never fallen in love with anyone. He's never been on a date either! Isn't that funny?

	Those words were deeply engraved in my heart.

	“If there’s something I lack, I want to learn it. It doesn’t feel fair to leave that unknown. I won’t feel like I’ve lived life to the fullest.”

	Lady Silver Lily examined my face carefully. I might have been imagining it, but her red eyes seemed to be tinted with confusion.

	“So you want to learn about love?”

	“Yes, that’s right.”

	“From me?”

	“…I’m not sure about that.”

	“Explain.”

	I collected my thoughts. “To be exact, it’s more like I want to learn about love in this world.”

	“This world…”

	“Yes, I want to know what I lack.”

	“Then why did you come to me? Wouldn’t it be better to go to your Lady Goldencup?”

	The Inquisitor. Lady Goldencup.

	“No, it wouldn’t,” I answered.

	“Why? Do you not like who is possessing her?”

	“It’s not a matter of like or dislike. That person is…”

	“If I were like you,” the Inquisitor said.

	“That person is more clumsy at this than I am. If I’m going to learn, I should learn that from someone who knows better.”

	Lady Silver Lily took a sip of tea. After a moment of silence, she agreed. “Well, Lady Goldencup in this round doesn’t seem like the type of person who could teach someone about love. It seemed like she should be taught.”

	“That is correct.”

	“But that still doesn’t seem like a reason for you to come to me.”

	“I have a reason,” I replied, my voice growing as I remembered the thought I had in the dungeon. “I want to understand you.”

	Lady Silver Lily blinked. A couple of tea drops splashed out of her cup, slightly dampening the front of her dress. It seemed she hadn’t expected what I’d said.

	“You want to understand me…?”

	“Yes. I don’t know if it’s for the crown prince or the empire, but you have devoted your life. I’m curious as to how you can do that. I want to know what kind of thoughts and feelings can make you do that. If it’s because of love, I wish to feel it, just like you. I’m a little embarrassed, but I’m answering as honestly as I can.”

	It took a while for Lady Silver Lily to answer.

	“You… You’re not like anyone I’ve ever dealt with before.”

	Now I could see clearly that she was flustered.

	“You want to know about love. That statement alone shows that you don’t know how scary people are. But you also want to understand me? Those are not words that should be spoken lightly. They poison people. Understanding is no different from responsibility. But…”

	“Mr. Librarian.” I looked up at the ceiling. Of course, he wasn’t there, but he would be listening to this conversation. The Hunters in the Tower would also be watching this. “Please stop the broadcast for a moment. I have something I want to tell Lady Silver Lily only.”

	A moment later, I could hear a voice in response to my request.

	[The Indoor Librarian has readily accepted your request.]

	[The Indoor Librarian has approved a ten minute skip.]

	Okay. I looked at Lady Silver Lily again. “I’m also a regressor, but my regression is a bit different from yours, my lady.”

	“How different is it?”

	“You said that you repeat the last ten days of your life. When I die, I go back a day. It’s not like I just go back. If someone kills me, I can see their trauma before going back.”

	“Trauma?”

	“Yes.” My voice echoed softly in the office. “I can see the wounds, memories, and scenes that people keep deep in their hearts. If their wound is from the destruction of their treasure, I can see that very moment.”

	I didn’t have to pick my words carefully. I just left my mouth open and let my tongue move on its own, and what I wanted to say flowed out of my mouth.

	“I can understand other people a little more easily.”

	As I told my secret to Lady Silver Lily, I suddenly realized that I had wanted to tell my story to someone who lived a life similar to mine.

	Lady Silver Lily was quiet. As I continued my story, her eyes became calmer. I could feel she was listening to me seriously.

	“It’s my Skill, a sort of technique. I’m afraid that I’ll get used to understanding others easily. One of the people I trust the most told me that I should never rely on my Skills. But…”

	“But?” she repeated.

	“If my understanding of them is one-sided…”

	“…It wouldn’t be understanding anymore.”

	“But I can’t just leave them alone because…”

	“Because if you also give up on them, they’ll wither to death. Even if it’s just hypocrisy, you want to let them know that you’re still there for them. You’re very blessed to have that possibility, aren’t you?”

	I choked up for a moment. “…Yes.”

	“Fool.” Lady Silver Lily closed her eyes. “It might only take a moment to understand someone, but the responsibility will last forever. You’re voluntarily stepping into hell.”

	After that, she fell silent.

	[The Indoor Librarian notifies you that the scene skip has ended.]

	“Alright, butler of Lady Goldencup.” Lady Silver Lily opened her eyes. She picked up one of the hourglasses that she had turned over on the desk and watched the grains of sand slipping away. “I’ll teach you love.”

Chapter 98

Your Heart (2)

	“But,” Lady Silver Lily said, “for a week from today—which is until the end of the world—you’ll be my butler, not Lady Goldencup’s.”

	“Your butler…?”

	“Yes. I only know about my love, and I’ve never taught it to anyone. I don’t really know another way to do this other than to show you my love in its entirety, so you have to watch and learn from my side.

	“Now that I’ve said it, I feel like I'm losing out here. No, it is a loss for me. I’m showing you the most embarrassing part of my private life. You’re using the luck of your previous life, this life, and the next, all at the same time, Commoner.”

	This noble lady was really snooty.

	* * *

	The next day, my double contract life began, serving both Lady Goldencup and Lady Silver Lily.

	Lady Silver Lily greeted me in her dressing room.

	“You’re here.”

	“Yes.”

	It was only five in the morning, yet she was already awake. Four maids were working together to dress her. Although it was considered rude to enter someone’s dressing room, she dismissed anyone who objected with, “You’re bothering me. Just leave.”

	As soon as I entered, she said, “Show him.”

	“Yes, my lady.” The gray-haired servant quickly pulled out a board decorated with lily patterns. Beautiful cursive was written on it.

	LESSON 1 (Basic)

	Love begins with experiencing an asshole.

	I stood there speechless and dumbfounded.

	“I thought about how I should teach you about love last night,” Lady Silver Lily confidently explained. “I don't have enough free time to be entirely focused on you, and I can't just find you your first love.”

	The servants around her trimmed her nails, emotionless just like their master.

	“So I've decided to teach you the truths you need to know beforehand step by step. Repeat after me: love begins with experiencing an asshole.”

	“L-love begins with meeting an asshole…?”

	“Yes, meeting an asshole. Maybe you’ll run into more than one asshole.”

	Lady Silver Lily pulled out a fan with her left hand and snapped it open. She then used it to cover the lower half of her face.

	“I’m sure there are people somewhere in this world whose relationships have been perfect even from the first one. They know how to love each other in a considerate way. From the moment they fall in love at first sight, their love remains romantic until they’re buried in the ground. But that won’t happen to you.

	“Ninety-nine percent of the lovers you'll meet are going to be assholes. Even if they're not assholes right now, they will be at some point. Why? It's simple: because it's almost impossible for a human to not be an asshole all year round. By the same reasoning…”

	Lady Silver Lily folded up her fan and pointed it at the gray-haired servant. On cue, he immediately flipped the board. There was some writing on the back of it as well.

	LESSON 1 (Advanced)

	You are also an asshole.

	“…there is a high chance that you are also an asshole. But it’s not all bad. Humans are adaptable creatures. After dealing with an asshole, no asshole can mistreat you ever again. You can refrain from becoming an asshole once you've been an asshole to someone. After all, it’s about getting an answer to these three questions: ‘Who is an asshole?’ ‘When do I become an asshole?’ and ‘How can I not be an asshole?’”

	My head went blank. “C-can’t we do a good job from the beginning?”

	“Don't expect anything from a human, Butler.” Lady Silver Lily’s eyes remained emotionless. “Humans forget what they say. They come to a resolution, but they also give up. Forgetting and giving up—these two elements are the nature of dating. But if you really want to be good at love, you must learn to do the opposite, which is to remember and determine.”

	“D-do I also get to learn about remembering and determining?”

	“You're such a child…” Lady Silver Lily sighed.

	What did I do wrong? I really had no idea.

	“I'll show you myself. It’ll be faster and clearer.”

	Show me? How?

	“You’ve actually seen it with your eyes already. Can’t you tell?”

	Lady Silver Lily stood up from her chair. The servants, who had been bustling around her like kittens, all stepped back in unison.

	“I love the world’s biggest asshole,” Lady Silver Lily confidently declared.

	Huh? Why did she sound so cool?

	“Let's go.”

	Lady Silver Lily walked away, and I followed her with the other servants, who were carrying buckets of water for some reason. She led us to the academy's most splendid building, where the crown prince stayed.

	“M-my lady.” The crown prince's servants greeted us; they looked confused and overwhelmed.

	As a duke’s daughter, Lady Silver Lily couldn’t be more noble than the imperial family. Nevertheless, they strangely seemed unable to meet her eyes.

	“G-greetings.”

	“Greetings.” She nodded.

	“It’s still dawn…”

	“Has His Highness woken up yet? A ruler’s morning should be earlier than his people's.”

	“That is…”

	“Of course he hasn’t. Show me the way.”

	The crown prince's servant trembled. “H-His Highness has given us strict orders…”

	“What kind of orders? No, I have an idea. He told you not to let me in when I visit, am I wrong?”

	“With all due respect…”

	“When His Majesty sent him to this academy, he summoned me in private. During that audience, he said that His Highness might become idle and arrogant, so I, his fiance, should take care of him. And here I am. You’re an imperial servant, so tell me: are you a servant of His Highness, or are you a subject of His Majesty?” Lady Silver Lily flatly demanded.

	“M-my lady.”

	“Do you believe that you can resist His Majesty’s orders because you’re His Highness’s servants? His Majesty will be very pleased to hear this.”

	The situation was resolved within a minute. Not one of the servants stood in her way. Crossing the garden and the lobby, she finally arrived at the crown prince's bedroom.

	She gave three elegant knocks. “Your Highness, have you woken up?”

	“Don't come in!”

	“You’re awake. I’m coming in.” Lady Silver Lily took out her key and opened the door as if it were the most natural thing in the world.

	The crown prince's bedroom door opened invitingly. However, the owner of the bedroom was shivering in bed, gasping.

	“Your Highness, it's already daybreak, yet you’re still in bed. That isn’t acceptable. His Majesty still rises at four in the morning every day to tend to the nation’s affairs. As his heir, you will one day lead the empire. You shouldn’t be lazy.”

	“Anyone! Is there no one out there! Someone come—”

	“Close the door.”

	The door was slammed shut. There was not a single servant of the imperial family in the bedroom. Only Lady Silver Lily's servants stood there, impassive. The crown prince's shoulders trembled harder.

	“Butler,” Lady Silver Lily called.

	“Yes, yes,” I quickly answered.

	“I’ll give you my second lesson.” Lady Silver Lily jerked her chin at her gray-haired servant.

	The servant raised another board.

	LESSON 2 (Basic)

	If you can't run from the asshole, enjoy it.

	“E-enjoy…?”

	“You will fall in love someday, and your first love will be an asshole. Since it’s going to happen anyway, you might as well enjoy it.” Lady Silver Lily snapped her fingers. “And there is only one way to enjoy your time with an asshole.”

	The gray-haired servant skillfully flipped the board over.

	LESSON 2 (Advanced)

	Be a bigger asshole.

	The servants hefted the buckets of water and splashed their contents onto the bed. I realized that they had carried the buckets all this way just for this moment.

	“Hnnngh!” The sudden torrent made the crown prince flail his arms. His blond ramen hair was drenched now.

	“…Dating an asshole is a war.” Lady Silver Lily watched him calmly. “If possible, it’s better to avoid war since peace is the greatest virtue you can seek. When a person is kind and nice to you, you should also treat them with kindness. But if you’re with an asshole you can’t avoid, keep this in mind.”

	She took out a new fan. Surprisingly, it also had writing on it.

	Summary of Today’s Lesson: don't be nice to an asshole.

	What the hell?

	“Repeat after me: don’t be nice.”

	“D-don’t be nice.”

	“Humans are animals that want to look good to others. Some want to look cool, while some try to look smart. Many people want to look kind, too. It looks like you’re the latter type, so try to keep that under control.”

	However, Lady Silver Lily didn’t hold back at all.

	“Open the door.”

	The servants opened the door to the hallway where the imperial servants were waiting restlessly.

	“What are you doing?” Lady Silver Lily demanded as if nothing had happened. “His Highness’s clothes are wet. It’s relatively warm because it is spring, but I fear he will still catch a cold. Hurry and change his clothes.”

	“Y-Your Highness!”

	The servants rushed in. Each of them was already holding a towel as if they had expected this to happen. From their reactions, I could tell that this wasn’t the first time that Lady Silver Lily had used the strategy of water splashing.

	“This is the truth of love. You would do well to remember it.” Lady Silver Lily slowly stepped into the hallway. “A handsome person will lose to someone smart, but the smart person will lose to an asshole. That’s why a beauty who is annoyingly smart stands at the top of this pyramid. You should realize this truth and work hard to improve yourself.”

	“Uh…” I looked back at the crown prince’s bedroom, which was still engulfed in chaos. “It’s a bit different from the love I had in mind. I…”

	“You expected something more romantic?”

	“Yes, and…”

	“You thought you love from your heart, not your head.”

	I slowly nodded. “Yes…”

	“That is also correct.”

	Lady Silver Lily tossed her fan aside. The gray-haired servant skillfully caught it and tucked it into his pocket.

	We continued to talk as we walked to the reception room.

	“But that depends on your luck. Meeting someone who makes your heart flutter at first sight is by no means an easy task. The kind of life you’ve lived determines who can inspire such emotions. Falling in love at first sight is possible because you can see what kind of life the other person has lived.”

	“That’s difficult…”

	“It is.” Her red eyes narrowed. “Do you want to test it, then?”

	A test?

	“What kind of test is it?” I asked.

	“I’m asking if you want to see if I can make your heart flutter.”

	“…How do I do that?”

	“You just have to do something praiseworthy.”

	“What would be praiseworthy?”

	“Do I have to tell you that too? Why don’t you just ask me to bring you your lover?” She walked on ahead. “Think hard about it and come up with your own answer, Butler. You are smart, so maybe you’ll even succeed. I’ll tell you for free whether the answer is right or wrong, at least.”

	Soon, we reached the reception room. It was clearly the crown prince’s residence, but Lady Silver Lily walked around as comfortably as if it were her own. She dismissed all of the servants except me and sat down on a chair. Afterward, she quietly looked at me, her eyes as red as the room’s lush carpets.

	I took a deep breath, the air going through my esophagus and sitting in my lungs like a rock. Although it was just a simple action, I took it as proof of my determination.

	I pulled cards out of my inner pocket. On each was written “Face Recognition Disorder,” “What a coincidence to eavesdrop on such a crucial and secret moment!”, and “Oops, I shouldn’t have said that, but my tongue slipped!”

	The Indoor Librarian had given them as a gift before entering this apocalyptic book; he’d said that they would be reliable as an army in this book.

	Lady Silver Lily tilted her head. “…What are those?”

	“These are cards that the Indoor Librarian gave me. Based on what you said, these could also be considered some kind of strategy guide, I guess.”

	I then tore the cards clean in two. The pieces scattered like fine sand, disappearing without a trace.

	[The Indoor Librarian is surprised by your decision.]

	Maybe those cards would really be helpful for clearing the book, but it was more important to show sincerity to the person in front of me. That was what I believed, at least.

	[The Indoor Librarian understands your reasons and applauds you.]

	Rewards and shortcuts were just that: rewards and shortcuts. They were meaningful only when they were what they were. I had no reason to obsess over rewards or turn to a path that was no longer a shortcut.

	“…Hmm. I see.” Lady Silver Lily rested her chin on her hand and looked over me. Her bloody red eyes sparkled. “That’s praiseworthy.”

	She gestured at me lightly. “Come here.”

	I did.

	“You’re holding your chin too high. Lower it.”

	I bowed.

	“Good job,” she whispered.

	She then took a glass bottle out of her inner pocket. I didn’t know what it was at first, but the moment she opened the lid with a pop, I realized that the blue bottle was perfume. She took off her gloves and then ran her pinky finger over its lip.

	“I’ll tell you this now.” She reached out to my nape and then dotted something on the back of my ear. “I’m not going to be responsible for you.”

	The strong fragrance of white lilies suddenly made my head spin.

	“Does it smell good?”

	Lady Silver Lily grabbed my right hand. It took me a moment to realize that our fingers were locked. The scent was disturbing my thoughts, making it feel like time had slowed to a crawl.

	“Yes…”

	“Do you like it?”

	“…Yes,” I answered.

	Lady Silver Lily tilted her head to look at my face with her red eyes. “I like it too. It’s my favorite perfume. I like this scent the most.”

	Her whispers crawled up my nape and into my ears.

	“You voluntarily confessed your secret and destroyed them yourself. Not bad. Continue to serve me. I will also tell you a secret of mine tonight.”

	My heart was pounding.

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	This was a big problem.

	[Your immersion level is 15%.]

	I think I’m falling for her.

Chapter 99

Your Heart (3)

	Woof.

	—Zombie. Hey, Kim Zombie.

	The puppy woofed again. It could simply be barking, yet it also seemed to be describing the feeling of its mind escaping from chaos.

	—Mr. Kim Zombie? Mr. Kim Sparrow? Mr. Young Heaven? Hello, Mr. Death King. Can you hear me? The Guardian waved his hand in front of my face.

	I couldn't think straight; it was hard to tell if I or the dog was the one barking. I was the dog, and the dog was me.

	Like a puppy chasing a ball, I could only focus on one thought at a time. The red carpet. The red eyes. The blue perfume bottle. The voice. The touch.[1]

	—Y-you fell hard. Haaaard. Your eyes… It’s just like the time that bum of the Zhuge Clan fell for the North Sea Ice Palace Princess.

	What was love…? I, Gong-Ja, would say that love was a lily. Lady Silver Lily…

	—I’m sorry, Zombie. This is all my fault. You two are in different leagues. Totally different. Because of me, you ended up loving someone out of your league.

	I stared blankly at the Guardian, who was picking his nose. It was the worst pose a person could take for an apology. Oh, yeah. This guy was a ghost, not a person…

	—But honestly, it’s funny. Keep doing it. Go on.

	Suicide… I dumbly mumbled.

	—Huh?

	If I kill myself, I’ll be able to experience this moment again, right…?

	—You crazy fucker… Still, you’ve held onto enough of your sanity enough not to talk about suicide regression aloud. That’s fortunate. All of this is being broadcasted in the Tower…

	“Suicide…”

	—And it’s gone! You nuthead! Hey, Shiny!

	[Shiny jumps up and smacks you in the head.]

	“Aaaaah!” I collapsed onto the garden lawn, clutching my head. “I know I’m not in my right mind! But… but her face keeps popping up in my head, so what can I do?”

	—You’re already in that stage? That’s one load of bullshit already.

	“Oh, I absolutely should not wash my face today. Even if I do, I shouldn’t wash behind my ears. Don’t you think I still smell like lilies? Would you like to smell behind my ears?”

	—Second load of bullshit…

	“How many times did that crown prince save the world in his past life to be loved by her? He’s honestly just blonde ramen. Oh, shit. The internet. I need the internet. The internet and a computer. I have to leave a comment saying ‘I want to be like the crown prince’ on every online post that I can find…”

	—Three loads of bullshit. Fuck…

	“Ah, love! The sweetest poison! The irresistible addiction! Oh, my heart!” I clutched my chest.

	—I knew it. I knew how much of a nuisance you’d be in this universe if you fell in love. But I advised you to fall in love anyway even though I knew. I’m a really bad person.

	“It’s not just me!”

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 21%.]

	“See? The immersion level is going up because the butler is feeling the same as me. Why do you think that is? It means he’s also fallen for Lady Silver Lily!”

	—Huh. Didn’t that butler like Lady Goldencup? Or was it Lady Purplecup?

	“You don’t know what you’re talking about. Love isn’t about just loving one person. Love is… Love is… It’s love.”

	—Wow, a guy who hasn’t even been in love for half a day is telling me… Wow…

	I sprawled on the lawn. It was broad daylight and the academy was in session. The Inquisitor, the crown prince, and Lady Silver Lily were all in class right now.

	“How can I save Lady Silver Lily?” I murmured. “No, wait. Save her? What am I talking about? I should know my place. It’s just… How can I make her happy?”

	—As the one who introduced your bullshit into the world, I’ll be responsible and give you some advice. The Guardian groaned. It’s not time to think about that yet, kid.

	“Then what should I think about, adult?”

	—You need to get to know her better.

	“Know her better,” I blankly repeated.

	—Yeah, it’s important to make sure your love sees you often. If you do that when you’re both strangers, it’s embarrassing, but you’re her butler now. Even if you don’t do anything, you two will naturally spend time together. You have an advantage in terms of distance.

	“Advantage in distance…”

	—Yeah, so take it easy and observe her more.

	“But…”

	—But?

	“This world is doomed.”

	—Hmm. The Guardian crossed his arms. That is a problem.

	Something about the Guardian’s tone was odd. I felt like we were talking about different problems—however, the bell that signaled the end of class just rang, so I didn’t get to ask.

	The problem was revealed on that very night.

	* * *

	Clouds had swallowed the moon, so it was dark tonight. The candles lit in Sormwin Academy were struggling to illuminate the campus, but it was clearly not enough to stop the academy from sinking into darkness.

	“You can think of this as the reward for your commendable deed.” Lady Silver Lily led the way through the darkness, holding the lantern herself.

	I followed her, careful not to step on her shadow. We were alone.

	“I’m going to tell you my secret.”

	She was wearing a white dress for her pajamas. Every time the hem of the dress fluttered, my heart raced. Was that because I was loading myself with bullshit, like the Guardian had said? But what I was feeling now was too warm to call bullshit.

	“Follow me.”

	Lady Silver Lily walked on. It was deep into the night, so there was no one in the hallway. As I followed her, I stared at her fingers, which the lantern’s light shone down on.

	“What are you thinking about now?” Lady Silver Lily suddenly asked.

	“What?”

	“I asked what you’re thinking about. I can feel your gaze on me. It made me curious.”

	I hesitated.

	“Even if it’s only temporary, you are my butler. It would be disloyal to refuse to answer your master’s question. Since I said I was curious, you ought to answer.”

	“I…”

	“Tell me.”

	“…I was thinking that I wanted to hold your hand.”

	As soon as my answer left my lips, I felt like my heart jumped out of my mouth instead of my tongue moving like it was supposed to. I was deeply embarrassed.

	I hadn’t been this embarrassed when Shiny had sung the Songs of Gong-Ja Flying to Heaven.[2] Really. I felt like I was going to die from embarrassment now.

	“Hmm.”

	Just then, something grabbed my left hand—it was Lady Silver Lily’s hand. Her hand was a bit cold, but the moment her slender fingers interlocked with mine, I almost thought she had taken hold of my heart. All she did was grab my hand, but her florid scent filled my head.

	“M-my lady.”

	“Am I the only one you’ve been thinking about all day?”

	My throat was parched.

	“Did you miss my touch and scent? Did you imagine it?”

	“Well—”

	“Answer me. If you don’t give me an honest answer, I’m going to let go of your hand.” Her lock on my fingers loosened a bit.

	“I-I did.”

	“Again.”

	“You’re the only one who’s been in my head all day long.”

	My head was spinning. It was as if her scent was part of her whispering voice.

	“A good answer. You are my loyal butler indeed.”

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 29%.]

	Now, I didn’t even know what was what anymore. I really had no idea.

	“Y-you shouldn’t do this.”

	“What do you mean I shouldn’t?”

	I… I should think.

	“I’m from outside this world… I’m merely borrowing this butler’s body—”

	“So?”

	[The Silver-Plated Heart looks at you.]

	“You said you saw me as a human, didn’t you?”

	“I…”

	“Was that a lie?”

	[The Silver-Plated Heart looks at you.]

	“Do you also see me as a mere native or a local of this world like the other apostles? No, I’ll use Hamastura’s terms. Am I a character to you?”

	[The Silver-Plated Heart looks…]

	“I…” I choked on my words. “I… No, my master is Lady Goldencup.”

	[Your character immersion has deepened.]

	[Your immersion level is 30%.]

	“I agreed to serve you briefly for the sake of my mission—”

	“That’s strange.” Lady Silver Lily looked at me. “You said you thought about no one but me today. Which means that Lady Goldencup wasn’t on your mind, does it not?”

	“That’s—”

	“Was that a lie?”

	[The Silver-Plated Heart…]

	“No, it wasn’t…”

	My head. My breath.

	“Then doesn’t that make me your master, not Lady Goldencup?”

	“That’s…”

	“Call me master.” Her fingers squeezed around mine. “Even just once is fine. Say that with all your heart. If you say it, I’ll reward you.”

	Reward…

	“I promise you it’ll be sweet.”

	For some reason, my heart was drowning in honey. I was about to open my mouth without thinking.

	—Gong-Ja.

	The Guardian’s voice was quiet.

	[Shiny quivers to bring you back to your senses.]

	Even the Constellation warned me. Their reactions and the head high gave me a sense of deja vu. It was just like the ominous feeling I got when I had seen her interrogating the servants in the basement. She was dangerous.

	“Hmm?” Lady Silver Lily looked back at me, her expressionless red eyes reflecting me. “What’s wrong? Don’t you need a reward?”

	She whispered, “You only have to do it once.”

	A reward. Just once… If I only had to do it just once, wouldn’t it be okay? I knew that it was a dangerous choice, but still, I had the ability to turn back time even if something went wrong. Yes… that was my ability. Actually, if I thought about it, taking a risk wasn’t even the right description—perhaps it was necessary to know what would happen if I said this. Wasn’t it similar to the time when there was a traitor among the High Rankers or when I first faced the Demon King of Autumn Rain? So maybe it was okay to say one word. If it went wrong, I could just turn back time, and that would be it. Because I had that ability, so if I said it… Just this once…

	“But you know I’m the Fire Emperor and you saw me killing the Saintess, so you should die.”

	I felt a chill run down my spine.

	“Mr. Death King, I still believe in you.”

	The chill froze my fingers.

	“Master.”

	And it crept up into my head.

	“My disciple.”

	I suddenly felt wide awake. I could see more clearly and think more quickly, as if my brain was trying to make up for the delay. Was I someone who would easily submit? Was the weight on my shoulders that light?

	No, I wasn’t, and it wasn’t. I was Preta’s master and the Young Heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult. I had been trying to avoid becoming like Yoo Soo-Ha until now. I didn’t want to let a single death be in vain, so I had fled across the snowfield with the Master Alchemist in my arms.

	“…I’m sorry, my lady.” I placed my hand on top of hers. It was just a word, but that was all the more the reason I couldn’t do this.

	“What are you sorry about?”

	“I cannot accept you as my true master.”

	I want to learn the joy of love. Actually, I was learning it. Even so, I wasn’t planning on learning it at the price of losing myself, so I couldn’t have a one-sided relationship with someone.

	“If you really want to win my heart, you’ll have to use another method, my lady.”

	“Tell me. I’m listening.”

	“I’ll serve you as my master, so make me your master too. I will value your judgment over mine. Your advice will affect me more heavily than my beliefs. I will never place myself first, but in return…”

	I looked at Lady Silver Lily’s face. Because our hands were locked, we were very close to each other. Her eyes were red, and I knew that they were the same color as her heart.

	“Please treat me like that too. If you do something wrong, I’ll tell you that it’s wrong. What I truly think, what I see, what I feel… I’ll confess everything to you without a single lie, but none of these things can be one-sided. If I give you my heart, what will I breathe with? I’ll suffocate and die someday. I can only continue to live when you give me your heart to breathe with.” I held Lady Silver Lily’s hand a little tighter. “If you want me to fall madly in love with you, please go mad for me too.”

	Lady Silver Lily shook my hand off and stumbled a couple of steps back as if she had been physically struck. However, she still looked impassive.

	“…I see. You’re different from the other idiotic apostles. I thought you were an innocent child… I was too hasty. Just because you’re unfamiliar with love, doesn’t mean you don’t know your way in life.”

	“You tried to seduce me and make me your servant, didn’t you?”

	“It was my mistake. I underestimated you.” Lady Silver Lily briefly bit her lower lip.

	Even that gesture was beautiful enough to send goosebumps running down my entire body. The ray of white moonlight shining down on the hallway turned into a shadow when it reached her.

	“Yeah, I’m not an easy man.” I smiled.

	“That’s too bad. It would have been better if you gave me everything and found your peace.”

	“You said that understanding and responsibility aren’t different. One-sided responsibility would be nothing more than one-sided understanding. That isn’t why I came to meet you.” My heart raced, but I held onto my composure. “So what’s the secret you’re going to tell me?”

	Lady Silver Lily turned around and walked away.

	“…My family has an heirloom that has been passed down for a long time. It’s a sword that came with a legend, but it’s so absurd that it sounds like a joke. The legend says that if you make a wish to the sword, it’ll always grant it.”

	At the end of the hallway, where even the moonlight didn’t reach, a thick bundle of red curtains lay covering something—or perhaps hiding something.

	“But you have to meet a condition before that.” Lady Silver Lily grabbed the edge of the curtain and pulled it back. Behind the curtain stood a full-length mirror that looked like it would belong in a dressing room. “When you make a wish, you should stab your own heart with the sword.”

	A sword was stuck in the middle of the mirror. Lady Silver Lily stood in front of it. Coincidentally, the sword was stuck at the same height as her heart.

	[Shiny has detected her sister’s presence.]

	The holy sword that was hung on my waist trembled.

	[Shiny says that she is the third sister sword of the holy protector sword.]

	Drop by drop, blood flowed out of the mirror where the sword pierced it. The curtains that had been covering the mirror hadn’t been red when they were made—the blood flowing from the mirror’s heart had dyed them into that color.

	[Her name is Prayer.]

	“It happened when I wasn’t a regressor yet. The crown prince and Lady Goldencup saw their love come into bloom. I was so angry that I prayed to the sword passed down in my family.”

	“What wish did you make…?”

	“I said ‘Please let my love last forever,’” she quietly answered. “And then, my life became eternal. Even if I die, I won’t stay dead. My love for the crown prince hasn’t changed because my heart has been fixed on that day.”

	Lady Silver Lily grabbed my hand and brought it to her chest where her heart should be. “Did you say you want my heart?”

	I couldn’t feel a pulse from her breast.

	“I’m sorry,” Lady Silver Lily said. “I have no heart to offer you.”

	[The Silver-Plated Heart looks at you.]

	The blood slowly pooling around the mirror transformed into a small figure. It was in a different size, but it was the demon that had killed the Paladin and the Countess in the previous try.

	I didn’t know why the blood from the mirror created something like that. Actually, it could have been summoned, not created. I wasn’t sure which was the answer. However, Lady Silver Lily held up her rapier and pointed it at the small demon as if she was used to all this.

	“Now, assist me. It’s time to finish today’s work.”

* * *

	1. This part is actually a Korean wordplay on how zoning out(멍하다) and woof(멍) sounds the same. That is how Gong-Ja is associating himself with a puppy. Some changes have been made for a smoother flow. ☜

	2. The raw is 공비어천가. It’s a parody of 용비어천가. 용비어천가 is an epic poem about how the Joseon Dynasty was founded for grand reasons and what kind of trials the ancestors had to go through to found the Joseon Dynasty. It’s mostly about praising the ancestors. ☜

