	Did that mean that all High Rankers had the seeds of a maniac in them? No… that couldn’t be…

	While I reflected on my faith in humanity, the Medicine King finally let out a, “Hmm…”

	The difference in height between her and him was drastic. The Chemist was as tall as her future. In contrast, the Medicine King had shrunk as much as he had aged. The Chemist looked down at the Medicine King, who had to look up at her.

	“Mr. Medicine King…”

	“You, girl…”

	The two spoke at the same time.

	“Are you incompetent…?

	“Are you lucky…?”

	Huh.

	“Pardon?” The Chemist tilted her head.

	The Medicine King nodded. “You’re lucky.”

	“What?”

	“Tsk, tsk. This is the problem with young people. You remind me of my Wall Street years in my thirties. I thought that earning 1.7 billion was all my doing.”

	The Chemist tilted her head, making her glasses slip. The corner of her mouth curled in a way that palpably radiated anger. “Do you want another match…?”

	“Are you sure about that? The goddess of luck doesn’t smile at you twice. Tsk, tsk. Seriously, you young people…”

	Three minutes passed.

	“You’re very lucky, but the goddess of luck doesn’t smile at you three times. This time, I’ll show you the power of experience…”

	Three more minutes passed.

	“You’re incredibly lucky, but the goddess of luck won’t smile at you four times…”

	In the end, the Sword Star grabbed his shoulder. “Stop… Stop it, Medicine King…”

	“What are you talking about, Marcus?”

	“You’re embarrassing yourself…”

	“No! It’s different this time! With my experience and ability, I’ll crush her beginner’s luck! I’m the Shawn McCalister. Can’t you see my laurels, Marcus?”

	“I’m sorry, young lady. You’re an incredible Chemist. It’s my fault for not trusting the Death King’s recommendation.” The Sword Star bowed in apology.

	The Chemist, who had been looking at the Medicine King like he was a cockroach, cleared her throat and tried to sound composed. “It… must be tough… having a friend like that…”

	“He has… his good side. Although… he’s not as good as you… he’s quite skilled with medicine…”

	“Yeah… He’s… better than nothing… It’s not like he has no basics, so he might make a decent assistant…” the Chemist mumbled.

	Just then, the Countess’s hand clamped around the Chemist’s wrist like a manacle. She was as fast as a cat going for catnip! “You! Contract!”

	“What?”

	“Contract! Right now! Exclusive contract! With me!”

	“Uhh, uhhh…” The Chemist sputtered in confusion.

	“Best perks in the industry! I’ll let you pet cats. No, you’ll have a room full of cats! How is it! How is it!?”

	The Chemist was so taken aback that she couldn’t even speak, but the Countess was just the beginning.

	“Me too!”

	“Miss Chemist! No, you’re Mr. Death King’s pick, so you’re also a king now. Miss Chemist King!”

	“No, she’s more than that! Miss Chemist Emperor!”

	“Medicine God! Please give us your potions!”

	The Chemist was flooded with requests for handshakes, just like when I’d cleared the tenth floor on my own.

	* * *

	The Chemist was flustered for a moment, but she worked up the courage to push the Hunters away.

	“F-first of all! Those of you w-who want to purchase my potions should talk to Mr. Death King! Ah, Miss Paladin is… an exception since she’s been my client all along! Still, I’m o-only going to sell my potions to those who have Mr. Death King’s referral. But… please don’t bother Mr. Death King too much…”

	The eyes of the Countess and the Hunters turned to me. Meanwhile, the Paladin made a sneaky victory pose and then put her hands down before anyone noticed.

	I smiled. “Let’s think about that after clearing the Heavenly Demon Chronicle.”

	“Ah! Y-yes!”

	A suggestion to climb up the Tower always worked on Hunters; it was like magic. Even the Countess stood down, although she looked bitter.

	Good, I thought.

	The team was now complete. It had the Sword Star, the Chemist, and above all, me.

	“No, no! It can’t be! It can’t! My experience! My experience isn’t something that beginner’s luck can beat!”

	Like the Chemist said, that Medicine King—or the Delusional King—would be better than nothing.

	“Hmm! It looks like the characters are all decided!” The Indoor Librarian beamed after the show ended. “Let me repeat: perishing in an apocalyptic book means death in real life. There is only one way to safely escape from an apocalyptic book! Overcome the crisis of discontinued serialization and meet a proper ending!”

	“What is the standard of a proper ending?” I asked.

	“It depends on you.” The Indoor Librarian grinned. “Maybe you’ll be able to end the plague and save murim. Using the plague to rule over murim is also an idea. The possibilities are endless! But decide for yourselves what the best ending is.”

	In other words, he was going to leave it to us.

	I nodded. “Okay. Then send me to the Heavenly Demon Chronic—”

	“Wait!” someone shouted. “Aren’t you going to go, Sect Master?”

	“You’re right. Murim is basically the Sect Master’s home ground.”

	The shouts came from the Hunters of the OJP Sect, which was led by the Viper. However, he had been lying low in the murim group, so he blinked in surprise.

	“Huh?”

	“This is the world for you, Sect Master…”

	“I agree! Sect Master, when it comes to the principles of gangho, you’re the best.”

	“Me too, Teacher. You should step up.”

	The Viper’s eyebrows furrowed as he slowly crossed his arms. His one eye under his thick eyebrow carried the determination of a man.

	“Yes, it is. I was about to ask if you guys had forgotten about me.”

	I was speechless. This made no sense—that man had absolutely no interest in murim. It was so suspicious that I pulled up the character window to see what he was thinking… and it was just as I expected.

	State of mind: Why are my freaking students trying to send me to that backwater!

	The Viper was screaming internally, but the one-eyed swordsman looked like he had been waiting for his students to say that. His voice was serious.

	“Murim is the world of martial artists and warriors who follow their code of honor! It may not be my actual hometown, but my heart has always been in murim.”

	State of mind: That world probably doesn’t even have flush toilets. I already had to deal with that bullshit the Aegim Empire because of that. Damnit…

	Wow.

	“You all know why my guild is called the OJP Sect.”

	State of mind: It’s an acronym of “I may have the ’O’P skill with which I can fight the world on my own, but I used to be a prime example of a thirty-two year old ’J’obless man before I got to the Tower. Is there a ’P’roblem with that?” But everyone seems to think it’s Overheavenly Jade Palace Sect. That’s how the banner maker made it. God, it’s too late to explain everything. Goddamn it…

	Oh my god.

	“I must go to this world.”

	State of mind: I absolutely do not want to go!

	I couldn’t figure out what to say. The Guardian, who shared my consciousness, seemed to be having the same problem.

	[Shiny reports she is also at a loss for words.]

	The man in front of me rendered a human, a ghost, and a Constellation speechless all at the same time. The Hunters, on the other hand, cheered for the man—especially the OJP Sect’s members.

	“Yes, Sect Master!”

	“I knew you would say that, Teacher!”

	“You’re our idol! You’re the true Hunter of this generation!”

	“I’ll be with you forever, Sect Master!”

	If I didn’t have the ability to read people’s minds… I would have been one of them. From every angle, the Viper looked like a warrior who devoted his life to the sword like the Sword Star.

	The Sword Star crossed his arms. “Hmm… I understand why you want to go, Viper.”

	“You bet I do.”

	“I don’t think that means that I should give up.” The Sword Star drew up his aura.

	The Viper had already been gathering his aura, so the two swordsmen’s aura clashed in the air. Their powers met with a loud pop. Sensing the imminent danger, some of the bookmark maids managed to flee, but many of them were sent flying.

	The Hunters were fired up.

	“The Sword Star and Viper are going head to head!”

	“This is a fight for their pride!”

	It was quite a sight. Because I knew what was really going on inside the Viper’s head, it was also amazing in another way.

	“Both of you, stop,” the Paladin said.

	I heard clinking sounds coming from her. The reason she was making those noises was because she was one of the few people who had bet on the Chemist earlier. Her pouch used to be perpetually slim, but it was full after receiving the winnings from a 0.18 to 47 bet. She looked serious as ever, but it felt subtly off. It was probably the magic of a fat money pouch.

	“Don’t tell me you two are going to start a fight here.”

	Regardless of her money pouch, the Paladin took mediating as seriously as she always did.

	Wait. Has she always been doing this…? I wondered.

	—That’s what I was thinking too, Zombie. If she has always been doing that and we just didn’t know until now…

	The world seems to be full of forbidden knowledge…

	The Viper scoffed. “When my sword has to dance, it shall dance. Fuck. The Sword Star and I are both swordsmen. We can fight like swordsmen and the stronger one will go.”

	State of mind: I’ll lose on purpose! It’s embarrassing if I make it obvious, so I’ll make it a close match at first and lose right before it’s about to end! My students will understand if I lose to the Sword Star. Yup.

	I couldn’t believe it.

	The Sword Star, who had no idea what was going on, wiped off the sweat from his forehead. “I’m sorry, Viper… When I face a strong opponent like you, I have to give everything I have. I ended up permanently damaging your one eye in our last match. I can’t guarantee that this isn’t going to end like the last time.”

	“Right back at you, old man. If you think I’m still the old me, you’re walking into your coffin.”

	State of mind: Ah, fuck! Fuck! FUUUUUCK!

	The Viper looked like the very picture of a valiant warrior.

	—Zombie. The Guardian, floating next to me, wiped the sweat off his forehead like the Sword Star.

	Yes?

	—I did tell you that high-level Hunters are all crazy, but… but… he’s… what’s the right word…

	He’s the real deal… I agreed.

	My forehead was covered in sweat too. Actually, every Hunter in the library and no doubt everyone watching the broadcast in the plaza was feeling the heat too.

	Even the Paladin had sweat dripping off her cheeks and landing on her bulging money pouch.

	“Viper. You’re…”

	The Viper gave her a manly smile. “A time comes for every martial artist when he cannot stand down.”

	State of mind: Paladin! Do something!

	I was pretty sure that she didn’t receive his message, but she did something.

	“Mr. Sword Star… Can you back down this once, please?”

	State of mind: Wait. Why are you telling him to back down!

	Why are you telling him to back down? Oh, we were thinking the same thing. I thought the same as the real deal… I shut my eyes.

	[Shiny vibrates to massage your waist.]

	Even the Guardian patted my shoulder in quiet consolation.

	“I’m aware that you always want to be at the front, but you were already part of the expedition team with the Death King and Black Dragon Master and the three of you cleared the twelfth to nineteenth floors. Yet you’re asking for the chance to go to the twenty-second floor first, instead of letting someone else have the chance. It’s rather shameless.”

	Her tone was calm, and her reasoning was logical. Even her look was serious—the only thing that stuck out was the plump money pouch hung on her belt.

	Pointing at the Viper’s students, the cause of this disaster, the Paladin added, “Besides, the OJP Sect’s Master is the leader of a guild. I know he isn’t the type to worry about how he looks to his students, but he’s different from you given that you operate on your own. Can you respect his position a little?”

	“Mmm…” The Sword Star groaned. A frown flitted across his face. His eyebrows went up and down several times before he crossed his arms. “Did I ever care about the Five Guilds?”

	The Paladin gritted her teeth. “Mr. Sword Star, are you ser—!”

	“But recently I’ve been trying to be less shameless,” the Sword Star interrupted her. He turned to look at me.

	Why was he looking at me…? Regardless, it was nice to see an obstinate old man compromise. It was so beautiful that I hoped the Medicine King or whatever he was called learned at least a teensy bit from him, instead of constantly muttering, “It can’t be true” from the side. But why was the Sword Star being so well-behaved now out of all times he possibly could have done…?

	“Okay.” The Sword Star took a step back. He looked at the Heavenly Demon Chronicle with eyes that still radiated desire, but he dragged them away. “Viper, I’ll let you have this one.”

	The Viper’s eyes widened, but only for a moment. More of his aura spread into the air as he grinned like a gambler who’d won big. “Couldn’t you have said that sooner? Sigh. It’s your lucky day, old man.”

	State of mind: No! What? Why are you suddenly doing this, Marcus Carlenbery? You’re not the type of guy who lets other people take things from you! No! I don’t want to go!

	The forbidden truth was indescribable. The Paladin’s expression was equally indescribable.

	The Inquisitor, who had been watching everything with sparkling eyes, bounced over and hugged her arm. “This is amazing, Miss Paladin! You persuaded the Sword Star!”

	“No, the Sword Star merely accepted my reasoning.”

	“Hahaha. Is that so? Then I should give the Sword Star a hug!”

	“I refuse,” the Sword Star curtly responded. However, no refusal worked on the natural-born psycho, so the Sword Star had to deal with quite a bit of trouble for a while.

	“…Everyone grows, even a little bit.” The Black Witch smiled behind her hand.

	It was like the happy epilogue of a novel.

	With that done, the other three people finished their preparations for the expedition into the apocalyptic book named Heavenly Demon Chronicle.

	“Tsk. If it’s decided, let’s go already. The sun is going to come up at this rate. You people are just like when I was young… I guess there’s no other choice but to go. That young girl’s luck got me earlier, but that doesn’t change the truth. I, the Medicine King, am the best Chemist out there. There’s never been a Chemist like me and everyone knows it.”

	The Chemist whimpered. “Mr. Death King, I’m scared… Is it really okay for someone like me to follow? Well, yes, I’m at least better than that old Medicine King coot or whatever they call him. It’s proven like Galileo Galilei’s heliocentrism, but that cockroach doesn’t admit it for some reason. Still, I’m…”

	“Hey, you non-combatants. Take cover when we’re fighting. People can lose their heads in a blink,” the Viper warned them.

	State of mind: I don’t want to go… Please switch places with me, old man… It’s not too late…

	I blankly looked at my expedition members.

	—Don’t worry, Zombie. Just kill yourself if it goes south. Catch the disease or throw yourself from the cliff so you can go back to before today! Seriously, you have my approval on this one. I can feel it in my soul. Well, that’s all I have right now though.

	A rare consolation from the Guardian.

	I nodded weakly. “Okay… Let’s go…”

	“Alright.” The Indoor Librarian giggled and flicked his fingers.

	The apocalyptic book the Sword Star held went flying back to the Indoor Librarian’s hand like a bird returning to roost. After all, it was his, and he had only been lending it to us.

	The Indoor Librarian grabbed the book and opened it in one smooth motion. “Death King, Viper, Medicine King, and Chemist. Four of you have been selected as new characters of Heavenly Demon Chronicle. Once you open your eyes, you’ll find yourselves in the world ten days before the serialization of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle unfortunately discontinues.”

	The book began to glow.

	“I hope you’ll show me a great ending.” The Indoor Librarian smiled.

	And the light enveloped us, dispatching the expedition team without hopes and dreams.

Chapter 62

The Great War of Good and Evil (1)

	I had never read a murim novel. They never interested me, and the genre had already become old-fashioned by my generation. Old murim movies were occasionally uploaded to the internet, but due to their crude CG, they just became laughingstocks.

	Mine was the generation where all seriousness was laughed upon, leaving a tiny niche for martial arts and their codes of honor. The genre was in decline.

	The said declining world was snowing.

	“…It’s cold!”

	We, the expedition team of no hopes and dreams, safely entered the apocalyptic book’s world and were immediately greeted by a vast snowfield. Some adorable sounds were made as we stepped through the snow, but there was nothing cute about the cold biting at us.

	“Everyone! Use your aura to protect yourselves!” I yelled.

	The coldness would freeze everyone if they did nothing. The Viper immediately drew up his aura, but the Chemist and Medicine King couldn’t because they were supports.

	“I-I-I… haven’t learned how to use aura…”

	“Achoo! Aaaaachooo! I’m going to die! You’re going to kill this old man with this cold!”

	It had been less than twenty seconds since we’d arrived in the apocalyptic book’s world, but their faces were as pale as corpses. Well, I had done all sorts of stuff to learn how to use my aura, so it was highly unlikely for any support Hunter to know how to use their aura.

	“Tsk.”

	I quickly acted to solve the situation.

	“Sect Master, please take care of the Medicine King!”

	“Alright.” The Viper picked up the Medicine King. He may be the king of light novels, but rather die than look weak and he was still a High Ranker built for combat. His purple aura enveloped the Medicine King in short order.

	The Medicine King sighed in relief like an old man settling into a hot spring. “That’s a bit better…”

	I nodded and then took the Chemist’s hand. “You’re with me.”

	“P-pardon?”

	“Give me your hand.”

	I transferred my aura through our hands. My red aura, which I still didn’t know if it symbolized blood or fire, spread warmly over the Chemist.

	She bowed. “Ah. T-thank you, Mr. Death King. But t-this is a bit ticklish…”

	“I know it’s awkward. I feel the same, but this isn’t the time to worry about it.”

	I looked around. The snowstorm surrounding us was as thick as fog. The issue of our body temperature was temporarily taken care of, but I wasn’t sure where to go next.

	“The Indoor Librarian is a Constellation, so he used words like books and discontinued serialization. But this is a world, not a book. And we’re here to save it. You know that, right?”

	The Chemist’s eyes widened slightly. “…Yes, we are. I may have taken this a little too lightly. I’ll try my best.”

	“We just have to focus on our roles. I’ll protect you with my aura, but you and Mr. Medicine King should take the lead when it’s time to end the plague. Please remember that.”

	“Yes, Mr. Death King.”

	The snowstorm whistled past my ears. Squinting, I tried my best to figure out my surroundings.

	The last two sentences of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle crossed my head: “A mysterious plague breaks out, killing the Heavenly Demon and wiping out the Heavenly Demon Cult and the other factions.”

	They were simple and short and said nothing about the bone-numbing cold or the knee-high snow. It just said the world met its end.

	Now we had to find out why the character named Heavenly Demon was going to die. And what was this plague that was driving humanity here to its death?

	“Oh!” The Chemist suddenly squeezed my hand and pointed into the snowstorm. “Look over there, Mr. Death King! I think I saw people!”

	Everyone looked where the Chemist pointed. She was right. They were hard to see because of the thick snowstorm… but I could see a forest of human shadows. It wasn’t just a couple of people—there were dozens, possibly even hundreds of them.

	“Okay. Let’s head over there first.”

	I took the lead. The wind continued to whip the snow into a frenzy. Through it, people were reduced to vague silhouettes. We stayed close together so we wouldn’t lose each other.

	—Zombie, there’s something wrong about this. I can’t hear anything from there, the Guardian said. He was looking around me, acting as an extra pair of eyes.

	Is it the snowstorm?

	—Maybe. The Guardian squinted at the forest of silhouettes. But that isn’t just the sounds… They aren’t moving at all. It’s like they’re sculptures, not humans.

	Fortunately, the snowstorm didn’t last long. Once it subsided, it was much easier to see. That was the only upside—the sight it unveiled left us speechless.

	“…What are these?” the Viper whispered, his words accentuated by puffs of white. “Why are they all frozen?”

	Hundreds of people all stood frozen in the snowfield.

	* * *

	“…They are human,” the Chemist said, studying one of the frozen humans. With latex gloves on, she used a tweezer to tear off some of the flesh. “According to my Life Analysis Skill, it’s already been two years and three months since he died. An illness killed him, but it isn’t registered on my Mobile Hospital.”

	“How strange!” The Medicine King put on his monocle and examined a frozen human as well.

	Like how a combat Hunter utilized their Skills to fight, the Chemist and Medicine King used their support Skills to assess the frozen humans.

	“They all died from the same cause, but it wasn’t the cold. The disease killed them, so they should be lying on the ground… but they’re all standing. How baffling. In times like this, Silicon Valley—”

	“It’s highly likely that someone moved them here on purpose,” the Chemist interrupted. After the talk we’d had, she looked much more serious. “Although they all died from the same cause, their time of death is all different. He died two years ago, and she died three years ago. The only possible conclusion I can reach right now is that someone intentionally moved the corpses here…”

	I narrowed my eyes. “Is this some sort of graveyard?”

	“A graveyard, huh? It does look like a terracotta army from afar.” The Viper stroked his chin.

	All of the frozen humans were in different poses. One of them was spreading her arms as she looked up at the sky. Another person was baring his teeth like an animal.

	I took a look at the nearest one. Show me the status window, I thought.

	Name: Jang Seongpa

	Affection: —

	Liked genre: —

	Disliked genre: —

	Liked character: —

	Disliked character: —

	Liked plot point: —

	Disliked plot point: —

	State of mind: Light.

	So this was how the character window of dead people looked. This “Light” in his state of mind was probably the last thought he had before he died. The corpse’s state of mind never changed, like the engraving on a tombstone.

	We discussed the mystery we faced.

	“A graveyard… Why is it made like this if it’s a graveyard?”

	“I’m not sure, but they all have weapons on their belts.”

	“Is there somewhere we can shelter? It’s warm because of your aura, but…”

	“…Hahahaha!”

	The sudden laughter in the distance made us instinctively duck, but whoever it was didn’t seem to notice our presence.

	“The Heavenly Demon Cult’s rule ends today!” he shouted.

	“Hah! Even a dog would laugh at that.”

	There were actually two people. Their voices were quite distinct; one belonged to an old man, and the other was a young woman’s.

	“As long as I am here, the Heavenly Demon Cult will remain the absolute ruler of murim. Buwolseon, it’s time for you to say goodbye to your meaningless dream of building the Righteous Faction’s murim,” the woman confidently declared.

	“Nonsense!” the old man yelled. “The Blood Demon Unit your cult was so proud of already lost their heads to my ax. I also chopped off your rotten Demonic Head Elders’ heads and sent them to the otherworld! I have five hundred of murim’s elite by my side, so no demonic arts of yours can stop me!”

	“Ha.” The woman quietly laughed. “For an old man, you certainly know how to talk. You aren’t strong enough to kill them, and my Blood Demons are on a secret mission, so they’re away right now.”

	I held up my finger and gestured at the others to be quiet. They blinked.

	“Let’s approach them quietly, okay?” I muttered under my breath.

	They nodded. We slowly approached the forest of corpses, the frozen graveyard. The two voices slowly became clearer. It wasn’t long before we laid eyes on them. The woman was wearing a black martial arts uniform; the old man was in white.

	“Worry about your people first, Wolseon,” the woman chastised. “You used to be the respected leader of murim, but look at yourself now. It’s pathetic. Where did all your prodigies from the Prestigious Clans go? You used to go on and on about them.”

	“Ha! None of your business. They had to carry out an urgent secret mission, so they went all over the world!”

	“You give out a lot of secret missions.”

	“That’s because you ruined the world, woman! If that wasn’t for the Heavenly Demon Cult’s idiotic rule, the world wouldn’t have ended up like this!”

	“If me and my people are idiots, what does that make you people? You handed murim to us. You’re worse than idiots.”

	“Y-you wench!”

	“If you have a problem with that, fight me, old man.”

	They were having a very dirty fight. From the sound of it, the old man in the white outfit seemed to be from the Righteous Faction; on the other hand, the woman in black was part of the Heavenly Demon Cult. They pointed their weapons at each other.

	“Forget it. I can’t watch a demon cult leader like you boast anymore! I’ll cut your head into two. One half shall be offered to the Jade Emperor and the other to Yama!”

	“Phew. I want to end this too. Today, I’m finally going to finish the last survivor of the Righteous Faction and show the world that the Heavenly Demon Cult’s rule is still absolute.”

	It had the feel of street talk, but it was still the typical start of a battle between two martial artists in murim. Now, all they had to do was wield their qi and exchange brilliant sword attacks. Then, everything would then become perfect.

	However, I found one big problem.

	—Zombie, the Guardian blankly mumbled. Why are they holding sticks…?

	Indeed, the old man and the woman were holding thin sticks that were usually used to inflict physical punishment. That was what they were using for weapons. The splendid weapons that always showed up in murim movies were nowhere to be seen.

	The pair seemed to feel embarrassed pointing sticks at each other because they awkwardly stared at each other for a long moment.

	“…Buwolseon,” the woman in black cautiously ventured, “did you lose your Jade Ax or something? Why did you bring a piece of wood? You’re just a goon from the Namgung Clan and your only strength is your powerful ax swings…”

	“B-be quiet!” The old man’s face reddened. “I could ask the same about you! Where is your Bloodbane Demon Sword? You used to treat it like it was your daughter! Did you throw it away somewhere? Why are you holding a stick like that!”

	“Stick?” The woman avoided the old man’s eyes. “Excuse me. It may not look like it, but I carved this wooden sword myself. It contains the essence of the millennium-long Demonic Path. I bestowed the name of Demonic Heaven Saber to this weapon.”

	“Did you really call a stick ‘Demonic Heaven’?”

	“I can’t…?”

	After a short silence, the old man quietly coughed. “Ahem. That’s too grandiose for a stick. Why don’t you just give it a more mundane name and call it a cane?”

	“That just means that it’s a stick…”

	“It is a stick, you idiot!”

	The woman nodded, dispirited. “Okay. Since you say so, I’ll be satisfied with the Demonic Cane.”

	“Damn you! Demon this! Demon that! “ The old man’s white mustache trembled in annoyance. “Why are you cultists always so anxious to name everything demon? Just your minions are Blood Demons, Sword Demons, Ghostfire Demons, and Moonlight Demons! That’s four types of demons already! Then their captains are also called the Four Demon Kings! Is the first word you ever learn demon?”

	“Doesn’t it sound tasteful…?”

	“Ahhhh! I can’t believe murim ever ended up in your hands, even if it was short!”

	Meanwhile, the dark snow clouds were eating away the sunlight little by little. They were unusually thick, so the world was shrouded in a dense darkness.

	“Hup!” The old man gasped. “D-Demon. This is not the time to fight among ourselves!”

	The two immediately stood back to back as if they’d never fought.

	Cold sweat rolled off the woman’s forehead. “Shit. The laws of nature have recently been unruly…”

	“You wench! You were confident that it was going to be a clear day today!”

	“There are times when my predictions are wrong. How am I supposed to understand the laws of nature? I just watched how the Ghostfire Demon King does it. “

	“For goodness’s sake! A fortune teller off the street would make a better cult leader than you. I can’t believe I fell for your temptation and ruined such an important event!”

	“Shut up and get ready to fight, old man. You’re wasting what little stamina I have left.”

	Their conversation left me and the others baffled.

	“W-what do you think is wrong with them…?” the Chemist whispered.

	“Well, I don’t know ei—”

	Just as I was about to answer, I heard a low growl. At first, I thought that it was made by someone from my group, but then I heard growling gradually coming from the left, the right, in front of us, and behind. I realized I was gravely mistaken.

	The Chemist gasped in surprise and clutched my arm, her face pale as a sheet. The Viper and Medicine King looked equally worried and I was sure I was wearing a deep frown too.

	Around one thousand frozen humans, which we had believed to be ordinary corpses, slowly… moved their limbs.

	The frozen corpse right beside us rolled his eyes. His pupils were dilated and most of his eyebrows were gone. It looked like parts of his eyes had been eaten away, yet despite all of that, the corpse looked right into my eyes. When I saw his eyes, I realized what was going on.

	“Fucking hell…” I gritted my teeth.

	The description of Heavenly Demon Chronicle read:

	Heavenly Demon Chronicle

	Genres: Murim, fusion fantasy

	Difficulty level: B

	Required challengers: 2~4 people

	※Serialization is currently discontinued.

	Description: This is the world where people admire, practice, and master martial arts! The Heavenly Demon shows up and tries to unify murim, leading the Heavenly Demon Cult. The other factions rise against him and fight for the world’s future… Well, they would have done that if that hadn’t been for a super plague.

	Reason for discontinuation of serialization: A mysterious plague breaks out, killing the Heavenly Demon and wiping out the Heavenly Demon Cult and the other factions. The end.

	The corpses slowly moved. They were slow, but the sight of them moving was horror itself. Now I knew what the mysterious super plague that brought this world to damnation was.

	“The super plague is a zombie virus?!” I shouted.

	The corpse opened his mouth and roared. The sun was now completely blotted out, and around a thousand zombies charged us.

Chapter 63

The Great War of Good and Evil (2)

	The Chemist was pale and shivering.

	“Ah—”

	“Arghhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!”

	The Chemist’s scream was drowned out by a much louder one. The scream came from a man who was old enough to be the Sword Star’s friend, but that had energy that would put most young people to shame.

	The Medicine King floundered. “Run! Run away! I’ve never seen such beings in Silicon Valley! Arghhhh! The world is doomed! The end is nigh!”

	“This world already ended!” I quickly drew my holy sword and cut down the closest zombie.

	Unlike murim novels, I had a fair number of zombie movies and dramas. In fact, I had fought them myself on the thirteenth floor. Thanks to my experience, I instinctively cut off the zombie’s head.

	The zombie continued to growl even as its head spun through the air. Its headless corpse, though, continued to flail its limbs. Damn. It looked like they were the type that stopped functioning only after their brains were destroyed. The worst type.

	“Let’s get out of here!” I shouted.

	The old man from the Righteous Faction and the woman of the Heavenly Demon Cult finally realized we were there. Just like the zombies had shocked us, our presence made their jaws drop.

	“W-who are you!?” the old man stammered.

	“…Old man, it looks like my eyes have finally gone rotten. I see not just one but four humans who are alive and moving. Perhaps Yama is calling for me.”

	“I-I see them too. All your mockery must have messed up my head.”

	I threw the Chemist over my shoulder. “You two should run away too! Even better, tell us where we should run!”

	The martial artists looked at each other.

	“Oh my goodness. I think they are real, old man,” the woman breathed.

	“Are we already dead? Is this what the underworld looks like…?”

	“Then there are only two possibilities: we are either in hell or paradise together.”

	“As the leader of the Murim Alliance, I’ve dedicated myself to upholding honor, so I don’t think I would go to hell when I die. I believe this is paradise, but there are no peach trees or fairies. It’s full of jiangshi[1]. Above all, you’re here. It’s too strange to be paradise.”

	“Then it must be real, not a dream.”

	“And they’re real people?”

	“They’re warm. I don’t think they’re jiangshi.”

	It might’ve been obvious already from how relaxed they sounded, but the Viper had the man of the Righteous Faction in his arms, and the Heavenly Demon Cult woman was in mine. We were running away from the zombie horde.

	“Where are you all from?” The woman looked up at me with interest. “Your foot art is quite interesting. Are you from outer murim? Did those barbarians survive?”

	“We’re…” I trailed off, my mind working at full speed. I didn’t exactly understand what outer murim was supposed to be, but I assumed that it meant the world outside murim. Fortunately for me a sound coming from behind us spared me the need to answer.

	The zombies seemed to have finished warming up and were now running after us. No, running didn’t seem like the right word to describe what was going on—those zombies were so energetic that they crossed ten meters with every step. Hundreds of zombies flew over the snow like a pack of seagulls, to our shock and terror.

	“W-what?” The Viper’s mouth was agape. “Why the hell are zombies flying?!”

	“They’re using the lightness art I created. I borrowed it from those Kunlun bums and refined it,” the woman boasted. “Look at them. They passed the level of Traceless Snow and reached Free Sky! They’re my students and the elites of my cult. They haven’t forgotten their martial arts even in death. How commendable.”

	“H-hold on,” I said. Although I only vaguely understood those names, there was one thing I really had to figure out. “They don’t forget what they learned even though they’re dead?”

	“Huh? You’re behind on the news. Is everyone from outer murim like this?” The woman tilted her head. “Those from murim use their martial arts after becoming jiangshi. Isn’t that common knowledge?”

	“I really don’t think it is!”

	Oh my god. We were dealing with zombies that used martial arts! If this apocalyptic book was a comedy, I would have laughed it off, but it was an authentic murim, not a joke!

	“The ones at the front are my students and elites of the cult. My students react to bloodlust even in their sleep.” The women nodded. “Haha. It’s amazing that they’re still using the lightness art after becoming jiangshi.”

	“Ahhhhhhh! They’re catching up! They’re catching up!” the Medicine King yelled as he bounced along on the Viper’s back. The jiangshi swooped out of the air like ferocious hawks, almost tearing off the Medicine King’s hair. “Run quicker! Quicker! If they bite me and I become a zombie, I’ll bite you first, Sect Master!”

	“Fuck. Who the fuck recruited him for this expedition!” the Viper squawked. “And why do I have to cart two men around while you’re carrying two women!”

	“We’re about to be killed by freaking martial artist zombies! Does that really matter?!”

	“We’re about to die, so what else matters!” the Viper snapped back.

	—Zombie! Zombies! The Guardian shouted, faithfully working as my eyes in the back of my head.

	Ah, fuck.

	“Weakness!” I shouted at the woman. “Do those jiangshi have any weaknesses?”

	“They stop moving when I crush their heads.”

	“Give me an easier way!”

	By this point, I had embraced my death. Normal zombies would have been a different story, but this was a world full of flying zombies who were also martial artists. I would need the Sword Star, the Black Witch, and the Inquisitor to even have a chance of clearing this stage.

	The woman nodded and pointed over my shoulder. “They don’t move when the sun is out.”

	The answer had been right there the whole time if I’d thought about it. The zombies coming to life in front of me and then flying using the lightness art was so shocking that the answer never crossed my head.

	“Ma’am! And Miss Chemist!” I shouted.

	“Yeah.”

	“Y-yes?”

	While the woman from the Heavenly Demon Cult answered casually, the Chemist’s voice was quivering.

	I focused my aura into my arms. “I’m sorry, but I’m going to throw you! Please be careful when you land!”

	“Alright.”

	“…What?”

	And then I hurled the woman as far as possible, immediately followed by the Chemist, like a javelin thrower in the Olympics. The woman landed headfirst in the snow without a sound, but the Chemist screamed her lungs out until she smacked into the snow spread-eagle.

	“I’m sorry!” I apologized again before I stopped. I turned back to the hundreds of zombies coming at me.

	I was covered in goosebumps. Even though I had fought zombies on the thirteenth floor, they were completely different from the martial artist zombies skipping over the snowfield like a swarm of mosquitoes.

	Honestly, it was terrifying.

	For some reason, the Guardian was over the moon.

	—You’re gonna die! I’m going to see Zombie actually getting killed by zombies! This is awesome! That’s one item I can cross off of my bucket list!

	Did he still have a bucket list even though he was already dead?

	“I am! Not going to die yet!” I faced the zombie pack in the middle of the snowfield and drew the holy protector sword. The zombie right in front of me bared its gore-stained teeth.

	Shiny!

	[Shiny answers your call.]

	Idol, a piece of a Constellation and the first of the five sister swords, released her light. The snowfield shone brightly with the sword’s light.

	And I realized that I had a gift for naming—Shiny was the perfect name for the sword.

	When the holy sword’s light touched them, the zombies instantly stopped moving and dropped to the ground like mosquitoes that got a face full of bug spray. They didn’t break their fall at all, so the snowfield ended up honeycombed with holes.

	One of the zombies froze with a lock of the Medicine King’s hair in its hand.

	The Medicine King groaned. “A-am I alive? Did I survive again? For god’s sake. I would‘ve never come to the Tower if that wasn’t for Marcus. What’s wrong with my life…?”

	“Is everyone okay?” I looked around.

	I hadn’t let my guard down yet. The sky was still cloudy, so the ground was still dark. The holy protector sword was the only source of light; if it went off just for a moment, those terrifying jiangshi would become active again.

	“Urgh… My face hurts a little, but I’m fine… Thank you for saving us, Mr. Death King…”

	“Fuck! The Sword Star, that guy… I want a life where I don’t have to deal with old men!”

	The Chemist and Viper let me know their safety in their own ways. I nodded.

	“Sect Master, please protect the others.”

	“What are you going to do?”

	“I’m going to take care of those zombies while they aren’t moving.” I pointed the holy sword at the zombies. “I have to smash their brains one by one, so it’ll take time, but it won’t be too difficult…”

	“Hold on, child from outer murim.” The woman stood up from the snowfield, slowly wiping the snow off of her clothes. “First, I would like to express my gratitude for saving me even though we’ve never met before. However, I have to stop you if you’re going to eliminate these jiangshi.”

	“…Why is that?” I asked. All kinds of thoughts swirled inside my head. Were zombies under a special curse, and did those who killed them get infected? Actually, not many monsters were portrayed in as many different ways as zombies were. Depending on the settings, they could be trivial monsters or an absolute disaster.

	“All of them are elites of my cult.”

	“What?” I asked, caught totally off guard.

	“They’re my students and subordinates,” the woman solemnly replied. “The great war to root out those of the Righteous Path is imminent. I’m in need of every one of them I can get. I’m already outnumbered, so I can’t lose a single one of them.”

	What the heck was she saying? None of us could understand. What great war was she talking about? The world of Heavenly Demon Chronicle was on the brink of destruction. There was no way this world still had factions or enough humans to have a war.

	“Once you open your eyes, you’ll find yourselves in the world ten days before the serialization of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle unfortunately discontinues,” was what the Indoor Librarian had said. Only ten days were left before the complete extinction of mankind here. I didn’t know how many survivors were left in this world… but they were all going to die in ten days. The woman from the Heavenly Demon Cult and the man from the Righteous Faction weren’t exempted from this fate. While it wasn’t clear if they were aware of that, the two martial artists were nonchalant.

	“Me and the old—”

	“I’m Buwolseon, the leader of the Murim Alliance,” the man interrupted.

	“…The old man and I have been continuing this great war for three years now. It’s actually been nine hundred eighty nine days since the Great War of Right and Evil was declared. We swore on our names that no one would leave until one of us acknowledges their defeat,” the woman intoned. “They may have become jiangshi, but they’re my people as long as they use the martial arts of my cult. Don’t kill them. If you want to kill the jiangshi, kill the ones wearing monk—”

	“Nonsense! I sweated blood to gather those prodigies from the Prestigious Clans!” The old man jumped up and down. “You made a promise, you Heavenly Demon wench! We aren’t going to hurt the jiangshi, and you and I are going to see the end of the Great War of Good and Evil on our own!”

	“Promises are meant to be broken.”

	“You evil wretch, then I’ll crush those demonic jiangshi one by one!”

	“You call yourself the leader of the Righteous Faction and yet you’re going to go back on your word? You’re revealing your true color, you hypocrite!”

	The man and woman looked like they were about to fight until one of them died, just like they were doing before the zombies started moving.

	I was dumbfounded.

	“…The world is doomed, but you two insist on continuing this great war of whatever?”

	“You’ve got it the wrong way around.” The woman called the Heavenly Demon shook her head. “The world already met its end during our great war.”

	To sum it up, the old man was the leader of the Righteous Faction and the Murim Alliance[2], and the woman was the Heavenly Demon. They had been fighting each other for the future of this world. It had all been fine until a plague had suddenly broken out, turning all of their people into zombies.

	Ordinary people would have stopped the war and gone into hiding… but the people of murim were anything but ordinary.

	“That doesn’t mean we can postpone the war we’ve already begun!” the Heavenly Demon declared.

	The Murim Alliance’s leader and the Heavenly Demon… didn’t end the war even though all of their people were now zombies. In fact, they still treated the jiangshi like loyal soldiers. That was how they had been continuing the Great War of Right and Evil for three years as the world was consumed by a zombie apocalypse.

	“I’ll never stop until I claim victory from that old man. As I still have my five hundred jiangshi soldiers, I’m going to lead them and crush those bastards from the Righteous Path.”

	“Right back at you, demon! The greatest prodigies of murim are with me and they’ll still fight against you, wench, even after becoming vengeful spirits! 989 days is enough. It’s time to end this war!”

	Yes, my expedition team wasn’t the only one without hope. The same was true for this world.

* * *

	1. Eastern vampire/zombies. ☜

	2. The difference is that while all the righteous sects can be considered to be part of the Righteous Faction, only the selected righteous sects can join the Murim Alliance. ☜

Chapter 64

The Great War of Good and Evil (3)

	The world was doomed, but the two martial artists didn’t stop their war. I was in disbelief… but there was more yet to come—how the two fought.

	“Like the quality of the writing brush doesn’t matter to a scholar, the state of the sword isn’t important to a martial artist,” the Heavenly Demon told the Murim Alliance's leader, still holding the stick. “I may be using my Demonic Cane because I forgot my Bloodbane Demon Sword, but it won’t stop me from sending you to hell, old man.”

	“Alriiiiight!” the Murim Alliance's leader valiantly shouted. He was also holding a stick. “Let’s see who will be the one to unify murim!”

	And the two martial artists clashed. Perhaps the word “clash” was giving them too much credit—it was nothing more than a street fight.

	“Heavenly Demon Descent Step!”

	“Hah! Sky-Shattering Yellow Ax!”

	They shouted names that sounded legitimate as they fought, but that was pretty much it. The weapons in their hands were still sticks, and the sounds of their sticks bumping into each other were rather light and cheerful.

	The sticks didn’t last long. After that, the Heavenly Demon and Murim Alliance's leader threw themselves at each other with their bare hands, glaring viciously the whole time. The Heavenly Demon grabbed the Murim Alliance's leader’s mustache while he pulled on her hair.

	I was at a loss for words.

	“What in the world…”

	It was getting more ridiculous by the second. Everyone except the two brawlers was struck dumb.

	—That’s strange, the Guardian mumbled, to my surprise. Their forms are proper, though.

	What are you talking about?

	—Their forms and their breathing methods are correct. They would be treated as top masters in my world too.

	I turned my eyes back to the fight. The Murim Alliance's leader was about to poke the woman’s eyes out, forcing her to cover her face.

	Are you serious?

	—Don’t you see the exquisite principles? That eye poking echoes a divine dragon snatching an evil dragon’s cintamani[1] with its claws. If I had to give it a name, it would be the principle of Double Dragon Orb Fight. And the way she covers her face contains the essence of the bodhisattva covering the faces of all sentient beings, so it can be called the Thousand Form Bodhastiva…

	I raised my hand to stop the Guardian’s explanation. So why is their match no better than a street fight?

	—That is why it’s strange. When their forms are that good, their qi should be equally advanced and abundant as well. They’re fighting like shit because they aren’t using any qi—I mean aura. They wouldn’t be like that even if their dantians were destroyed… The Guardian cocked his head.

	A possibility crossed my mind. It might be the only possible answer.

	Mr. Sword Emperor, you’re just messing with me, aren’t you?

	—Come on, Zombie. I’m not a demon. I don’t joke about this kind of stuff, the Guardian snapped. I mean, can’t you see it? I guess it’s because you went through secluded training with Preta, who used her aura to make up for her lack of mastery. Tsk, tsk. Well, that was the type of training you needed at the time though…

	I couldn’t believe that the Guardian had summarized my years of fighting the Demon King of Autumn Rain as “secluded training.” Still, he was serious, and it turned out he wasn’t alone.

	“That old man and the woman… They’re quite good.” The Viper narrowed his one eye. “The biting just now had the principle of CKB. And the arm throw is from MHS.”

	—Wow. He’s a real weirdo, but he’s a martial artist alright. Yeah, the bite is like a colossal king of serpents’ bite. And the arm throw is like a menacing hawk’s swoop! See, Zombie? Unlike you, I have a good eye.

	The Viper’s arms were crossed; he was watching the fight very seriously. I quietly pulled up his character window.

	State of mind: If I analyze the attack routes showing up on my Take On The World Alone Skill… Yeah, I’m right. Those movements can be interpreted to “I’m fine with reincarnating into a Cerberus and protecting the front gate of the demon King’s castle, but the troublemaker and the class president reincarnated as my other two heads, so I’m suffering, stuck Between them.”

	The arm throw can be understood as “A Male high school student who used to be a hero in an online game decided to be a true Hero with his younger childhood friend who Skipped her previous grade and is also a famous comic author.” I’m sure of it.

	The Guardian shut his mouth.

	The Chemist, not knowing the truth, tilted her head in confusion. “I-is that so, Sect Master…? That just looks like a children’s fight…”

	“If anyone could see it, there would be no masters or beginners. Only people like me can see it.” The Viper shrugged.

	State of mind: Oh my god. Their attacks open up so many new attack routes. How many are there? They’re way more skilled than the old Sword Star. I feel like I’m going to level up just by watching them fight. It seems I’m going to have a lot to teach my students when I’m back.

	Mmmm… Mr. Sword Emperor.

	—Yes, Zombie…?

	It’s said that all water ends up in the ocean, right? And many different formulas are used to reach the same answer… That’s probably his way of understanding martial arts.

	—Yeah. Thank you…

	The so-called Murim Alliance's leader and Heavenly Demon were fighting like children. Somehow, that became the king of light novels’ source of inspiration and I had to console the Guardian. Fortunately, this bizarre situation didn’t last long.

	“Achoo! For god’s sake! I’m going to freeze to death!” the Medicine King yelled. “You bastards, stop fighting already! We’re standing right here! Can’t you see us? Tsk, tsk. Tunnel vision is precisely what’s wrong with all you young people! It’s just like when I was young. Exactly the same!”

	The roar of the geezer who left even the Sword Star at a loss for words worked like a charm.

	The Murim Alliance's leader awkwardly scratched the back of his head. “It’s been a while since we had visitors. I guess it’d be rude to keep you out here. “

	The Heavenly Demon cleared her throat. “I’ll take you to my cave.”

	* * *

	Before long, the sky cleared up and I didn’t have to light up the area using Shiny. The zombies couldn’t move in sunlight, allowing us to safely escape the snowfield.

	However, the weak stamina of the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader became a new problem. She was the leader of the Heavenly Demon Cult while the Righteous Faction had him to lead them, which logically meant that they should be the strongest people in this world. The Guardian and the Viper vouched for their skills in their own ways.

	Nevertheless… their stamina was so low that they panted when all we did was walk through the snow for a short while.

	“Would it be okay if I carried you?” I cautiously asked, unable to watch them keep struggling.

	“T-thank you. S-somehow, it’s difficult to use my cultivation art today.”

	I ended up carrying the Heavenly Demon, and the Murim Alliance's leader on the Viper’s back just like before.

	“This is not fair, Death King,” the Viper complained.

	“What?”

	“It should be like this.”

	Since I had carried the Heavenly Demon before, I was now carrying the Murim Alliance's leader. The Viper had the Heavenly Demon on his back this time.

	“Anyone would agree that it should be like this.”

	“Sure…” I didn’t have the energy to argue anymore.

	I walked a little with the Murim Alliance's leader on my back and realized that something felt odd.

	—What’s wrong? The Guardian tilted his head.

	He’s warm.

	—Huh?

	…His body temperature is really high, but the weather is freezing cold right now. I’d freeze to death immediately if I didn’t use my aura… but he’s warm.

	The Guardian and I silently pondered the anomaly. Was he shielding himself using his qi, the aura in this world? But the Guardian couldn’t sense an ounce of qi from this man when he had just been fighting.

	What? Something doesn’t add up.

	We crossed the snowfield without figuring out why it didn’t add up. The Heavenly Demon guided us to a cave not far from the snowfield.

	“This is my shelter.”

	The cave had a big hole in the ceiling through which the light of the setting sun poured down.

	“Wow…” the Chemist gasped. Behind her foggy glasses, her eyes sparkled. “I-it’s a hot spring.”

	A deep pond sat in the floor of the cave, steam rising from its surface—a natural hot spring survived in this bone-aching cold and was warming up the cave. The light coming from above and a hot spring on the ground made for quite the picture.

	“I found this place long ago. I didn’t know I was going to receive visitors from outer murim here though.” The Heavenly Demon smiled pleasantly. “Wash up first. The old man and I will search the cave to see if there is any food left to serve you.”

	“Huh? Do we have something other than grain pills?”

	“That’s why I said we should search the cave, old man. Is your age starting to get to your ears?”

	“You always call me old man, but let’s be clear here. Our age gap isn’t that big!” the Murim Alliance's leader snapped.

	“Do metamorphosis if you have a problem with that.”

	The Heavenly Demon and Murim Alliance's leader bickered as they disappeared further into the cave.

	We stayed by the hot spring and watched them go with a myriad of emotions.

	“I-I’m surprised. They were at each other’s throat until a moment ago…”

	“They said that they’ve been fighting for three years. I guess it’s possible to grow attached to each other as you fight,” the Medicine King grumbled. “By the way, it’s warm and nice here. Please get away from me now, Sect Master. It’s been very embarrassing to hold a man’s hand right after arriving in this world. “

	“Why does the Sword Star hang out with a guy like you?” the Viper asked.

	“Let’s get one thing straight. I hang out with him!”

	“What the heck… Well, the Sword Star isn’t normal either. Fuck. Birds of a feather flock together, I guess.”

	After the conversation, we rested in the hot spring. When we were done with our bath, the two martial artists treated us to their food.

	“I’m sorry that it’s not much.”

	“They’re grain pills. Help yourselves.”

	The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader served us pills. They looked like those clear mind pills[2], but these pills were bigger.

	“We used to occasionally find and hunt animals like wolves, but even they’ve become rare nowadays. I have no idea how the world got to this state.” The Heavenly Demon quietly sighed.

	“Thank you for welcoming us.” I politely received a plate.

	It had been three years since the world had begun its decline, so we were unlikely to find proper food still laying around. The Hunters and I cautiously nibbled on the grain pills.

	“Urgh!”

	The Viper and the Medicine King didn’t hide their grimaces. I almost dropped my poker face too. The pills tasted like old, raw coffee beans. They weren’t exactly food to be enjoyed.

	“Is this all you’ve been eating…?” The Chemist picked up one of the grain pills and examined it from various angles.

	The Heavenly Demon nodded. “Pretty much.”

	“H-how long?”

	The Heavenly Demon looked at the cave wall, where numerous lines had been carved. It looked like the two martial artists had been tallying the days since they first took shelter in this cave.

	“It’s been over two years since these grain pills became our sole source of food.”

	“Two years…” The Chemist groaned and tried hard to understand how they had survived on these pills. “Th-that doesn’t make sense. You can’t consume proper nutrients this way. Without a proper balance of glucides, lipids, proteins, vitamins, and minerals, humans—”

	“Hmm? I don’t know what you’re talking about, but we can bear it.”

	“I can’t bear it!” The Medicine King squawked, springing to his feet. He pulled out items like a portable burner, meat, and seafood from his subspace inventory. “Get out of my way, you goons! Tsk, tsk. This is why you don’t have the energy to cross the snowfield. You young people don’t think about your bodies, just like I didn’t when I was young. Do you have water?”

	“Yeah, we melt the snow or use the water that flows into the cave when the sun has been out for several days…”

	“This is getting crazier by the minute! Seventy percent of the human body is water and yet you drink such crappy water. That’s why your stamina is crappy too. The first step to improving your health is drinking proper water. Tsk, tsk.” The Medicine King lit up his portable burner and opened a bottle of mineral water.

	The Chemist was shocked when she saw the logo on the bottle. “T-this is Bling H2O! This is really expensive…”

	“What? It isn’t expensive at all! I just use it because it makes for okay cooking water. Gosh, I never even touched a bottle from this brand when I was outside the Tower. Tsk, tsk. Seriously, if that wasn’t Marcus…”

	—Zombie, what’s Bling H2O? The Guardian tilted his head in confusion as he watched the sudden start of a cooking show.

	I’m not sure. Maybe it’s something like Evian.

	—What’s Evian? Is that like Sky-Pure Stone Essence?

	What’s Sky-Pure Stone Essence?

	—It’s this very expensive water.[3]

	It’s probably something like that.

* * *

	1. The raw is 여의주. Cintamani is usually a name for a wish-fulfilling jewel/orb/gem. In some cultures, dragons are said to carry these jewels/orbs/gems. ☜

	2. The raw is 청심환. They are Korean traditional medicines often used to calm people. ☜

	3. The raw is 공청석유. It’s an elixir that often shows up in Korean wuxia. There are regions where energy of nature accumulates for a long time and they form into drops of essence. ☜

Chapter 65

The Great War of Good and Evil (4)

	While the Guardian and I bantered, the Medicine King boiled the extra premium mineral water. He set out his frying pan and cutting board before he began to cook. A savory smell filled up the cave.

	The Medicine King was quick with his hands. Oyster soup, white fish filet topped with roasted asparagus, a mix of roasted fish and razor clams sprinkled with parsley, some cream porridge with shellfish and mushroom slices, roasted lamb chops… He had everything served in fifteen minutes.

	“There you go! It’s not much, but eat up. You should eat properly when you’re young. Tsk, tsk…”

	The line of dishes made the Murim Alliance's leader’s eyes widen.

	“B-both the Heavenly Demon woman and I are quite old…” he stammered.

	“Did you also drink an elixir of eternal youth or something? I would have trademarked them if I were still in Silicon Valley! Forget it. You should eat properly even when you’re old! That’s how you endure life,” the Medicine King insisted, and gave the Murim Alliance's leader a bowl of oyster soup. He was like a cursing granny—no, a grandpa from one of those restaurants.[1]

	I also received a bowl of oyster soup. The smell was decent, but it was still oyster soup. I didn’t have high expectations as I took a sip.

	Wow. This is amazing! I instantly thought. Maybe it was just because I ate that poor excuse for food they called a grain pill a minute ago.

	The broth was red, apparently from the vegetables the Medicine King had added to it, and it wasn’t fishy at all. It was a little tangy but also flavorful at the same time. Even a sip of just the broth was very good. The sensation of chewy oysters on my tongue and teeth was incredible. When I bit into them, they released juice which perfectly blended with the broth. It was freaking awesome.

	Even after winning the MA lottery, the limits of my luxury were adding half-and-half java chips, chocolate drizzle, and four shots to my white mocha venti frappuccino. The Medicine King’s dishes were astounding to me. It looked like the Chemist, who was still living in the slum due to her lack of popularity, was experiencing the same surprise. Her eyes were as wide as moons right now.

	“My god. It’s so good… The shrimp is so plump and chewy, and it literally tastes like shrimp… It’s not smelly at all. How can shrimp taste like this? And this mille-feuille for dessert feels like the aristocracy of nuneddine[2]. Not just any aristocracy—it’s at least a marquess. The passion fruit puree adds extra freshness to the frozen yogurt on the bottom… H-how can food taste like this…?”

	The Medicine King stuck his nose into the air. “That’s because the restaurant where I was owner-chef in my fifties earned three Michelin stars! If I had a proper gas stove, I would have been able to fill up your bellies until they burst like balloons.”

	Was the Medicine King actually great? Could he really be a boxing champion? Had he truly worked in Silicon Valley and Wall Street?

	The Viper looked like he was wondering the same thing. He ate a spoonful of the seafood porridge, which I heard was formally known as abalone truffle risotto or something, and then sarcastically asked, “Why did such a remarkable man come to the Tower?”

	“Why? Should a person like me not come to the Tower? Marcus came to the Tower too!” the Medicine King scoffed.

	“You guys knew each other from outside the Tower?”

	“Not really. He’s just an annoying guy who was born into a filthy rich family. I made it on my own in Silicon Valley, so in my eyes, he’s just a lucky bastard. But just because he was a little unlucky in his twilight years, he went nuts and came to the Tower only with a sword…”

	The story that started with a scoff ended with the Medicine King’s voice fading away.

	The Chemist, the Viper, and I all had a somewhat different impression of him now.

	Embarrassed by our gazes, the Medicine King swung his ladle as if he were shooing away a bird. “Just eat your food already!”

	So we resumed eating the amazing food. This was it: the cook of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle expedition team was chosen.

	“It tastes truly divine,” the Heavenly Demon, the protagonist of that very book, complimented. She never stopped moving her spoon. “Are you the cook for the Imperial Family? Hmm, no, this is a little different from the food you usually find in the Central Plains.”

	“That’s what I wanted to say. I’ve eaten many dishes as the leader of the Righteous Faction, but never anything like this,” he exclaimed as he slurped down the cream pasta.

	“Not only are these dishes unique, you all seem abundantly supplied… I’m really starting to wonder where you’re from and why you’re here.”

	“Did people in outer murim find a way to cure the jiangshi disease?”

	The two martial artists’ eyes sparkled. Their excitement was understandable. For them, the Hunters and I were the first humans they had met in years.

	I pitied them a little but shook my head. “No, we’re still searching for the cure.”

	“I see…”

	Their disappointment looked as deep as their excitement.

	“Well, all of the doctors and sages in gangho tried to cure the disease, but no one succeeded.”

	“Those in the Mount Mao Sect were experts in jiangshi, but all of them gave up. I’m sure even outer murim has too…”

	“Are you sure that there’s no cure for disease?” I asked. “I’m not trying to boast, but you two saw our food. We have different knowledge from you, and the Chemist over here is the best doctor and pharmacist there is.”

	The Chemist’s face reddened halfway into a bit of lamb chop.

	“She’s just lucky,” the Medicine King grumbled.

	Well, I felt a bit sorry for him as someone who was enjoying the tasty food he’d made.

	“The man over there is good enough to be the Chemist’s assistant. If you help us a little bit, we’ll be able to find the cure.”

	The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance’s leader looked at each other.

	“I’m not sure if ‘cure” is the right word…”

	“But there is a way…”

	The Chemist’s face brightened. “W-what is it?”

	“…Wait here,” the Heavenly Demon told her.

	After a moment, the Heavenly Demon returned with a big coffin. She opened it to show us the zombie inside.

	Like the time we had talked about the warm body temperature of the Murim Alliance’s leader, the Guardian remained silent, his eyebrows furrowed.

	The zombie was docile, like they usually were under the sunlight. I wasn’t sure if it was the chain wrapped around it or the giant acupuncture needles in every limb, but the zombie didn’t move one bit.

	I looked up. “Who is this…?”

	“He’s the Wudang Sect’s leader,” the Heavenly Demon calmly said. “Right after he got bitten by a jiangshi, he let us have his body so that we could study the disease. But so far, the only way we know to contain a jiangshi is to block every acupoint.”

	She put her hand inside the coffin. Before pulling out the acupuncture needle on the zombie’s neck, she warned us, “Be careful.”

	Immediately, the zombie’s eyes snapped open. The Chemist fell down on her bottom in surprise as the zombie thrashed, its teeth frantically gnashing at the air in an attempt to bite her. The chain kept it safely under control, but she still broke into a cold sweat.

	“As you can see…” The Heavenly Demon put the acupuncture needle back in the zombie’s neck and its eyelids slid down. It looked peaceful, as if it had never run wild. “It’s possible to put a jiangshi to sleep by blocking the acupoint between the brain and the spine. However, that isn’t really a cure. It’s just a temporary measure.”

	No one could say anything.

	“When a jiangshi bites someone, corrupted energy spreads inside them through their meridians and vessels.”

	Corrupted energy. Was she talking about the virus?

	“No amount of time spent in the lotus position or Qi Alignment can eliminate this corrupted energy. My demons used to cultivate demonic energy, and those foolish sages in the Wudang Sect had qi as clear as rivers. But one bite is the end for everyone. Your body starts to burn up and you’ll become a jiangshi before long.”

	The Heavenly Demon slowly closed the coffin.

	“The monk from the Shaolin Temple held out the longest. Even after a jiangshi bit off a chunk of his arm, he maintained his sanity for a year, but he was the exception of exceptions. However exceptional they may be, most people don’t last more than fifteen days.” The Heavenly Demon sighed. “Children from the outer murim, do you really think you can find the cure?”

	The Chemist couldn’t answer. Even the geezer Medicine King had trouble picking his next words. When none of us could answer, the Heavenly Demon smiled bitterly.

	“It’s okay. I used to think that old man and I were the only ones left in this world. That we met other living people is proof that the Queen Mother of the West’s[3] grace is still with us. Feel free to stay here as long as you want.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader nodded. “I’ll make beds for you, so let’s go to sleep for tonight. I feel like there’s a lot to talk about, but we can take care of that tomorrow.”

	The Hunters and I had to end our first day in the apocalyptic book without results.

	* * *

	“Mmmm… I can’t eat anymore…”

	“Marcus, you bastard. Am I supposed to be second place all my life If you leave like this…?”

	The Hunters were deep asleep. Their bedding was arranged around the hot spring, so although it was a little humid, they weren’t cold.

	—Why aren’t you sleeping, Zombie? the Guardian asked.

	I looked up at the hole in the ceiling, which gave me a good view of the night sky.

	There’s something I need to check.

	Instead of pressing me for clarification, the Guardian went quiet. He probably had similar questions and speculations as me. I pulled the blanket up to my face and pretended I was sleeping.

	When the night deepened, I could feel not one but two people approaching me. I kept my eyes shut and breathed as quietly as possible. The two people delicately picked their way around us.

	“…Are they asleep?” one asked, almost inaudible.

	“…It looks like it,” the other whispered.

	“…Then let’s get on with it.”

	“…Yeah, we should finish quickly.”

	The voices of the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader slowly went further away. I soon heard a quiet splash; the two martial artists began to bathe, taking advantage of the Hunters’ sleep.

	Now. I quickly got up and darted through the steam toward the hot spring.

	The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader were leisurely enjoying the hot spring in their soboks[4]. However, their rest was rudely interrupted when I came running out of the steam.

	The Murim Alliance's leader gasped and hastily submerged himself deeper into the hot spring.

	After briefly scanning the two martial artists’ bodies, I realized that my speculations were right.

	“W-what?! I thought you were asleep!” the Murim Alliance's leader sputtered.

	The Heavenly Demon’s eyes narrowed. She seemed to have understood the situation a little quicker than the Righteous Faction leader.

	“…You have sharp eyes, child,” she said with a short sigh. “When did you notice?”

	“I found it strange ever since I first met you two,” I answered. “The weather was really cold, but your clothes were light. One of you was only wearing your training suit, and the other was in just his sobok.”

	It was freezing out there. No one could survive for even a moment if they didn’t use aura, yet the two martial artists in front of me had gone out practically naked.

	“That means you’ve been using your qi to shield yourselves from the cold. In other words, you two are great martial artists who can use your qi proficiently… but your match was like a street fight, and you became tired after a short walk. It didn’t make sense,” I slowly said. “There’s only one reasonable explanation: you two are using all your qi on something else.

	“You said earlier that corrupted energy spreads within your entire body once you’re bitten by a jiangshi.” I looked straight at the Heavenly Demon and the Righteous Faction leader despite the steam. “You two are already bitten, aren’t you? I believe that you two were infected by the jiangshi long ago, but you two are leaders of your faction. You’re using your incredible qi to suppress the corrupted energy. Am I right?”

	After my question, the hot spring was silent until the Heavenly Demon stood up with a quiet splash.

	“D-Demon, you…”

	“Forget it, old man. He already saw us.” The Heavenly Demon shook her head. “You’re right, child. The old man and I were bitten by the jiangshi three years ago.”

	She turned around and showed me her pale back, which had a purple, festering wound.

	The Murim Alliance's leader slowly showed me his nape.

	“But you’re technically wrong about one thing,” he noted. His wound was equally rotten, but everything above his neck was clean. “We aren’t suppressing it. We blocked the acupoint between the brain and the spine to stop the spread.”

	—Fuck. It’s Qi Interference. The Guardian shook his head in disbelief.

	Qi Interference?

	—You know what Sword Telekinesis is, right?

	Yeah, you envelope your sword with your qi and make that fly ar— No way.

	Yes way.

	—Yeah, with the acupoint they blocked, they won’t be able to feel a thing below their neck. They can’t move. In other words, they’re paralyzed, but they’re moving because… they’re using qi to move their entire body like they would with Sword Telekinesis. Their hearts, lungs, joints, waists, ankles, feet… They’re controlling everything using their qi.

	It was everything they needed to live and move. To stop the zombie virus from spreading to their brains through their spines, the two martial artists had closed off all access to their brains.

	I stayed silent.

	—They’re basically using Sword Telekinesis 24/7. Of course they would pant after a couple of steps. They’re crazy…

	“That is how we’re fighting the Great War of Good and Evil,” the Heavenly Demon said as if she were replying to the Guardian.

	“It’s already been three years,” the Murim Alliance's leader added.

* * *

	1. Some restaurant owners in Korea don’t hesitate to curse at their customers. People aren’t offended by that because that reminds them of their grandparents’ rough manner of speech. But it’s becoming harder to find this kind of restaurant because people are becoming more uncomfortable about this kind of restaurant over time. ☜

	2. A Korean snack pastry. ☜

	3. A mother goddess in Chinese mythology. ☜

	4. Hanboks usually worn during funerals, but can also refer to all undyed hanboks worn for ceremonies to show humility. ☜

Chapter 66

The Heavenly Demon (1)

	“Lady Heavenly Demon, it won’t work.”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon, half of the Blood Demon Unit is dead! The elders were spread all over the world, but we already lost contact with them. This is not the time to fight those idiots of the Righteous Faction. The cult might be in danger—no, maybe the entire world is in danger. The people of the Beggar Gang…”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon, as you ordered, we set up clinics in every sect. The head of the Sichuang Tang Sect and experts from the Mount Mao Sect are here too. We’re planning to capture several jiangshi soldiers and experiment on them, so we’ll see results soon…”

	“…Lady Heavenly Demon, the Moonlight and Blood Demon Kings are down. Even if we manage to kill a hundred jiangshi, a thousand more are made the next day. This plague is out of our control! The doctors in the clinics say that it’s possible to put them to sleep if we protect their upper dantian by blocking the Yamen acupoint and the Tianshu acupoint, but…”

	“…Lady Heavenly Demon, seek shelter. Go to a remote island and seclude yourself. Even if there are ten million jiangshi, they won’t be able to cross the ocean. I’m pretty sure that this isn’t the only murim in the world. Anywhere you, our cult’s leader, are will be murim…”

	“…Lady Heavenly Demon, the oath of the great war isn’t important anymore. It was made before this chaos began. The laws of nature have changed, so humans’ duties can no longer be set in stone. Please forget the oath you made with the Murim Alliance's leader and retreat so you can rise again…”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon.”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon.”

	* * *

	The cave was weighed down by a long silence.

	“…How did you endure it?” I eventually asked.

	The world was ending, and all of humanity had become walking corpses. The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader were half-corpses themselves. If their circulation of qi paused for even a moment, their hearts would stop. How could they have endured that for three long years?

	The two martial artists seemed to struggle to find an answer to my question. They exchanged an enigmatic look, and then nodded together.

	“Follow us.”

	The pair exited the cave and I followed. We didn’t talk and walked carefully so as not to wake the others up. The silence hung in the air for a long time.

	Right after we exited the cave, the Heavenly Demon broke the silence.

	“Everyone dies someday.”

	Dawn was coming.

	“There is a funny story told in murim. A peak master had Ten Thousand Poison Immunity and the Indestructible Body. No poison could scourge his innards, and no sword was able to pierce his skin.” The Heavenly Demon’s breath emerged as white puffs in the cold air. “It was no exaggeration to say that he was almost invincible. The world’s most lethal poison couldn’t harm him, nor could the sharpest sword, so it was practically impossible for his enemies to kill him.”

	The dawning sun brought a faint blue back to the sky and cast wan shadows across the earth.

	“But there is one thing that the old tales never tolerate—invincibility.”

	The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader slowly walked through the pale shadows one step after another. It was the humans’ footsteps that distinguished the sky and the earth. The earth was where the footsteps reached, and the sky began where the footsteps didn’t touch.

	“Child.” The Heavenly Demon glanced back at me.

	We were outside the cave and were walking toward the snowfield where we had been surrounded by the zombies yesterday.

	“Can you tell how the master died?”

	“How did he die?” I asked.

	“He died from bedding a Lust Demon.” The Heavenly Demon smirked. “The pleasure from the unification of yin and yang isn’t poison. It’s also far from a sword.”

	“Uhh… But isn’t too much pleasure poisonous?”

	“You’re right. That was why the Lust Demon didn’t drown the master in pleasure from the start. She was skillful and took time to tame him. The pleasure was very faint at first, but he eventually became obsessed and sought more—even the most lethal one.”

	The sun slowly came up and brightened the snowfield, sweeping away the gray until it was white like the Heavenly Demon’s breath.

	“The master no longer perceived the Lust Demon’s slaps during their intercourse as pain. The whip she swung was just another pleasure. The Lust Demon’s every move was just the master’s source of happiness.” The Heavenly Demon held up her hand and stroked her neck. “At the last moment, the Lust Demon lightly—very lightly—choked the master.

	“She didn’t need a supreme understanding of martial arts, nor did she use a profound amount of qi either. It was just her two hands around his neck. As she suffocated him, the master smiled, drenched in pleasure.” The Heavenly Demon giggled. “He died at the peak like the peak master he was. It wasn’t an unhappy death after all.”

	I saw corpses in the snowfield that moved as if they weren’t dead. They stood still under the dawn light, creating a forest of shadows across the snow.

	“The lesson of this story is simple.”

	“Never fool around with a Lust Demon!” the Murim Alliance's leader grumbled. “It isn’t just an old tale, that actually happened. Tsk, tsk! The Sichuang Tang Sect moved heaven and earth to train him, but that wench secretly sent a Lust Demon to assassinate him.”

	“Haha.”

	The zombies were still scattered across the snowfield.

	“Most of the greenhorns that first go out to gangho believe that the goal of martial artists is to be invincible. They learn martial arts so they can be immortal.” The Heavenly Demon approached the zombies and picked up one of them with a grunt. “It’s nonsense.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader also lifted a zombie and moved it.

	“Those who obtained Ten Thousand Poison Immunity are killed by something other than poison. The same goes for the people that have the Indestructible Body. It’s just the sword that can’t kill them, not everything.” The Heavenly Demon heaved the zombie into position. “Do you get it? When people choose which martial arts to learn, they not only decide what kind of martial artist they’ll be but also how they shall die.”

	She moved slowly with the zombie in her arms. Like a delivery man with a heavy package, she kept putting the zombie down after a while, taking a deep breath, and moving again.

	“We know that everyone dies someday, so it can’t bring us sorrow.”

	The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader gathered together the scattered zombies. It looked like the zombies had been moving around last night.

	“…But this isn’t the death we wanted,” the Heavenly Demon quietly lamented.

	It took a long time. Their stamina was poor and there were too many zombies.

	“Assassination is good. Getting poisoned is also good. My enemies forming the Divine Net and attacking me together seems nice. I’m also good with the idiotic monks of the Shaolin Temple catching me off guard. Being betrayed by my loyal subordinates is also fine. Dying in a challenge from a rising star of the new generation is perfect.”

	By the time the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader had put the zombies back in their places, the sun was high in the sky and the snowfield was covered in their footsteps.

	“However, this isn’t a death we can tolerate.” The Heavenly Demon looked at me, panting. “You asked earlier how we endured it? We just want to die on our own terms.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader and the Heavenly Demon lined up hundreds of zombies in orderly ranks, like two about to join battle. It made me remember a conversation I’d had with the other Hunters. When we had arrived in this apocalyptic book and witnessed the zombies for the first time, we had examined the forest of corpses.

	“Although they all died from the same cause, their time of death is all different… The only possible conclusion I can reach right now is someone intentionally moved the corpses here…”

	“Is this some sort of graveyard?”

	“A graveyard, huh? It does look like a terracotta army from afar.”

	The zombies moved around as they pleased at night, but over a thousand zombies were assembled in one spot. It was actually very strange if I thought about it—yes, it wasn’t possible unless someone gathered the zombies here on purpose.

	“Phew…” The Heavenly Demon sighed.

	“Hmm.” The Murim Alliance's leader wiped his forehead off.

	“Not many of them went far today.”

	“The moon was bright yesterday. It isn’t as effective as sunlight, but it still works on them…”

	They were five hundred people from the Heavenly Demon Cult, and another five hundred from the Righteous faction. The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader were bringing their respective forces together.

	It took half a day, but the two people continued to hustle about as if it were a normal part of their daily lives.

	“This is how we’re fighting the Great War of Right and Evil.”

	“It’s already been three years.”

	It snowed, and people were dead. All of the Nine Sects, Five Clans, and One Gang disappeared. All of their martial arts manuals were covered in dust because no one could read them.

	“The Righteous Faction’s murim shall never fall because of mere jiangshi,” the Murim Alliance's leader loudly declared.

	“Nor is the fate of my cult something that corpses can eat away.”

	“If my Righteous Faction should end, it has to be brought down by the Heavenly Demon Cult’s evil hands.”

	“When my cult disappears, it will be under the Righteous Faction’s sword,” the Heavenly Demon chimed in.

	Still, the world wasn’t finished. These two martial artists had to die before that happened. If the last one took their own life in the world where ninety-nine million, nine hundred ninety-nine thousand, nine hundred ninety-nine out of one billion people died from a plague, the cause of the world’s death was suicide, not illness. That was what the leader of the Murim Alliance and heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult believed.

	“I’m Namgung Woon.” The man gave a fist and palm salute. “I’m currently leading the Murim Alliance and hold the title of Grand Patriarch in the Namgung Clan. I also go by the name of Buwolseon.”

	“I’m Soh Baekhyang.” The woman returned the salute. “I lead the Heavenly Demon Cult and also go by the name of Heavenly Demon.”

	It was already past noon—and it had been years since these two were left alone in this world. They had spent the years deciding how their world would die. It was either one of two ways: the Murim Alliance's leader was going to end the Heavenly Demon Cult, or the Heavenly Demon would bring down the Righteous Faction.

	“I challenge you for the 990th time,” the Righteous Faction solemnly informed her.

	“Shall we fight until our death or one of us is no longer able to fight?

	“We shall fight to the death.”

	The Heavenly Demon nodded with a grim expression. “I accept your challenge.”

	The two martial artists ended their salutes and threw themselves at each other, surrounded by five hundred of the Righteous Faction and another five hundred from the Heavenly Demon Cult.

	I still couldn’t understand the martial arts they were using. In my eyes, they were struggling to just stay standing. It was too taxing for them to extend their arms; their footwork was so slow that they wouldn’t be able to catch up to a child; they couldn’t crush a tangerine with their weak grips.

	This declining world of the apocalyptic book from a declining genre was dying over 990 days.

	“It…” I blurted out as I watched their duel from afar. “It shouldn’t be like this.”

	It didn’t feel right in my heart.

	“It’s unfair.”

	The Guardian remained silent.

	An intense battle was being waged in the snowfield. These martial artists should have demonstrated their brilliant martial arts skills in a fight to become the strongest person in murim, but now they were only capable of fighting like children. Eventually, they lost their balance and tumbled into the snow. She grabbed his mustache, and he pulled out her hair.

	“To your eyes, Mr. Sword Emperor, it might seem like a really great battle. Yeah, I’m just a beginner in the sword, but even if that children’s fight contains the essence of the greatest martial arts principles…”

	The sun began to set as the afternoon slipped away. The Murim Alliance's leader and the Heavenly Demon didn’t stop fighting even for once until evening came.

	“This is an insult,” I murmured.

	The two martial artists failed to reach an end to their match. They were strong enough to survive in a dying world after the outbreak of an untreatable plague, but not strong enough to take each other’s lives.

	“It’s not fair to them.”

	The world was cruel because one couldn’t choose how they were born. How, then, was the world where one couldn’t die as they wanted to? That meant that there would be no proper conclusion in the world, and the lives in it would be cut short.

	—What are you going to do? the Guardian quietly asked. Are you going to kill the Heavenly Demon and Murim Alliance's leader on their behalf? Well, I guess that can be a mercy in a way. I would certainly do that for them, but we shouldn’t forget that we’re just outsiders here.

	“I know.”

	The two martial artists weren’t hoping to commit suicide. If they had to die, they hoped that it would be at each other’s hands. It wasn’t a plague that was going to bring down the Heavenly Demon Cult and the Righteous Faction—they were going to bring destruction to each of their factions. That was the proper ending to their lives that they could accept.

	Even if I crashed into the fight and killed both of them, that wasn’t a good ending or a merciful gift. It was just a child scribbling on a fairy tale book.

	“I’m going to conclude this world in my own way.”

	—What is your way?

	I didn’t answer the Guardian’s question.

	The evening was almost over; dusk had come.

	“I-it’s already evening, old man,” the Heavenly Demon panted.

	“Maybe because it’s winter… Huff. The day ends very quickly…”

	“I’ll end you tomorrow, whatever it takes.”

	“I could say the same thing…” the Murim Alliance's leader grumbled between labored breaths.

	The Great War of Good and Evil entered a ceasefire for the 990th time. The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader returned to the cave looking more tired than yesterday.

	“Where have you been?” the Viper asked.

	The other Hunters were waiting for us. While the Viper was standing guard at the cave’s entrance, the Chemist and the Medicine King were hunched over the zombie—the leader of the Wudang Sect that had surprised us yesterday—busy studying it.

	“We were looking at the patient,” the Chemist told me. “It was too hectic yesterday…”

	“Did you make any progress?”

	The Medicine King and the Chemist looked at each other. The Medicine King clicked his tongue. “Not yet.”

	“Yeah… I-it’s our first time dealing with a virus like this,” the Chemist agreed.

	I’d figured.

	The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader walked away to get some rest.

	When they got far enough, I turned my head. “Miss Chemist.”

	“Yes?”

	“Please be honest with me. How many days, roughly, would it take to make a cure?”

	“Oh, uhm… Uhh…” The Chemist hesitated before she answered, “If I’m really honest… it’ll take at least a hundred twenty days.”

	“It may take three times longer than that. You’re supposed to schedule enough time for this kind of task because it always takes longer than the schedule,” the Medicine King grumbled.

	The Chemist’s head drooped. “…Yes, he’s right. That’s the worst-case scenario, though…”

	“So it’s one hundred days at minimum and three hundred days at the longest. Did I understand that correctly?”

	“Umm…” The Chemist’s head drooped lower. “I-it might be impossible to create the cure at all. We barely have any facilities or equipment, and the environment isn’t helpful either. I can’t guarantee anything at this point. I’m sorry, Mr. Death King… You brought me here because you trust me… but it’s impossible to create the cure within our time frame.”

	I remembered what the Indoor Librarian had said before sending us into the apocalyptic book.

	“Once you open your eyes, you’ll find yourselves in the world ten days before the serialization of the Heavenly Demon Chronicle unfortunately discontinues.”

	“I hope you’ll show me a great ending.”

	In other words, the world would meet its true end after ten days, although I didn’t know what exactly was going to happen. It would kill the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader after all of their struggles to survive. Those ten days were what the Chemist meant by our time frame.

	“I’m really sorry…”

	I shook my head. “No, that’s good enough.”

	“W-what?”

	“Don’t worry.” I slowly stroked the handle of the sword hung on my belt. “I’ll take care of the time issue. Please don’t give up—continue with your research. Do you remember what I told you when we first arrived in this world?”

	“But this is a world, not a book. And we’re here to save it. You know that, right?”

	“…I-I remember. Of course I do, Mr. Death King…” The Chemist nodded cautiously.

	I nodded back. “I’ll tell you what I said to you yesterday. The time, the fact that we won’t be able to escape from this world forever if we don’t clear the stage… Please don’t think about any of that. I’ll do my best, so please show me your best too.”

	“Don’t think about anything else…”

	“Yes—I promise you, I’ll take care of everything else,” I told the future leader of the Alchemist Office. “Please trust me and continue your research.”

Chapter 67

The Heavenly Demon (2)

	“…If it weren’t for you, I would have lost all my equipment and been left wandering in the slum… I honestly can’t imagine how that would have gone.”

	The Chemist closed her eyes. After a moment, she slowly opened them, revealing a sharpness in her gaze behind the glasses.

	“Yes, I want to repay what you did for me. I won’t think about anything else but making the cure… But I’m really not aware of my surroundings when I’m occupied with my work. I probably won’t keep my manners. Still…”

	“It doesn’t matter.” I nodded. “Do whatever it takes to bring out your best.”

	This wasn’t the time to worry about manners. I needed the future leader of the Alchemist Office.

	“…Okay.” The Chemist adjusted her glasses and then turned to look at the Medicine King. “Sir.”

	“Huh? What is it?”

	“I’ll need your full assistance from now on.”

	The Medicine King scowled, his deep wrinkles reflecting his stubbornness. “Assistance? Assistaaaaance? You insolent girl, there is a proper order for everything! How dare a greenhorn like you ask the Medicine king to assist you—”

	“Open my Skill Cards,” the Chemist quietly said.

	“…What?”

	One golden card and three silver cards floated above the Chemist’s palm. An ordinary Hunter would kill to have one Skill, but she had four of them. On top of that, all of them were above Class B.

	The Medicine King’s eyes widened. “W-what? Are you trying to show off your Skills? Tsk, tsk. Young people nowadays think Skills can solve everything. Your true ability—”

	“You can see them,” the Chemist said.

	“What?”

	“You can see what my Skills are.”

	For a moment, the Medicine King was too perplexed to answer. For Hunters, Skills were their ace in the hole. They should never be discovered by others until the last moment. Revealing their Skills equaled exposing all of their strengths and weaknesses at the same time. In summary, the Chemist was making a very foolish move.

	However, the Chemist flipped the cards anyway and showed them to the Medicine King.”Or do you want me to show them myself? This one is the Mobile Hospital. It can conduct any test in real-time, from blood tests to EEGs, and I can even store and retrieve medical herbs at will—but there is a two percent chance of misdiagnosis. This one is Life Analysis. It tells me a patient’s condition down to the genetic level. I use these Skills together to minimize the chance of misdiagnosis—”

	“Now, wait, wait, wait!” The Medicine King finally pulled himself together. “Why are you showing me your Skills? Aren’t you worried that I might tell the Alchemist Office or the partners in my shop?”

	“It’s okay. I promised I wouldn’t worry about the trivial things,” the Chemist said. “If you want to tell others, do it, but I want your full assistance until I make the cure.”

	“Why would you go this far…?”

	“Because I need you to speed up development even if it’s just by a day.”

	The Medicine King stared.

	“I’m an eyesore to you, aren’t I?” The Chemist looked him in the eyes. Her eyes weren’t just distant, they were cold. She often floundered before, but her face now was completely expressionless. “You’re angry that a young girl like me doesn’t know her place but keeps shoving better results at your face. You’re annoyed that someone like me has a gift. But I have a lot more years to live than you and I’ll be respected a lot longer than you are. That makes you mad, right?”

	The human voice was often compared to a bird’s, but I was certain that the Chemist’s voice could not be imitated by any animal. If I had to pick one… yes, her voice reminded me of the fire ant’s sizzling chattering.

	“If you give me your full assistance this time…” The Chemist adjusted her glasses. “…you can have all of the potion recipes I’ve ever made. I won’t tell anyone they’re mine. Take them, and use them. Tell people that you invented the recipes—”

	At that moment, the Medicine King slapped her on the cheek, knocking her glasses clean off of her face. The Chemist silently picked up her glasses and wiped them on her sleeve before putting them back on. After that, she looked at the Medicine King in silence.

	The Medicine King trembled with anger. “Shame on you…”

	“I’ll analyze the zombie virus.”

	“You’ll see that there is always a bigger fish.”

	“Please follow my instructions.” The Chemist’s voice was monotonous.

	“The day will come when your pride will be broken and rancid.”

	“I’ll write down my instructions first and give them to you.”

	“Someday, you will also… meet a person who is better skilled than you are.” The Medicine King gritted his teeth.

	He and the Chemist spoke at the same time.

	“Then please find what I need and bring them to me, sir.”

	And then the two Hunters fell silent. The Chemist sat on the left and the Medicine King on the right, with the corpse of the Wudang Sect’s leader between them. When the Chemist mumbled something, the Medicine King wrote it down. The air grew still; the two Hunters looked more like objects from a still life than people from a portrait. The only words they spoke were related to their work.

	“Mr. Death King, I’m sorry, but please leave,” the Chemist requested as she pressed her scalpel against the corpse’s head. “I find the sound of your breathing disturbing. Very, very disturbing.”

	“Grab six more zombies on your way out.” The Medicine King peered into the dark inside of the corpse’s mouth. With a tweezer, he pinched the zombie’s purple and black tongue. “We need more samples. Children, adults, and seniors. Get one of each gender—and when I tell you I need herbs, go get it.”

	I nodded. “Leave it to me.”

	From that day forward, we were in a state of war. Eating was a waste of time, and bathing was a luxury. Even with an open hot spring right by their side, the Chemist and the Medicine King didn’t bathe. Day and night, the two Hunters studied the zombie as they nibbled on grain pills.

	“Hmm… The air in here is drastically different.” The Heavenly Demon looked at the Hunters, confused. “Are you trying to gain enlightenment? You all are still young, but very eager.”

	“Are you not going to cook any more clam soup or the dish you called doripal[1] risotto or something?” The Murim Alliance's leader furtively nudged the Medicine King. “The Imperial Chef would have cried if he witnessed your skills. If the world was still in order, I would have appointed you as the head chef of the Great Namgung Clan.”

	“I’m busy. Get lost.” The Medicine King didn’t even look up. He stuck his hand into his subspace inventory and pulled out a water bottle, which he tossed to the Murim Alliance's leader. “If you’re hungry, drink up. It’ll still fill your belly somewhat.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader caught the Bling H2O, smacking his lips. He looked disappointed that he wouldn’t be able to taste the Medicine King’s cooking. Still, he readily emptied the water bottle.

	“Old man, don’t bother them. They’re busy.” The Heavenly Demon gestured at him. “Let’s go.”

	“Alright, alright. My body hasn’t been cooperating with me lately,” the Murim Alliance's leader grumbled. “I wonder how far the jiangshi have gotten today…”

	“Even if they tried, they can’t go a thousand meters in one night. Stop complaining and get out here.”

	“Alright.” The Murim Alliance's leader continued to grumble as he left the cave with the Heavenly Demon.

	Like they had done yesterday, they were going to gather the zombies for the 991st day of the Great War of Good and Evil.

	Another day passed, meaning that we were another day closer to the end of the world. Time ticked away, a countdown to the world’s demise. The world was nothing but a music box waiting for its springs to run out of energy.

	Exactly one week after we had arrived in the apocalyptic book, the Heavenly Demon looked up at the cave’s ceiling. “Hmmm… I guess I won’t be able to go outside today.”

	A blizzard was raging outside the cave. The snowy wind blew in all directions, blurring the distinction between the sky and the earth. Looking at the dark, featureless world of snow, I realized for the first time that white could be dark.

	“Well, there are days like this.” The Heavenly Demon shrugged as if it were no big deal. “We’ve actually been lucky that the sky has been sunny for the past few days. The blizzard lasted more than thirty days one time. There wasn’t a single trace of sunlight, so we couldn’t move a step.”

	“Then the jiangshi will keep moving,” I said. “Are you okay with that? If they go too far, you won’t be able to retrieve them.”

	“Then it is what it is. We lose them.” The Heavenly Demon sighed. “Three years ago, my cult had almost a thousand members, and the old man brought a similar number of the Righteous Faction’s goons. But as the years went by, some of the jiangshi went so far away that we couldn’t retrieve them.”

	Several corpses of the Heavenly Demon’s and the Murim Alliance's leader’s subordinates would go missing—no, be lost during every blizzard.

	“That must scare you the most,” I remarked.

	“Hmm?”

	“You wake up and go out into the field, but a jiangshi is nowhere to be found.”

	The Heavenly Demon stared at me for a moment. “Do you think I have fear?”

	The woman’s eyes were black. Her hair, her martial arts training suit… Everything black about her seemed to be a desperate attempt to resist the endless white snow.

	“Yes, I think you do,” I answered.

	“The world has indeed changed a lot. Someone who talked to me like that wouldn’t get to keep their head on their shoulders. You should be glad that the world is what it is right now, child.”

	“You and the Murim Alliance's leader are martial arts masters. The depth of your mastery in martial arts is so deep that I would be disrespecting you if I compared myself to you two.” I silently turned and looked at the Murim Alliance's leader, who was sleeping by the hot spring. “But no matter how skilled you are, your qi isn’t infinite.”

	“What are you trying to say?” The Heavenly Demon frowned.

	“When will your qi run out?”

	Her face darkened.

	“You’re blocking the acupoint between your brain and spine, which means that you do everything with your qi: your heartbeats, your breathing, and every other movement.”

	The Guardian had said that it was the same as using Sword Telekinesis all the time.

	I shook my head. “No amount of qi can help you keep doing that forever. I’ll ask you again. When will you run out of qi?”

	The woman had said some time ago, “Everyone dies someday.”

	Her words had a weight to them, the kind that spoke of wisdom. The only way for humans to learn wisdom was to go through it themselves.

	“…Really.” The Heavenly Demon groaned. “You’re a perceptive one.”

	“You only have a few days left, right?”

	“…I take it back. You’re too damn perceptive, child.”

	How was the Heavenly Demon Chronicle, this world, going to end? It was a surprisingly simple question if I thought about it.

	“Once your qi is depleted, it will be impossible for the two of you to move,” I speculated.

	“You’re right.” The Heavenly Demon looked up at the sky. From the cave’s open ceiling, we could see the blizzard raging like the sky had vomited.

	“Our qi will stop circulating in one body part after another. The parts that our qi don’t reach will rot. First, our toes and fingers will no longer be under our control; next will be our calves and wrists; and then it’s our knees, shoulders, and waists.”

	Every part of their body would become necrotic, like a building slowly breaking down piece by piece after the power ran out. At some point, the two wouldn’t be able to move at all.

	“Our hearts and lungs.” The woman pressed her finger against the breast of her ragged suit before touching the top of her head. “And our upper dantians. Everything but these three parts will rot. No, our qi leaves them to rot.”

	“…You already know what’s going to happen.” I shut my eyes.

	“The Shaolin Temple’s monk held out with us for a year.” The Heavenly Demon smiled bitterly. “As if he had to prove he was a monk, he passed away in the lotus position. In his last moment, he didn’t look much different from a jiangshi except for his face. Every other body part was blackened because they were all rotting… His last word was just, ‘Amitabha’.

	“You asked earlier if I am afraid. Yes, I am afraid.”

	The human voice was often compared to a bird’s, but I could guarantee that no animal could imitate the Heavenly Demon’s voice.

	“I’m scared,” she whispered, soft as a falling petal. “I fear the day my qi and life force will wither away. Blizzards and the lack of sunlight scare me. When I go out at dawn, I’m afraid that my subordinates, or rather the creatures that were once my subordinates, might have gone missing. With every breath I take, I wonder how many more I have. Each heartbeat makes me question how many more beats I will feel.”

	The Heavenly Demon sighed in lamentation. “I am afraid that I won’t be able to kill the old man and that he might not be able to kill me. The day may come when the old man and I are unable to move in our beds, and it scares me that we would just have to wait for our qi to dry up.”

	It would be a meaningless death. Their struggle to the end would be equally meaningless. When they died and disappeared, they would just leave behind a colorless landscape painting, marked by nothing but the snow.

	This was the ending that the Heavenly Demon Chronicle, this world, would meet.

	“The world is truly filled with terrors.”

	Another day passed, marking the Hunter expedition team’s eighth day after falling into the apocalyptic book. That also meant two days were left until the world ended.

	“Demon,” the Murim Alliance's leader mumbled in his bed. “I can’t move anymore.”

	He was laughing and crying at the same time.

	“I’m sorry.”

	His whisper signaled that their world was coming to an end.

* * *

	1. It sounds like he misheard truffle. ☜

Chapter 68

The Heavenly Demon (3)

	The Chemist examined the Murim Alliance's leader. Her expression slowly hardened throughout the examination. She was like a doctor who knew that there was no hope for the patient but was continuing her examination only to say that it wasn’t treatable.

	“I’m sorry,” the Chemist said. “There’s nothing I can do about your current condition.”

	The Heavenly Demon silently looked down at the Murim Alliance's leader. Perhaps she didn’t have any hope anyway. She had a blank expression as she opened her mouth.

	“Stand up.”

	“I’m sorry.”

	“That isn’t what I want to hear. Stand up, Buwolseon, leader of the Murim Alliance.”

	The Heavenly Demon breathed quietly. It seemed like poison spilled out of her lips every time she opened her mouth.

	“You made a pact with me. You said that you would challenge the Heavenly Demon Cult’s rule and rebuild the Righteous Faction’s murim. You even united the Nine Sects, the Beggar Gang, and the Five Prestigious Clans to fight against me. After all you’ve done, you can’t die in your bed. You can’t do this.”

	“I’m sorry.”

	“Stand up.” The scent of poison around the Heavenly Demon grew stronger. “Stand up and grab your weapon. You don’t need your stupid ax. A wooden sword, a whip, a cane, or a stick. Anything will be fine. Grab it and fight me.”

	“I’m sorry.”

	“I told you to stand up.”

	“Demon.” The Murim Alliance's leader sighed; he looked like he’d aged a decade in one night. “I’m sorry I’m weaker than you. I tried to hold out for as long as possible, even if it was for only one more day, but it’s too hard now. You must have noticed that I was already using my vital force. My qi is all gone and now my vital force as well. You might be able to hold out for another year, but… this is it for me.”

	The cave fell silent.

	“I’m weaker than you,” the Murim Alliance's leader muttered again. “Please kill me.”

	The Heavenly Demon’s face twisted.

	“I don’t want to become like that Shaolin abbot. Please kill me before my body rots and falls apart. If I become a jiangshi, neither my eyes nor my life will be mine, so—”

	The scent of poison rolled off of the Heavenly Demon in suffocatingly thick waves.

	“So you want me to kill you on your deathbed? Is that what you’re saying now?”

	Her qi made itself known as tongues of black fire; it smelled of ash and cinder—the smell of the life this small woman had been suffering through. It, too, was thick with venom.

	“Is this how you’re going to end the great war you promised me?” she demanded, her body radiating death. “You should have gathered everyone from my cult and the Righteous Faction and ordered them to commit mass suicide long ago. Why did you endure it all this time? What glory did you seek that made you insist on living until now?”

	The Murim Alliance's leader couldn’t answer. His tears drew streaks across his cheeks.

	“I—”

	“Namgung Woon. You were born with the Divine Martial Body, so you were both praised and envied by many martial artists from a young age. At the age of twenty, you reached the zenith, and you became the head of the Namgung Clan before you were even thirties.

	“When the Heavenly Demon Cult dominated murim, you were elected as the leader of the Righteous Faction. The essence of the Righteous Faction’s values and grudge of all those on the Righteous Path are with you. Yet despite all that, you offer me your head?”

	The Heavenly Demon rose.

	“Alright, I’ll kill you. But you won’t die peacefully.”

	She disappeared into the cave. Even when she was gone, the air was choked with the acrid stench of fire. The Chemist and the Medicine King were unfamiliar with aura, so they looked particularly pained.

	A moment later, the Heavenly Demon returned with an ax in her hand. “Old man, here is the Jade Ax you cherish. I’m sure you haven’t forgotten it already.”

	“Soh Baekhyang…”

	“Say it.” The Heavenly Demon raised the ax. “Murim has forgotten its code of honor, and the code of honor has been lost in murim. Say it. Then I’ll kill you like you wish.”

	Saying it would mean the end of the Righteous Faction’s murim. In other words, the heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult was telling the Murim Alliance's leader to acknowledge the fall. Only then would she take his life by cutting off his head using his cherished weapon.

	“Say it.”

	“…”

	“Say it already!”

	The Murim Alliance's leader’s lip twitched. He opened his mouth and bared his teeth, but his tongue was still. His mouth opened several times, but his tongue remained lost.

	“I can’t.” The Murim Alliance's leader’s voice was hoarse. “I can’t… I can’t say it…”

	Again, tears flowed down his cheeks, washing his old, wrinkled skin in another layer of tears. It was difficult to distinguish the tears from his skin, as if his flesh was made from tears and he wept with every fiber of his body.

	“I can’t say it… I’m sorry. I’m really sorry, Baekhyang…”

	The Heavenly Demon swung the ax, and yet didn’t cut the Murim Alliance's leader’s head. Instead, she struck the ground right next to his head. The solid rock floor of the cave cracked as easily as if it was made out of tofu. She had difficulty lifting a stick, so I could only imagine how much qi she had used to cleave the rock.

	“You said that your life would no longer be yours once you become a jiangshi,” the Heavenly Demon muttered. “It doesn’t matter. Your death won’t be yours anyway. What is the difference between a life and a death that isn’t yours? I can’t tell the difference. It’s meaningless. It’s all meaningless…” She turned her back on him. “The world has no meaning.”

	Namgung Woon, the leader of the Murim Alliance and the Righteous Faction, died at dawn the next day. His cause of death was illness.

	* * *

	Ten days had passed since I fell into the world of the apocalyptic book, meaning that the day this world would end had arrived.

	“…We received a precious sample,” the Chemist said. “There’s a limit to analyzing the virus with patients who had already turned into zombies two or three years ago. Thanks to this sample, we were able to observe the progression of the viral infection in real-time. This is huge progress.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader’s body was lying still in front of the Chemist, tightly bound in metal chains.

	“It seems that you don’t become a zombie right away when you die… You awaken as a zombie after a little while. I believe it takes time for the virus to spread throughout the brain.”

	“I’ve compiled the research so far.” The Medicine King handed me a file, clicking his tongue. “This girl may have a gift for medicine, but she certainly has no talent for explaining. None. Tsk, tsk. This is the problem with people who are full of themselves…”

	“I tried my best,” the Chemist said, ignoring the Medicine King’s criticism, “but it was impossible to develop a cure.”

	“Was it due to a lack of time?” I asked.

	“Yes. We need at least ninety days. One hundred twenty if possible…”

	The chains clashed and creaked. We all turned and saw the Murim Alliance's leader’s corpse thrashing.

	We stared at the Murim Alliance's leader for a while in silence—or rather, we looked at what used to be him. It kept throwing around its limbs with its mouth gnashing at the air.

	The Heavenly Demon approached. Her footsteps were quiet.

	She was a woman of darkness. Her hair, her training suit, and her eyes were all black. She even carried a sword that was darker than her shadow.

	“…Pathetic.” The Heavenly Demon looked down at the corpse. “The past couldn’t have been more meaningless.”

	We instinctively backed away from her. The venom about her was even stronger than yesterday; her qi not only rose, it entirely enveloped her now.

	“In the end, this is what humans are under the mask. We’re no different from animals. We eat over and over until we can’t move, only to disappear. Murim forgot its code of honor, and the code of honor has been lost in murim.” The Heavenly Demon held out her left hand. “Eat.”

	The zombie, the Murim Alliance's leader, bit her hand like an animal. Her flesh was torn, and her bones were crushed. Even as her blood spurted out, she watched with an indifferent gaze.

	“H-hey.” The Viper took a step closer, taken aback. “W-what are you doing? You might end up becoming a zombie too…!”

	“Don’t go near her.” I grabbed the Viper’s shoulder.

	“What?”

	“It’s already over.”

	“It’s over? What are—”

	We heard a wet explosion. The viscous sound made us jerk. We slowly turned our heads. The Heavenly Demon was standing with her left hand in tatters, and the Murim Alliance's leader’s body was missing its head.

	She had created a qi explosion inside its mouth, obliterating the head.

	“Ha.”

	We could say nothing.

	“Hah. Haha… hahaha. Hahaha! Ha! Ha. Hahahahahaha!”

	It was the laughter of true madness. It filled the cave and haunted the sky. The snowstorm was still raging outside the cave, eating away the rest of the world, but her laughter reduced it to background noise.

	—Zombie, be careful, the Guardian said quietly. That’s Qi Deviation.

	The Heavenly Demon turned and smiled at me charmingly, but when she spoke her voice was odd.

	“Ha.”

	I had goosebumps running down my back.

	“You all must be the Righteous Path followers who came to assassinate me.” Her eyes were on us, but it wasn’t us whom she was talking to. “Good. Come at me. Let us cross blades.”

	“Everyone, run!” I shouted.

	At the same time, the Heavenly Demon swung her sword.

	The Medicine King’s blood fountained into the air. His death was instant—he couldn’t even scream as his head was precisely removed from his neck. The Viper watched his fellow Hunter collapse right in front of him and belatedly drew his sword.

	“The fuck…!”

	I couldn’t even see her sword move. No, I didn’t even understand how it happened. The Heavenly Demon swung her sword and the Medicine King’s neck was cut off without a moment’s gap.

	—This is crazy. The Guardian groaned. She’s surpassed the level of a demon. It’s probably because she’s pouring out all her qi and vital force—right now, she’s in the realm of Life and Death, even if it’s only temporary. Even if I were to return to life at my prime and fight her, I would lose at least four out of ten fights.

	This was the Heavenly Demon before she was weakened from a jiangshi bite. She was the strongest martial artist in this world.

	“You abbot of the Shaolin Temple, do you really think you could stop me with such cheap tricks? The same goes for you, you sage of the Wudang Sect. Do you believe you can handle the karma of my cult?”

	The Heavenly Demon approached one slow step at a time.

	“Mount Song is swamped with the world’s overflowing resentment. The burning rage ignited Mount Wudang. The Heavenly Demon Cult is the heaven of the martial arts world, and I am the heaven of my cult. Are you truly qualified to discuss the sky above the sky?”

	“Damn it!” The Viper raised his sword and charged. “Death King! Take the Chemist and run!”

	I was already on it. It was impossible to escape, but I was going to keep running until the end anyway. I wasn’t going to sit on my butt and accept this ending and this death as if it were fate.

	“You Righteous Path minions aren’t going to cut it!” The Heavenly Demon’s laughter chased us. “Namgung Woon!”

	We heard swords clash once, twice, and three times.

	“Where is Namgung Woon!?”

	And the sound of swords stopped; the Viper had died after enduring three of the Heavenly Demon’s attacks.

	“Call the Grand Patriarch of the Namgung Clan! Bring me the Murim Alliance's leader! No matter how dense the forests are or how vast the sky is in murim, only one person in this world can take on my sword! You, from the Sima Clan! Get Namgung Woon in front of me immediately!”

	Her laughter was persistent. Every step I ran, the laughter traveled ten steps. I was no match for it. When the laughter finally caught up to me, the Chemist looked up to me and said, “Mr. Death King, I still believe in you.”

	And then something pierced through both of us. The world tilted. I lost my lower body and fell into the snow with only my upper body. We were in the snowfield and out of the cave.

	The Chemist was a little further away. The area where she fell was particularly red. In a stupor, I thought to myself that it was like shaved ice with strawberry syrup drizzled on it.

	“Ahaha. Hah. Haha!”

	It was snowing.

	“Hahahahaha! Ha, hahahahaha…”

	When it snowed, the earth and sky were indistinguishable. The world was painted entirely in shades of cool, pale white.

	Someone was moving away from us, leaving footprints in the snowfield. If they had persevered, their footprints would have divided the earth and sky would have seemed divided. However, the endless snowstorm buried those, too.

	The snowstorm left behind no sound, trace, or smell. The world that had burned its people was going to be buried with them. Once all the ashes of the world were buried, only the colorless, odorless, and soundless snowstorm would remain. The snowfield, eternal.

	The world reached its end.

	[You have died.]

	But that was its end. Its end wasn’t mine.

	[Rewinding twenty four hours.]

	Let’s save your world, I thought.

Chapter 69

The World Where the Stars Died (1)

	On one winter day, Soh Baekhyang followed her mother through the snow. It was a cloudy day, and in snowfall like this, people were reduced to blurry shadows. In her eyes, her mother was a blurred silhouette as well.

	Soh Baekhyang spoke up. “Mom!”

	She suddenly became afraid due to how loud the snowstorm was. It drowned out her voice.

	“Mom!”

	She could see that her mother’s figure was still far away and grew anxious. She had to walk faster to catch up with her mother. However, the more she walked, the more out of breath she became, and the smaller her voice was.

	What should she do? Should she stop shouting and walk faster? Or should she stop walking and shout with all she had? How could she catch up with her mother? The young Heavenly Demon didn’t know. While she was searching for an answer, her mother’s shadow got a little further.

	“Mom!” In the end, Soh Baekhyang stopped. “Mom!”

	When she stopped walking, she could shout louder. She realized that moving had been draining her voice until now.

	She thought that her mother would now turn and look at her, and that her shadow would become more distinct. Instead, the shadow somehow got further away while Soh Baekhyang had been shouting. Her mother’s shadow was soon buried in the snowstorm and became part of the snowfield.

	Did her mother use the snow as an excuse to abandon her? Or did her mother actually lose her? Soh Baekhyang didn’t—and couldn’t—know.

	* * *

	[You have died.]

	After a moment, I opened my eyes and found myself in a world of endless darkness. This was my hell.

	[It has been determined that your death met the requirement for the Skill’s activation.]

	[Duplicating Soh Baekhyang’s Skills at random.]

	[Creating Skill Cards.]

	Cards floated in front of me, but I wasn’t interested right now. I let out a heavy breath. Mr. Sword Emperor, did you memorize the file?

	—Somewhat. The Guardian scratched the back of his head.

	The file was more important. It was the compilation of the Chemist’s and the Medicine King’s desperate research. Due to the Heavenly Demon’s Qi Deviation and the hell she wreaked, I didn’t get the time to calmly memorize the file.

	—If we combine what you and I memorized, we’ll be able to get a rough picture of the puzzle. We have to go back quickly before we forget…

	Okay. I nodded. Then let’s first choose the Skill quickly.

	—Hmm. The Guardian moved in the air to look at the back of the cards. He recited quite a few Skills. One of the Heavenly Demon’s Skills caught our eye.

	Demonic Heaven Arts

	Class: A+

	Effect: The Heavenly Demon Cult curses the laws of nature. Instead of stopping at loathing, they created a cult and formed doctrines of their own. The Demonic Heaven Art contains the essence of the doctrines.

	Those who learn the Demonic Heaven Art can tear apart the heavens and crush Mount Tai! However, they must fully comprehend the hatred and curses contained in the forms of the arts. The greater their hatred of the world, the less the heavens will hold sway over them.

	The one who masters the Demonic Heaven Arts will soon overthrow the heavens, becoming the Heavenly Demon.

	※However, it becomes difficult to maintain your rationality when using the Demonic Heaven Arts.

	It was an incredibly grandiose, arrogant name, but I couldn’t deny that it was appropriate.

	…This is the martial arts we saw earlier, right? I asked the Guardian.

	The Heavenly Demon was just that powerful. She had just swung her sword from afar, and the Medicine King’s head had fallen off. The Viper had died after three attacks. Even though I had been confident that I was quite well trained after defeating the Demon King of Autumn Rain, I couldn’t even track the trajectory of the Heavenly Demon’s sword. It was truly a heavenly move.

	—It’s typical demonic martial arts. The Guardian frowned. In the end, whether it’s martial arts or formations, it’s all a matter of how you approach the world.

	Approach the world? I asked.

	—Yeah. If you try to embrace the world, you generally belong to the Righteous Faction. Those in a demonic cult tend to rage against it. That’s why the Righteous Faction martial artists make their bodies vessels to accept the world while those in a demonic cult turn themselves into claws to hurt the world…

	The Guardian unfolded his arms.

	—I’ll give you a very simple example. In some sects, a downward slash is called a Tiger Strike because it embodies the spirit of a lunging tiger.

	The Guardian got into a stance and swung his arms.

	I flinched. It was only for a moment, but it really felt like a savage beast was lunging at me. Although I sometimes forgot because of how pathetic he acted, the Guardian was the Sword Emperor. He was a warrior who had almost conquered the tower through the strength of his sword alone.

	—Well, it doesn’t matter if it’s a tiger or an ox. The basic forms vary greatly depending on what kind of enlightenment the creator of the martial arts had. Anyway, the important part is to imitate them, even if just a little.

	To imitate and thereby make something of the world mine—that was what the Guardian meant by embracing the world.

	—But the demonic martial arts are different. The Guardian got into the same form as earlier. There are these things a demonic cult says when they teach their disciples their forms.

	The Guardian stepped forward.

	—“Recall how angry you were when a thief stabbed you in the stomach.”

	Space was slit. I involuntarily took a step back, but that was because of the Guardian’s face. I could only see unfathomably cold anger in his eyes. It was like he was a completely different person.

	—“Remember the moment a magistrate of your homeland took away your younger sister. Don’t forget how weak you were. You couldn’t do anything but wait in front of the government office all night. Recall the look on your younger sister’s face when she returned at dawn as a cold corpse.”

	The Guardian performed a sword dance. Even though he wasn’t holding a sword, I felt like I could see it in his hand for some reason. His sword was as dark as the world we were standing in.

	—“Think about when you buried your younger sister’s body by yourself. Was it winter? Wasn’t the ground frozen so hard that you couldn’t dig? Did you have to claw your way into the frozen ground? Didn’t your fingernails break and bleed?”

	—“But you still couldn’t get far; you had to lay your sister’s body in a shallow, scrappy hole. Did you place her feet first before you piled cold dirt on top of her? You couldn’t bear to cover your sister’s face until the end. Did you also have to sprinkle dirt on her face one handful at a time?”

	It was suffocating. As the Guardian’s sword dance continued, this infinite world seemed to shrink down little by little. I even felt a little dizzy. Even though the Guardian was just moving his hands and arms, his resentment made my skin sting.

	—“Remember the feeling of that dirt in your hands. Seize the sword like the earth of your sister’s grave. Wield the sword as you think about the moment you sprinkled the dirt on your sister’s face. Lament how powerless you are, and hate how cruel the world is.”

	I shut my eyes and mumbled, Claw the world…

	—Yes.

	When the Guardian lowered his arms, the suffocating feeling finally went away.

	—It’s part of their mind art in using their qi—a method of motivating themselves to push past their limits. Regardless of whether you’re a martial artist or a Hunter, the outcome of a fight will depend on how well you use qi or aura. Simply put, it’s a battle of energy. The demonic martial arts users tend to release thicker energy. The Guardian shrugged as if it wasn’t that big of a deal. Anyway, you don’t need to learn it, Zombie.

	I quietly looked at the silver-colored Skill Card.

	—You actually don’t need to learn any other martial arts. Who am I? I’m the Sword Emperor! You’re looking at the best martial artist in the universe. You may not know this, but you’re already slowly learning my exquisite martial arts! Compared to mine, the Demonic Heaven whatever is just trash—

	I want to learn it, I blurted.

	—… Huh? The Guardian blinked.

	I’m going to learn this Demonic Heaven Arts.

	—Uh, uh… uh… The Guardian just blinked over and over. It took about three seconds for him to regain his ability to speak. Why?

	Because I want to.

	— Compared to my martial arts, this is trash! the Guardian raged. Zombie, did the Heavenly whosit’s sword show get to your head? Ah, shit. I’m gonna go crazy. The only reason it was that good was because she burned all her vital force to enter the realm of Life and Death! It’s called doping—life force doping! Zombie, a martial artist should not get high on life force doping!

	I chuckled. Are you upset that I’m trying to learn martial arts from someone other than you?

	—Whaaaaaaat?

	Don’t worry. Of course I know your martial arts are the best in the universe, Mr. Sword Emperor. I’m not trying to learn the Demonic Heaven Arts because I don’t know that.

	—Hmm… The Guardian’s nose twitched.

	It seemed that he felt better after I talked him up a little. This ghost was really easy to handle.

	—Yes, I’m the strongest… but then, why are you trying to learn the cult’s Demonic Heaven Arts?

	I want to clear this stage perfectly.

	In other words, I was going to bring this world to the right ending.
