	Let’s say the cure is made. Only the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader can be saved. The other people have been dead for over two years… There’s no way they would come back to life just because they’re treated. Right?

	—You’re right. The Guardian’s brows furrowed.

	Then how would it all end? The Murim Alliance's leader and the Heavenly Demon become the new Adam and Eve of this brand new world? Mr. Sword Emperor, does that seem like a good ending to you?

	The Guardian looked like he had eaten a bug. He’d probably just pictured the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader as a married couple.

	— No, that’s not right… Seriously, that’s awful. I cannot see the two of them becoming a lovey-dovey couple. It makes me sick…

	Right?

	I looked in front of me.

	[Choose a Skill Card.]

	The cards whirled wildly around me. However, I had already set my eye on one card and lost it.

	Creating a cure is only the first step to creating a good ending. A great ending really depends on whether the characters in the story are satisfied… I extended my arm and snatched the card. I want to give them a perfectly satisfying ending.

	[You have chosen a Skill Card.]

	[Copying the Skill.]

	It wasn’t over, of course.

	[Your Hunter Class is D.]

	[Initiating your Skill penalty.]

	I had to cross the Heavenly Demon’s nightmare and brave the grudges in her heart.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	[The penalty’s intensity level is intermediate.]

	[The penalty’s theme is the Preta Realm.]

	Still, it wasn’t the first hell I’d crossed, and it wouldn’t be the last. I was pretty sure I would get a chance to revisit the hells I’d been to.

	* * *

	After returning to yesterday, I committed suicide eight more times to return to the expedition team’s first day in the apocalyptic book.

	“…It’s cold!” the Viper cried, just like the last time.

	Facing the cold seeping into their bones, the Chemist and the Medicine King instinctively wrapped their arms around themselves.

	The snowstorm whistled and hissed. The Chemist had already started sneezing.

	“Achoo! W-why is it so cold? Isn’t this murim?”

	“It’s like the Siberian plain…”

	We were back in the snowfield I’d become familiar with over the last ten days. However, the other team members panicked.

	I took the Chemist’s hand without saying anything.

	“Ah.” The Chemist bowed slightly. “T-thank you, Mr. Death King.”

	A memory from not too long ago flashed across my mind.

	“I still believe in you.”

	The memory of the Chemist’s upper body discarded on the scarlet-tinted snow made me feel a little nauseous, but I didn’t let it show.

	“It’s nothing,” I quietly told her. “Sect Master, please take care of the Medicine King.”

	“Okay!” the Viper answered.

	I led the group this time.

	“I saw a glimpse of someone’s shadow over there just now,” I told them.

	The snowstorm soon subsided and unveiled a forest of shadows—no, corpses.

	The Viper was bewildered. “…What are these? Why are all of them frozen?”

	“They look like zombies.” I touched the corpse’s face.

	“Huh? Zombies?”

	“Yeah, look at this.” I pointed to a zombie’s teeth. “Their teeth are crusted with some kind of flesh. It’s possible that people here don’t have the habit of brushing their teeth after eating, but this is a bit too much. Which means they bit something, like an animal…”

	My assertions made the Chemist lean in seriously. She looked inside the corpse’s mouth. “…It’s true. The DNA of the corpse and the flesh in the mouth don’t match. They’re two different people.”

	“I-isn’t it possible that they ate human flesh?” the Medicine King asked, disgusted. “You know, people used to perform cannibalism. I don’t think they’re necessarily zombies…”

	“The date of death doesn't add up that way.” The Chemist adjusted her glasses. “The corpse died about three years ago while the flesh is two years from today. That’s impossible unless the corpse was alive for one more year. It’s hard to imagine, but… yes, I think it’s a creature like a zombie, like Mr. Death King said.”

	“I-I hate those monsters from horror movies! Do something about it!”

	“Um… Sir, there’s nothing I can help you with there…” The Chemist awkwardly scratched her cheek.

	Okay. I nodded.

	The expedition team understood the situation much faster than last time. They wouldn’t panic even when the zombies started to move. Humans reacted completely differently depending on whether or not they could anticipate the outcome. Above all, the research compiled for the past few days was stored in my head.

	“Miss Chemist and Mr. Medicine King.”

	“Yes?”

	“Huh?”

	“I have an interesting Skill, although I can’t tell you what that is. According to the analysis from my Skill…”

	I explained the research part by part. My memory wasn’t perfect, so I wasn’t able to memorize the entire file, but when the Heavenly Demon had killed me, I had gone back a day, giving me time to recite the file again. The Guardian had also helped.

	After hearing my explanation, the Chemist was deep in thought. “…Amazing. The research methodology is perfect. I can’t find any flaws. It’s just like I did the research myself… but the terminology is completely different from mine. Anyhow, it’s really, really amazing. You have an incredible Skill, Mr. Death King.”

	The Chemist looked at me with admiration, but from my perspective, she was praising herself. I guess that the Chemist considers herself to be a “really, really amazing” person. Wasn’t her confidence the amazing thing in this bleak world? That was what I thought, at least.

	“Hmm. This is good—it’ll speed up the research,” the Medicine King mused. He didn’t think too much about the whole situation. “Anyway, I want to get away from the zombies. Ugh. It would be nice if there was somewhere warm to stay…”

	“…Hahahaha!”

	Out of nowhere, we heard someone laugh. I couldn’t tell who it was the last time, but not this time. The laughter came from an old man who was the Namgung Clan’s Grand Patriarch and also the Murim Alliance's leader.

	“The Heavenly Demon Cult’s rule ends today!”

	“Hah! Even a dog would laugh at that.”

	Naturally, I could also hear the Heavenly Demon’s voice. I walked toward them, making as little noise as possible as I trudged through the snow. The closer I got, the more vividly I remembered the moment the Heavenly Demon had confessed how she truly felt.

	“I’m afraid.”

	“As long as I am here, the Heavenly Demon Cult will remain the absolute ruler of murim.”

	“The world is truly filled with terrors.”

	“Buwolseon, it’s time for you to say goodbye to your meaningless dream of building the Righteous Faction’s murim.”

	“Where is Namgung Woon! Call of the Grand Patriarch of the Namgung Clan! Bring me the Murim Alliance's leader!”

	That woman was the strongest in this world, and that was why she survived until the very end. In the most tragic way possible, she was the last person standing.

	Right now, she was still wearing her confident smile and taking the world head-on. She stood in the snow like a single dot on a blank sheet of paper. "For an old man, you certainly know how to talk. You aren't strong enough to kill them, and my Blood Demons are on a secret mission, so they're away right now… Hmm?"

	I just hoped that the dot would become a line.

	“You are…?” The Heavenly Demon’s eyes widened in disbelief as she beheld me walking toward her.

	It was an understandable reaction. The Hunters and I were the first living people she had seen in years.

	“Oh… Oh, am I seeing things right now? It moves like a living person…”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon.” I arrived in front of her and slowly kneeled, flattening the cold snow beneath me.

	“Huh?”

	I didn’t know how long it would take, but I was prepared.

	“I came far from outer murim after hearing of your greatness. I have deeply admired you for a long time. You are the greatest martial artist of all time!” I shouted. “Please accept me as your disciple, Lady Heavenly Demon!”

	The Heavenly Demon stared at me, mouth agape, as if she had seen a ghost.

Chapter 70

The World Where Stars Died (2)

	It’s cold, Soh Baekhyang thought.

	While she lay buried in the white snow, the world was colorless, odorless, and soundless. She realized that the world was just a cold, blank sheet of paper.

	It’s cold…

	It felt cold in her flesh, bones, and blood.

	My stomach hurts, she thought. Mom? My insides are filled with ice, Mom. It’s so cold here.

	As her mind wandered on and on, her organs gradually froze. The cold soon reached her head where her thoughts were.

	How long had it been since her mother had left her behind in this world of endless cold?

	“…Oh.”

	The silence was broken.

	“Strange. How very strange.”

	Then, the smells returned.

	“It’s been ten days since it snowed here, and the snow is over five chis[1] deep. How are you still breathing?”

	Finally, the world regained its color.

	The young Soh Baekhyang looked at an old man standing over her. He had dug through the snowfield, creating noises. When he had grabbed her wrist, his scent had wafted toward her. The eyes the old man peered at her with were black.

	“You aren’t ordinary, child. You survived ten days in the cold by eating snow.”

	The old man was a master martial artist from the demonic cult.

	“You were born with the Icesnow Body. The world’s cold is your qi. You possess the Ultimate Yin Body that I’ve only heard about in books! Child, what is your name?”

	Soh Baekhyang opened her mouth. “I don’t know.”

	She couldn’t remember her name.

	“How old are you?”

	“I don’t know.”

	“How did you end up buried in the snow?”

	“I don’t know.”

	The old man kept asking questions, but she couldn’t remember anything. It was all cold and frozen. Her thoughts were frozen, freezing her mind where the memories were. The cold got to her heart and turned everything inside into hard ice.

	“You poor thing. You’re young, but you already lost yourself in trance…” the old man bemoaned. “However, you have the perfect vessel for learning martial arts. If the princess of the North Sea Palace saw you, she would pay a fortune to take you. How lucky! But I wonder what kind of luck it would be. Are you lucky to be in the demonic cult? Or will the cult be lucky to have you? It’s very difficult for me to judge because of my old age.”

	Soh Baek-hyang could barely understand what the old man was saying. His words were too difficult.

	The old man patted her head. “Will you come with me, child? I’ll feed you and give you a place to sleep.”

	That was something she could understand. Soh Baekhyang slowly nodded.

	“You have no scent nor name,” the old man said. “Even your birthplace is unclear. It must be because you’re born from the snow and have the scent of snow. I’ll give you my last name, and I will call you Baekhyang.[2]”

	The scent of snow.

	“From now on, you’re Soh Baekhyang, a follower of the demonic cult.”

	After staying silent for a moment, Soh Baekhyang asked, “Where will I go?”

	“It’s a place where children like you gather.” The old martial artist smiled.

	* * *

	We left the snowfield and were now at the hot spring cave, the shelter of this world’s last survivors. The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader had been surprised to see other survivors, but they gladly welcomed us as guests.

	“…Nonsense!” the Heavenly Demon said. “I never had a single direct disciple in my life. No matter how much a mess the world has become, my rules haven’t changed. My direct disciple? Ridiculous!”

	Unfortunately, their welcome ended at hospitality. It seemed like she had no intention of accepting me as her direct disciple.

	“Hey, Demon. Why are you being so petty?” The Murim Alliance's leader sat beside her chewing on a grain pill. “I think it’s commendable that the children from the outer murim survived. He even traveled across this harsh gangho to learn from you, so he deserves extra praise. Do you really need to be so strict like you were before?”

	“Yes, he deserved praise.” The Heavenly Demon snorted. “Still, the rules for becoming master and disciple should be strict! My cult doesn’t take in just anybody. Only those children who were abandoned by their parents and the world can join the cult.”

	“Tsk, tsk. They always call me and my faction geezers, but they’re even more picky than us when it comes to taking in followers.” The Murim Alliance's leader shook his head. “That’s what she says, child. Since it turned out like this, why don’t you just leave that crude cult wench alone and take me as your teacher? My name is Namgung Woon. I’m the Grand Patriarch of the Great Namgung Clan and leader of the Righteous Faction. If you become my disciple, I’ll shower you with grace—”

	“Why can’t you accept me as your disciple, Lady Heavenly Demon?” I asked, ignoring the Murim Alliance's leader.

	“Why…?” the Murim Alliance's leader shouted, shocked. “Is my name not known in outer murim…?”

	I pitied him a little, but I had to leave him alone for the time being.

	The Heavenly Demon frowned. “I just told you. Only the children abandoned by the world can join the cult.”

	“The world has changed,” I said. “Because of the mysterious plague, people turned into jiangshi. All of the sects and clans in murim have crumbled. Whether we like it or not, the world has abandoned humans, which means we’ve all been abandoned by the world. Haven’t I already met the conditions for joining your cult?”

	The Heavenly Demon pursed her lip—probably because I was right. Above all else… I was a Hunter and an orphan who had abandoned the outside world and entered the Tower. It was a bit embarrassing to say that the world had abandoned me, but I could happily say that I had abandoned the world. That would more than satisfy the Heavenly Demon’s conditions.

	“…Alright.” The Heavenly Demon stood up. “If you’re so confident, show me the Three Aspects Sword Arts.”

	She stared down at me. “I’ll personally decide whether or not you’re worthy of receiving my cult’s teachings. I’m pretty sure you’re just all talk, though.”

	I also stood up. “Thank you for giving me a chance.”

	I exhaled deeply and drew my holy sword.

	The sound of my sword leaving its sheath echoed through the wide cave. The Heavenly Demon and the others were watching me, quietly waiting for me to demonstrate some kind of swordplay. Of course, I had no intention of performing the Three Aspects Sword Arts.

	[Activating the Skill Demonic Heaven Arts.]

	I had acquired the Skill for this moment.

	When the Skill was activated, I could envision countless movements in my head, each an exquisite and intricate trajectory. However, watching a road in front of me and driving on that road were two different matters. I hadn’t fully comprehended the Demonic Heaven Arts yet, so if I tried to use it right now, I would end up tripping over my own feet.

	If I’m going to be broken, I should do it right.

	Therefore, I reached for all the traumas I had watched so far. As I climbed the Tower, I heard screams which always stayed as raw and vivid as if I were hearing them right now. I pictured them one by one and dyed my heart with the screams in my mind.

	I began to swing my sword as the arts told me.

	“Save me.”

	“Save me, please… I’m so hungry… Food… Please give me food… Anything…”

	I remembered the voices of the children who had been trapped and tortured in the basement of a mansion.

	“I don’t want to die.”

	The children had been chained, so when the mansion had caught fire, they couldn’t escape. The fire was right before their eyes, but their only choice was to burn.

	“I still wanted to play a little longer…”

	I held the children’s screams in my heart as I swung my sword.

	“D-Demon! That swordplay…”

	I could faintly hear the Murim Alliance's leader panicking nearby, but I ignored it. What I needed to hold in my heart right now wasn’t his voice. I slowly swung my sword one stroke at a time, remembering what I had to recall.

	“Burn it!”

	“Burn down the witch’s nest!”

	I remembered Preta, who tried to save the sick from the outskirts of a certain continent.

	“Why…?”

	“All of you are human.”

	Her eyes had oozed black fluid as she had watched the small village burn to the ground. In the paradise she had built, humans had burned and been burned. The sight had been etched into her eyes.

	“Why would you call them monsters? Did you burn them because they were? They also knew the beauty of life and how to shed tears. Was it not enough? Is that why you called them monsters and burned them without a second thought?”

	“Are you the only ones who are humans?”

	I held Preta’s scream in my heart.

	I moved my sword faster and faster, performing the forms of the Demonic Heaven Arts I had gained by dying. The traumas implanted in me through my deaths became my drive. I sometimes felt like I would lose my way on the road, but I drew up my aura each time to continue the forms.

	—Look at you, you little rascal… the Guardian murmured.

	He had said that the demonic martial arts were made to claw at the world. However, I began to think a little differently as I practiced the Demonic Heaven Arts. It was closer to a scream or a cry, rather than a claw.

	—Wow.

	My sword continued on and on until it finally became a dance.

	—Now that I look at you, you would’ve definitely joined a demonic cult if you were born in murim.

	My sword dance wasn’t beautiful at all. It was crude and clumsy. It didn’t smell anything like flowers, it gave off the smell of fire. If swordplay was a person, my swordplay would be screaming from the burn.

	The principle of yin and yang may be marvelous, but the world born from it only held sorrow. Even though the lines of the Four Books and Three Classics contained insightful wisdom, they couldn’t end a single scream.

	A swordplay that contained the world’s sorrow was sharper than the sword that moved based on the principle of yin and yang. A swing that followed a single scream was stronger than a swordplay based on exquisite principles. The deeper the sorrow and the louder the scream, the stronger the sword would become. That was why we were strong.

	The survival of the strongest was the Heavenly Demon Cult’s doctrine.

	“Say it.”

	“Murim forgot its code of honor, and its code of honor has been lost in murim.”

	“Say it. Then I’ll kill you as you wish.”

	The Heavenly Demon was the highest heaven of her cult. She knew all about her followers’ screams, and knew how to release them through her sword. Each movement of her sword would scream at the world as proof that people cried out somewhere in this world.

	“The world has no meaning.”

	“These last decades couldn’t have been more meaningless.”

	Even the highest heaven, the Heavenly Demon, had screamed at the last moment.

	“Hahaha! Ha! Ha. Hahahahahaha!”

	She had gone mad and burst into laughter. Holding her laughter in my heart, I swung my sword.

	“…Stop.”

	I continued.

	“Stop it.”

	I kept going with my sword.

	“I told you to stop!”

	My sword stopped. Not because I stopped, but because the Heavenly Demon was blocking my sword using a wooden stick that rippled with dark qi.

	“You… How do you know my cult’s ultimate arts?” Her pitch black eyes bored into me. “You can’t fool my eyes! Your forms were messy and crude, but you were unmistakably using the Demonic Heaven Arts. Only demons can learn the arts, but I’ve never seen you before. Speak. How do you know it!”

	Only then did I realize that I was more out of breath than I had thought. I was soaked in sweat, and the holy sword felt as heavy as a rock in my right hand. I looked around and saw the Murim Alliance's leader and the Hunters watching me with bated breaths. From the hole in the cave’s ceiling, I could see the starlight pouring down. Perhaps it had been much longer than I had thought.

	I opened my mouth with difficulty. “Am I… Am I qualified? Am I qualified to be your disciple, Lady Heavenly Demon?”

	The Heavenly Demon was silent for a long moment. Eventually, she turned and walked deep into the cave. It was obviously a rejection, so no one even considered following her. If I had just a little more energy, I might have gone after her…

	“M-Mr. Death King?”

	My legs gave out.

	“Mr. Death King! Are you okay, Mr. Death King?”

	My mind hazy, I thought to myself that I had used too much aura at once. I would probably be out all night once I lost consciousness. I tried to smile reassuringly at the Chemist, but even that was difficult. The world around me already felt dark.

	—Tsk, tsk.

	Just before I passed out, I heard the Guardian’s voice.

	—Of course you’re half dead when you use martial arts way above your level, little sparrow. This is why I always say that people need to be solid with the basics first.

	The Guardian sighed.

	—But, well… you weren’t too bad, kid. You did well.

	And then I fainted.

* * *

	1. A traditional Chinese unit of measurement. About 1/3m. ☜

	2. The raw is 백향(白香). 白 means snow white. 香 means scent. ☜

Chapter 71

The World Where the Stars Died (3)

	In her eleventh winter, Soh Baekhyang entered the demonic cult.

	“No one will force you to do anything, Baekhyang.”

	The old man brought her to the demonic cult’s headquarters. It was like heaven. She was served food morning and night even if she did nothing. A warm bed was provided, and there was no magistrate who whipped people.

	“Eat, sleep, or play when you want to. Baekhyang, just live however you like.”

	Soh Baekhyang couldn’t believe her ears. Perhaps this was the paradise she had heard of in the legends.

	“The adults here are all kind!”

	The children of her age smiled heartily.

	“They don’t make us do anything.”

	“Are they going to make us slaves?”

	“Idiot! It’s been a year since I came here but nothing like that happened.”

	There were many, many other orphans in paradise—over two thousand at least. More children entered the cult every day. One day during a certain famine, dozens of children arrived on the same day. Soh Baekhyang couldn’t believe how many orphans there were in this world.

	“…How did you guys get here?”

	The children stared at her in silence for a moment. And then they all spoke at once.

	“They said that the harvest was so bad!”

	“My mom worked in a brothel…”

	“I don’t want to talk about it. Why should I tell you?”

	“Thieves with knives went around the village at night!”

	“The villagers suddenly got sick.”

	“I ran away because they kept beating me.”

	Hunger, work, illegitimate birth, thieves, plagues, abuse… Poison flowed out every time the children opened their mouths. It made Soh Baekhyang dizzy.

	The poison that had been distilled by hunger was bitter. The stinging poison was from the grudge that started from demeaning work. An illegitimate child carried sharp poison. The thieves’ stabbing left behind cold poison. The plagues created nasty poison. The poison brewed from abuse and beatings was rotten.

	“Are you…” Soh Baekhyang cautiously asked.

	Why was the world filled with all sorts of poison? All of the bitterness, pain, sharpness, coldness, nastiness, and rottenness of the world seemed to have gathered here. Then what was this place? There was no way this place could be a paradise.

	“Are you guys happy now? Do you feel okay?”

	Soh Baekhyang thought about the story about the jar of gu poison. A toad, a viper, a poisonous spider, a centipede, a fire ant, a wasp… All kinds of poisonous creatures were put into the jar and sealed. The poisonous snake would bite the toad, who had already devoured the poisonous spider. The poisonous insects would eat each other, over and over, until only one survived. All of that was to create one extreme poison.

	“Yes!”

	The children beamed.

	“I can eat every day.”

	“I don’t have to fill in for Mom.”

	“I’m always okay.”

	“Yes. There are no thieves here.”

	“The doctor treats me when I’m sick.”

	“No one hits me, so it’s good.”

	A toad, a viper, a poisonous spider, a centipede, a fire ant, and a wasp. The children of her age laughed, but they just looked like poisonous creatures in her eyes. Yes, this place wasn’t a paradise. It was just a jar to refine gu poison.

	Soh Baekhyang quietly placed her hand on her chest. It was cold and couldn’t be warmed by the porridge she had in the morning, the soup she had in the evening, or a thick blanket. Unmeltable ice was embedded in the center of her chest, where her heart was.

	In her heart, her mother was leaving and it was snowing. Her mother didn’t stop, so the snow kept on falling.

	From that day onward, Soh Baekhyang didn’t hang out with her peers.

	“Eat when you want to.”

	Every morning and evening, she ate less of the provided food.

	“Sleep when you want to.”

	She went to bed early and woke up even earlier.

	“Play when you want to.”

	While the children were running around the hill playing, neutralizing their poison with their laughter, Soh Baekhyang didn’t hang out with them.

	The children talked among themselves.

	“Baekhyang is strange…”

	“She always plays with farmers all of the time!”

	“She’s weird.”

	“Yeah, she doesn’t even eat—on purpose.”

	“Why does she hang out with the farmers?”

	“I don’t know.”

	Soh Baekhyang ignored them.

	“Just live however you want to live.”

	After some time, the old man who had brought her here came to visit her. It had been quite a long time since then, but the old master martial artist of the demonic cult looked no different than he had on that winter day.

	“It’s been a long time, Baekhyang.”

	“Yes, it has been.” Baekhyang nodded.

	“I came because I have a question.” The old man tapped the ground with his cane. “I heard that you don’t play with your peers.”

	“Yes.”

	“You also help the farmers so you can grow and harvest your own food.”

	“I do.”

	“All of your clothes and your blankets are also made by you.”

	“Yes, I made them.”

	“Why?” The old man tilted his head. “This is a paradise where the adults will farm and pick fruits for you. It isn’t extravagant, but you can live in abundance. And you’re just a child, so why do you volunteer to work?”

	“Mister Mo, who used to farm at the foot of the mountain, lost two daughters to a magistrate.”

	“Hmm?”

	“Mister Choi works in the orchard, but he and his second son were called to build the castle walls. The work killed his second son. He felt like that was wrong, so he reported it to the government office. But his first son ended up dead after the questioning. After burying his two sons in his hometown, he and his wife joined this place.”

	One by one, Soh Baekhyang told him all of the stories she had heard. All of the farmers who brought their crops to the orphans were victims of the world’s cruelty. None of their stories was fair—not a single one.

	After reciting all of the farmers’ stories, Soh Baekhyang said, “This isn’t a paradise. They don’t feed and clothe us for free because they’re fools.”

	“Then why do you think you can eat and sleep for free?” the old man asked.

	“They want me and the children to take revenge for them. They’ll never forgive the magistrates and local governors who ruined their lives without reason, but they don’t have the power,” Soh Baekhyang said. “I heard that you have to practice martial arts from a very young age to flourish in the field. Those farmers who feed and clothe us are already too old and don’t have the potential to become great martial artists anymore. But they can farm for the children who can.

	“We aren’t eating and sleeping for free. We’re here to take revenge on the world on their behalf.”

	From the beginning, this paradise had always been the demonic cult’s headquarters, and that had never changed.

	After a long silence, the old man said, “Baekhyang.”

	“Yes.”

	“Do you have something to say to the world?”

	Soh Baekhyang nodded. “I do.”

	The cold. The snowstorm on that winter day. The mother who had crossed the snowfield and made her child follow her. The mother who had hurried her steps despite hearing her child’s cries. The child who was left behind. The coldness in her heart. The hunger. The child who had been born in a brothel. The child who had lost his family to thieves. The child whose home vanished in a plague. The child who was abused and beaten. Their poison.

	“There are a lot of things I have to say. A lot.”

	The world was vast, and Soh Baekhyang had a million things to say to the world.

	The old man closed his eyes. “Is that so?… I guess you would.”

	It was quiet.

	“Then the world will have to listen to you.” The old man opened his eyes. “I am the Demonic Buddha, one of the cult’s Seven Elders.”

	“Is there a Buddha in hell?”

	“If there isn’t one in hell, what use would a Buddha be?”

	Even though Soh Baekhyang called this place hell, the old man didn’t scold her. He actually responded as if that was the truth. Only then did Soh Baekhyang realize that her answer was right.

	“Baekhyang, you’ve passed the cult’s inner entrance trial. Your poison hasn’t been nullified even with the abundant food and comfortable bed, so your poison will undoubtedly be clear. Call me Teacher. I’ll be your teacher from now on.”

	Teacher.

	“From now on, your sword will howl in place of countless people’s screams.” The old man held up his cane and placed it on the young Heavenly Demon’s shoulder. “Give me your Nine Bows, my disciple.”

	On that day, Soh Baekhyang officially entered the cult at the age of thirteen.

	* * *

	“Get up.”

	A whisper woke me up early at dawn. When I opened my eyes, the Heavenly Demon’s face was right in front of mine.

	“Get up already.”

	She stared down at me. She was so close that I could clearly see her eyelashes opening and closing like black curtains whenever she blinked.

	“Uhm, Lady Heavenly Demon.” My mouth felt dry, maybe because I had just woken up. “If you stay there, I can’t get up even if I want to. I might hit your head.”

	“Hmm. Judging from how you wag your tongue smooth like silk as soon as you wake up, I guess you’re fine.” The Heavenly Demon straightened. “Go into the hot spring and take a bath. Cleanse your body and mind.”

	“Pardon?”

	“I’ll wait at the entrance of the cave.” The Heavenly Demon quickly turned around and walked away.

	Before I could say anything, the Heavenly Demon’s small figure disappeared. All that was left in the cave were me, who was standing blankly, and the deeply asleep Hunters.

	It looked like they had spent all night studying the virus. Tools were scattered around the Chemist and the Medicine King. The Viper’s arms were crossed, and he was smiling from ear to ear as if he was having a good dream.

	What kind of dream could they have that made them sleep so soundly? I opened up their character windows.

	State of mind: Yes, I'm right. Why in the world do I have to explain something this easy? You won't understand even if I did. Anyway, since I'm right, just do as I say. Gosh, I’m seriously going to go crazy. You foolish water fleas… N-no, people, that isn’t what I was trying to say… If you have a brain—no, give it a little more thought. You should be able to figure out something this simple right away, so why can't you understand it? I-I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry…

	State of mind: This is my 100th victory against you, Marcus… I've also won my 999999th victory over that little Chemist girl or whatever she’s called. Is there truly no one who can stop my rampage? I, Shawn McCallister, became the last man standing in the saddest way…

	State of mind: Mwahahahehehehe! Bwahahahahahehehehehehe!

	I shouldn't wake them up, I thought.

	I had an especially strong feeling that I shouldn’t go anywhere near the Viper, to whom the third character window belonged. I quietly washed myself and left the cave. Shiny and the Guardian made no sound the whole time.

	The white sky, softly lit by the rising sun and laced by the winds, watched over us.

	* * *

	I found the Heavenly Demon standing in the middle of the endless snow. She scanned me from head to toe, arms crossed.

	“Did you scrub every last corner?”

	“Yes. I cleaned myself to the heart, so I feel very clean.”

	“I hate smooth talkers.” The Heavenly Demon’s brows furrowed. “And you’re a very smooth one. Your tongue is like a snake. A cunning one. I see more of a conman in you than a promising young man, so I’m worried. ”

	“Huh?”

	Was I? I never really felt like I had any talent for talking, but even the Black Witch, the Rank 2 Hunter, would always comment that I was a smooth talker. Had I been born with a talent that I wasn’t aware of?

	As I let myself lose in such thoughts, the Heavenly Demon’s frown deepened even more, as if something was upsetting her even more, so I pulled up her character window.

	State of mind: His tongue is sly, but his face is truly naive. He’d make a perfect leader of the Xia Wu Sect[1].

	What was the Xia Wu Sect?

	“Follow me.” The Heavenly Demon gestured at me.

	I followed her through the snowfield.

	While we crossed the snowfield, she said, “You have to pass numerous trials to be part of the demonic cult. Although you’ve proven your qualifications, that doesn’t mean you’ve passed all of the trials. The first trial of my cult is—”

	“It’s the Trial of Comfort, yes?”

	I might have been mistaken, but it looked like the Heavenly Demon had lost her balance for a moment.

	“The cult provides food, clothes, and shelter for free to those in the trial. The children who settle there are called the outer family and are raised as farmers, craftsmen, and messengers,” I continued.

	They were in charge of the cult’s mundane affairs.

	“But if they pass the Trial of Comfort, their role changes. They’re recognized as the disciples of the inner family. Only then do they officially become part of the cult. They’re the only ones who get to learn the demonic martial arts. At that time, they say that they have finally entered the demonic cult.”

	“…How do you know that?” the Heavenly Demon asked in disbelief.

	I couldn’t say that she had killed me last time and that I had seen her trauma. Therefore, I just smiled. “I know a lot of things.”

	“Ahhhh. The heavens are truly heartless! They brought you, a Xia-Wu-looking bum, at the end of my fate. Am I really supposed to accept you as my disciple?” She sighed.

	—Yeah, you really are like those bums from the Xia Wu Sect, Zombie! The Guardian stood beside her and nodded. I guess the Heavenly Demon has to have a good eye for people.

	What are you talking about…?

	—If you were really a bum, I wouldn’t give a damn about you. But when you do something, you somehow insist on trying to do it right, so it’s hard to ignore you. That’s why you’re the worst!

	Was that a compliment or an insult? It was better to assume it was a compliment when it was unclear. In this dreary generation, compliments became rare, so at least I should interpret other people’s words with a kind heart.

	That still applied even if the words were from a ghost who was always eccentric and pessimistic like the Guardian.

	—This is exactly why I’m calling you a bum, you zomsparrow!

	I really had no idea what he was saying.

	“…This will do,” the Heavenly Demon murmured.

	She led me to a huge pit. The floor was as dark as midnight because the light of dawn couldn’t reach into its depths.

	“Rejoice.” The Heavenly Demon turned around and looked at me. “I shall accept you as my direct disciple. The Heavenly Demon Cult is the heaven of murim, and heaven doesn’t reject a follower as long as you are qualified.”

	“Ah! Then—”

	“However, I can’t officially accept you as my disciple yet.”

	“Eh. Lady Heavenly Demon, that’s unfair! I came all the way from outer murim to become your disciple, and I’ve also shown you that I’m qualified. But now you’re telling me that I’m not good enough to officially become your disciple? What is this!?”

	“…First of all, I find all of your claims very suspicious.” The Heavenly Demon stared at me. “I question whether you actually came from the outer murim. I’m not sure if your admiration is real. Based on my intuition, it all feels like a lie… but your nature doesn’t seem too evil, so I haven’t done anything to you.”

	Why was this martial artist so perceptive?

	“Honestly, it’s odd because you also seem kind by nature. Yes, you’re truly strange. It’s hard to tell right now whether you’re lucky to meet me or vice versa.”

	“…What is the trial?”

	The Heavenly Demon pointed to the bottom of the pit. “I’ve thrown a jiangshi soldier down there. He used to be a promising member of my cult and a Peak-Tier master quite renowned in gangho. Defeat that jiangshi. Then I’ll accept you as my disciple. But…” She crossed her arms. “…feel hunger while you fight.”

	“What?”

	“I meant that literally. Fight the jiangshi soldier, but you should only feel hunger and the pain of hunger. No other emotions or thoughts should be on your mind,” the Heavenly Demon intoned. “Can you do it?”

	I realized then that she already considered me her disciple. All of her talk about how I wasn’t officially part of her cult or her disciple was hollow—in her mind, I was already her disciple and the inheritor of her cult’s teachings, including the Demonic Heaven Arts.

	“Every movement of your sword must be driven by hunger,” the Heavenly Demon said. “Recall everything about the hungry. Their voices, their painful moans, and how their arms and feet move. Engrave them in your heart, and make them your drive. Through this, you shall swing your sword with just hunger. Only then can you use the Demonic Heaven Arts with its full power.”

	I looked down at the pit.

	A zombie was howling at the bottom of the hellish-looking pit. It was wearing a black training suit that was old and worn but definitely the uniform of the Heavenly Demon Cult. I could say that the zombie was my senior brother.

	I slowly opened my mouth. “What happens… What happens if I can swing my sword with only hunger?”

	“You can cut down someone who has never starved in one strike. Half of the martial artists of the Righteous Faction will be reduced to corpses in one strike,” the Heavenly Demon calmly stated. “These forms are created to claw the world.

	“Learn Starvation Death first. Next will be Thirst Death. You’ll learn to swing your sword based only on thirst and be able to slay those who have never withered in one blow. After that, it’ll be Drowning Death. You’ll learn all of the Nine Sword Forms, and they’ll show you the paths that can cover the world.”

	My heart pounded. I squeezed my sword’s hilt. “That is quite tempting.”

	The Heavenly Demon smirked. It may have been the only time I had seen her smile. She probably liked my fighting spirit.

	“Then why are you hesitating? Hurry up and dive into hell,” she said.

	I jumped into the zombie pit.

* * *

	1. The Xia Wu Sect is an organization of criminals. The Heavenly Demon is saying that Gong-Ja would make a great criminal. ☜

Chapter 72

The Death Gleaner (1)

	What was the last word that came to a person’s mind when you thought about zombies? It was a strange question, but zombies dominated this world—and I suddenly had to learn martial arts by fighting a zombie, so I couldn’t help but think about zombies. That was how I realized what the last word was.

	It was “Palm Wind.” The zombie in the black training suit held its hands together for a moment and then shot Palm Wind at me. I wasn’t joking. The zombie—who used to be a martial artist before its death—actually screamed and shot Palm Wind at me.

	“Shit…” I cursed.

	Its Palm Wind easily tossed me into the air like so much chaff. Just that was enough to leave my mind whirling. Unfortunately, the zombie wasn’t done.

	The zombie kicked off the ground using a unique foot art, executed with obvious proficiency. It soared into the air as if it were filled with helium and instantly flew right to me. It was crazy.

	“Hey! Wait, wait. This isn’t right!” I hastily swung my holy sword.

	Before I could cut down the zombie, the Heavenly Demon’s voice stopped me.

	“Don’t! Don’t swing your sword indiscriminately.” She was watching me fight from above the pit. “I told you to think about the hunger and the pain of those who starved to death. Ruminate on what it is like to be hungry. If you just swing your sword, the Demonic Heaven Arts is just an empty shell.”

	“B-but!”

	The zombie’s maw yawned right in front of me.

	I barely managed to twist my torso to avoid the zombie’s bite. I couldn’t properly break my fall and ended up rolling on the ground. Angry that I had evaded its attack, the zombie roared and charged again.

	“I’m not really hungry right now!”

	“You fool!” the Heavenly Demon shouted, frustrated. “Can you not picture the color red just because it’s not in front of you? How can you not recall what it feels like to be hungry just because you aren’t hungry right now?”

	Even while the Heavenly Demon was berating me, the zombie continued to swing its claws. If those claws touched me even once, it was over. I would be infected with the zombie virus and truly become Kim Zombie.

	The zombie savagely battered at my sword with its claws. I only managed to block the attack, never mind strike back. I felt like I was going to die.

	“If you can’t remember it, that’s because you aren’t used to the feeling of hunger. You’re basically a pig. Those who learn the Demonic Heaven Arts should be able to recall the feeling at will!”

	The feeling of hunger. The memory of hunger.

	“Remember the time you were hungry the longest. Dwell in that moment. Where were you? What did you want to eat the most? How long were you hungry!”

	“The longest time I’ve been hungry was three to four days…” I answered.

	The Heavenly Demon was dumbstruck. “What? Three to four days? You’re saying that the longest you’ve ever starved in your life was just around three days? That’s impossible. The world has been lawless for a long time, and famine was rampant every season. How could you have starved for only three days? What were you, the son of a major noble?”

	“O-outer murim was more prosperous than the Central Plains…”

	The Tower was naturally more abundant in resources than murim, the world of martial artists. After all, the Tower was a place of modern civilization; quite a few Hunters probably hadn’t starved for more than two days.

	“There’s just no talking with you. Hunger is the most urgent pain that you feel every day. No one can avoid the pain, so they live to lessen their hunger. The emperor’s hunger and that of the commoners are no different from one another. If you don’t even know this, how will you learn the Demonic Heaven Arts?”

	I-I lived hungry for quite a long time. I spent over ten years as a Class F Hunter! I used to count how many pieces of rice cake go into one serving in tteokbokki shops at the Tower. And I only bought tteokbokki at stores that gave me four more pieces!

	“Forget it.” The Heavenly Demon turned her back on me. “It’s my fault! I had hopes for you for a moment, but you’re all talk.”

	The pit I was in was deep, so the Heavenly Demon quickly disappeared from my sight.

	“Lady Heavenly Demon!” I shouted, barely fending off the zombie’s teeth and claws.

	I got no answer.

	“Lady Heavenly Demon?”

	Once again, there was no answer. The Heavenly Demon never backtracked.

	“Please wait a minute! For god’s sake! It’s not like feeling full is going to kill me! It’s absurd that I can’t learn the arts because of that!” I screamed.

	The Palm Wind zombie opened its mouth wide.

	“Ah, fu—”

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	“—ck!”

	I returned to yesterday and stomped my feet.

	Before my return, I had seen the Palm Wind zombie’s Skill Card, experienced his trauma, and received the Tower’s certification that my ego was intact. But none of that mattered right now.

	“Still, I’ve lived through a lot of hardship!” I fumed.

	Anger and competitiveness filled my heart with fires of red and blue. Actually, they weren’t just fire—they were an inferno.

	—Wow. The Guardian leisurely floated around me. She uses very traditional methods to teach you. Well, she’s teaching you her one and only ultimate art, so that’s the right choice. Zombie, when someone tries to weasel out of everything, they become a weasel like you…

	“So this is how she’s going to do it!” I ignored the Guardian and left the hot spring cave. “Does she think I’d be scared and surrender if she treated me like that? Not at all. I was burned to death before! From head to toe! There’s no way I would be scared to die of starvation.”

	—Uh… The Guardian looked flustered, which was rare for him. Zombie…? What’s wrong? Hey, just learn the sword from me instead of that Heavenly Demon woman. As a teacher, I’d be much more gen—

	“If she tells me to starve, I’ll starve!”

	—Oh, boy. He’s blown his top. Ah, he really can't see anything when he gets like this. Damn, that’s weeks down the drain, the Guardian muttered.

	From that day onward, I began my hellish journey. After lying to the Hunters that I was going to find the items needed to clear this stage, I left alone and went as far as I could from the hot spring cave. Then I cooped myself up deep in a snowy mountain and did nothing.

	The Guardian looked at me with cold, lifeless eyes. He knew what I was trying to do.

	—You nutjob… You’re just going to stay here until you starve to death, aren’t you?

	I nodded. “Yes, I am.”

	—God. Everyone else should know how crazy you are. Phewwwww! I’m the only one who knows. I would give anything to not be a ghost, the Guardian lamented.

	He was noisy.

	—Zombie—no, Gong-Ja, please, I’m begging you. I don’t care if you’re so pissed off that you dedicate yourself to your training, but why are you making me suffer too? I have to sit here and watch you the entire time.

	“Ah, you’re so noisy.”

	—Let me ask you something: how many days do you plan on holding out here?

	I was in a small cave somewhere on the mountain. It was different from the cave where the Heavenly Demon and the others stayed. Obviously, there were no hot springs or grain pills; it was just a cold, dark cave.

	“I don’t know. I’ll have to start with 112 days.”

	—What?

	“I saw it in the Heavenly Demon’s trauma. One time, she didn’t eat anything for 111 days and only held out by performing Qi Alignment. So I’m going to endure 112 days at least.”

	—What kind of fucking hippy-ass horseshit are you ta…

	The Guardian cursed at me for about a minute. But no matter what he told me, it wouldn’t affect me, so it was meaningless. Besides, I was already in the lotus position.

	He then tried to persuade me. Perhaps he thought that swearing wasn’t going to get him anywhere.

	—You can’t last more than a hundred days even if you try! the Guardian shouted. Look at the weather right now. It’s cold! It’s damn cold! If you don’t cover yourself with aura, you’ll freeze to death. How are you going to use it for one hundred days straight? However hard you try, you’ll only be able to last twenty days at most.

	—Besides, Gong-Ja, fasting for more than one hundred days isn’t just about starvation. You haven’t starved like that, have you? If not, then you have no idea.

	“Have you done it before?”

	—Yeah, I know because I did fasting training like the monks back in the day. For a few days, I felt hungry and thought I was gonna pass out, but you can’t feel anything after that. That isn’t starving. It’s just mental training. Mental training!

	“There’s the answer,” I nonchalantly said. “I’ll starve until the fifteenth day and then repeat it.”

	The Guardian opened and closed his mouth several times.

	—What?

	“I won’t eat anything for 15 days—that’s when I’ll be the most hungry. After that, I’ll commit suicide and stay on the 15th day. That’ll keep me hungry.” I looked at the Guardian. “I’ll repeat it until 112 days pass. How’s that? I won’t run out of aura, and I’ll still feel hungry. It’s the perfect solution.”

	—… You crazy motherfucker… The Guardian’s jaw dropped to the ground. Just learn from me… Don’t take that weird cult leader as your teacher. I told you my martial arts are better. If you need a teacher, learn from me. What in the world is driving you to this madness—!

	“I’m going to learn the Demonic Heaven Arts perfectly.”

	A fire was burning in my heart.

	“Do you know why the Heavenly Demon fell into despair and this world, the Heavenly Demon Chronicle, ended? It’s all because she felt like there was no point in surviving anymore.”

	When the Murim Alliance's leader had been confined to his deathbed, the Heavenly Demon had muttered to herself, “The world has no meaning.” That was it. If a world was considered a novel, her muttered words would be the last line written on the last page.

	All of the characters’ many lines of dialogue meant nothing. How they moved, where they went, or what they felt had no meaning. It was all pointless even if hundreds or even thousands of sentences were used. At that point, the novel and the world was dead. The novel was as good as blank paper, and the world was doomed. That must have been what the Indoor Librarian meant when he spoke about discontinued serialization.

	I didn't want this world to end like that. That wasn’t how I wanted the story of the Heavenly Demon to end.

	I looked outside the cave at the endless expanse of snow. “…It’s easy to live like the Fire Emperor. Since I have a killer skill, I’d have no problem convincing myself that I’m the best. When I win, it’s because of my skills. Other people do worse than me because they’re idiots, and I don’t need to worry about idiots. I can just pick the stages that are easy for me to clear. Whatever happens, I sneer and stay cynical…”

	I trailed off.

	I circulated my aura throughout my body and began my fast.

	“It sounds cool. It does. Although cynicism isn’t childish, people who live cynically are childish.”

	I starved.

	“Idealism might look cheesy, but people who try to live ideally aren’t.”

	I didn’t eat for a day.

	“I’m also human, so I have to live.”

	I starved for two days.

	“Then the answer to how I should live is obvious.”

	I fasted for three days. And on, and on.

Chapter 73

The Death Gleaner (2)

	Hunger. What was hunger? It had been a week since I had started fasting. The first and the second days were the most painful. After three days, it felt less painful. My organs and my mind slowed down, and my life faded a little. If I were to compare it to a river, its flow weakened and it dried up like it did during a drought.

	Was hunger about enduring until the river of pain, thought, and life dried up and disappeared? Was this the kind of training that the Heavenly Demon wanted me to do?

	“…No, it isn’t like this,” I muttered quietly. I uncrossed my legs. “Sitting here doing nothing is a waste of time.”

	I drew my sword, and, picturing the sword paths of the Demonic Heaven Arts, I blindly guided my sword.

	—What are you doing? the Guardian asked.

	“I’m exercising."

	It was winter, so my breaths were icy. Because I had been drinking melted snow for seven days, my breaths were like snowflakes.

	“I was wrong. I was so, so stupid… The hunger that the Heavenly Demon is talking about isn’t just about a lack of food, so fasting in the lotus position is definitely not the answer.”

	It had been a week since I last moved, so I was quickly out of breath. My limbs trembled, and my lungs screamed for more air.

	“Hunger is about not being able to eat even when you want to."

	My sword dance was crude, but it still made me sweat. It was different from the time I had been sitting in silence. I felt more alive. The amount I sweated fed the river of my life.

	“I’ve been thinking about a hungry farmer for the past week.”

	What was hunger?

	“No farmer wouldn’t go out to work because they’re hungry. It doesn’t matter if he’s hungry or hasn’t eaten, he has to work, but he still doesn’t have anything to eat.”

	I thought that was what hunger was.

	“He swings his hoe to plow the ground, but the weather is bad this year. It’s going to be a bad harvest. No matter what he does, the ground yields nothing. Not a single thing.” I swung my sword. “There’s nothing he can do…”

	And I closed my eyes and thought of the parched, barren ground.

	“…That is why he’s hungry.”

	A farmer slammed his hoe into the barren land.

	The ground cracked like crumbly old cookies.

	“It’s already been over half a year since it last rained.”

	The reservoir was empty, and the village well was also dry. There wasn’t a single drop of water on his farm. At noon, an old man came out and silently sat at the village entrance. Not a trace of water could be found in his wrinkled face either.

	“It's a drought.”

	The sun was hot. Some villagers had already abandoned their farms. Since they had given up their work, they had fewer reasons to not abandon their homes. Many villagers had taken their children and headed to the sea.

	“But this farmer hasn’t given up.”

	—Why?

	“He doesn’t think it’s going to be any different at the sea because he doesn’t know how to fish. People have to make a living on what they can steal, but he only learned how to steal from the land, just like his father, his father’s father, and so on…”

	The farmer went out to his farm day after day. He wouldn’t get anything, but still, he worked the farm. In the evening, he climbed up the mountain behind the village and peeled relatively edible tree bark.

	“But there isn’t much of the bark left now.”

	The other villagers had peeled most of it off. After coming down the mountain, he looked back at the trees on the mountain. They were completely naked and white. It looked like a birch forest from a distance.

	Hunger turned the world white.

	“It’s been over a week since he’d eaten even tree bark.”

	The farmer struck the barren ground with his hoe, and I swung my sword.

	“…But he can’t eat the bark he collected.”

	He had a family.

	—So what’s he going to do? the Guardian asked as my sword swung in time with the hoe.

	“He heads to the village well first.”

	He managed to scrape up a bucket of water from the puddle at the bottom of the well.

	“Using that water, he boils the bark and adds small leaves and such… He has to do it.”

	The leaves smelled fresh, and the scent of the tree bark was dry. Together with the rising steam, they made his mouth water.

	I’m hungry. I swallowed my drool too. I want to eat.

	The farmer wanted to take a bite of the tree bark boiling in the water. The bark held the scent of water and leaves, so he felt like it was going to be sweet. If he sank his teeth into it, it would gush rich broth into his mouth. The brown tree bark smelled like the earth; it was edible soil.

	He held himself back since he had to give it to his children… It was all he could give. However, his children whined and cried because they hated the bark their father had brought. They complained as they ate. In the end, one of the children tossed his bowl away.

	The farmer slapped the child on the cheek without thinking. My sword lashed out like his hand.

	It wasn’t right. The farmer turned away from his children. This wasn’t him. He wasn’t the type of person who would hit his children. He really wasn’t. It was just because of how severe this famine was. It had been too long since he had proper food, so he was on edge. Too on edge… His life didn’t used to be like this. The farmer went out to pick bark again.

	What was hunger? Famine had been around since the dawn of time, bringing hunger. At every famine, another farmer was created.

	“Feel hunger while you fight.”

	“Every movement of your sword must be driven by hunger.”

	Could hunger have movements? Yes, it could.

	“Their voices, their pained moans, and how their arms and feet move. Recall everything about the hungry.”

	It was how the farmer slapped his own child on the cheek.

	It was how he stormed out and threw away the boiled tree bark in the yard.

	It was how the farmer returned and handed his children the new bark covered in soil.

	“Engrave them in your heart.”

	Since the dawn of time, some farmers would have hit their children and then caressed their children’s cheeks, whispering apologies. Other farmers might have ended up beating their children. Some farmers survived until the next year, but there were also those who died with their children. That was how it had been and how it always would be.

	“Make them your drive.”

	Every move they made was hungry.

	“Through this, you shall swing your sword with just hunger.”

	To swing my sword, I used the farmer’s angry, bitter slap. I cut through the air like how the farmer threw the bark, the life, on the ground. I spun and slashed the air like how the farmer returned and handed the new bark to his children.

	“Only then can you use the Demonic Heaven Arts with its full power.”

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	First Form:

	Starvation Death.

	I slowly opened my eyes. The white snow of the day had already turned pitch black with the arrival of the night. When I noticed that it was the middle of the night, I also realized that I was drenched in sweat—and I was starving. I was so insanely hungry that I felt like someone was eating away my inside. Perhaps hunger was like a teethed insect that chewed away my organs.

	This is hunger.

	It hurt.

	The demonic martial arts were created to claw the world. The walls of this cave were covered in claw marks. Had a storm blown in? No, they were strokes of my sword, clearly engraved on the stone walls. Stalactites and stalagmites had been cut short. I cleaved through the stone of the cave using my sword despite having barely used aura.

	But… this isn’t enough yet.

	I had just reached an understanding of the arts. It was clear. The sword paths in my head and the imagination matched. I could feel it in my fingertips, and that was how I knew.

	“It’s still crude.”

	I hadn’t reached the peak of understanding. I was at the foot at best.

	—You’re nuts… The Guardian frowned in disbelief.

	“Why are you calling me crazy again? I’m training properly this time.”

	—Properly? You’ve got to be kidding me. If this is proper, those bastards who train through sex are perfect. The Guardian heaved a deep sigh. This is why the ignorant are scary. Zomsparrow, you’re a real lunatic, and I don’t think there’s anyone like you out there. Your spirit is like those in the Righteous Faction, but the mental arts you’re using are what demonic cult guys utilize. Godddddd.

	“Uh, I’m still unfamiliar with murim terminology. What’s wrong with that?”

	—You ignorant— The Guardian grumbled to himself. What you’re doing is absolutely outrageous, but you don’t even realize. Goddddddd. I’m gonna go crazy.

	“Can you please say that in a way I can understand?”

	—To sum up, a master martial artist from the Righteous Faction is using demonic martial arts. You want me to be more specific? The master martial artist from the Righteous Faction ONLY knows how to use demonic martial arts. Zombie, don’t you understand that it’s as ridiculous as taking a goldfish on a walk?

	I scratched my nose. “Do goldfish taste good?”

	—Starving yourself for over a week must’ve made you go crazy… Wait, you were crazy way before this… What kinda karma did I get in my last life to saddle me with this idiot… the Guardian lamented. I’m getting traumatized because of you. Damn, how am I supposed to teach you my martial arts? I feel like you’ll be fucked if I teach you the way I taught Gramps Marcus. What should I do with you…

	I was really hungry. I wanted to eat a choco pie[1] When I bit into it, the chocolate shell would melt on my tongue, and then the chewy white marshmallows inside would bounce between my teeth. I want to slurp on some warm milk and eat a choco pie. Just one. What was hunger? I, Kim Gong-Ja, would say that hunger was a choco pie—a delicious and healthy choco pie.

	—… Hey, are you paying attention? the Guardian asked.

	“Yeah? I’m contemplating martial arts.”

	—Don’t bullshit me. You look like you’re thinking about something stupid.

	Why did this guy know me so well? Was he stalking me? Technically, the Guardian was a ghost who always followed me around. He was a ghost stalker! Not a pleasant thought.

	I snorted at my unpleasant ghost stalker. “I’m serious. Dead serious. Do you have trust issues?”

	—Then tell me, what part of martial arts were you contemplating?

	The gorilla-sized stalker was nitpicking, just like a real stalker would. The ghost gorilla stalker should find his eternal peace sooner rather than later.

	“I thought I should stop and get out of the cave for the time being,” I solemnly told him.

	—Stop? Why? Are you going to show the Heavenly Demon your true power?

	“Nah.” I waved my hand. “I’m barely at the start of understanding the Demonic Heaven Arts. Even if I kill myself and go back to the Heavenly Demon, the best reaction I’ll get will be ‘I see some potential in you.’”

	—Huh? Isn’t that okay? You’ll get her approval.

	“What do you mean, ‘okay’? It isn’t okay at all.” I walked out of the cave. “Do you know how hurt I was when the Heavenly Demon looked down on me for never really starving? I hold grudges for a very long time. Approval can’t heal my broken heart.”

	—You make me feel uncomfortable…

	“I want her to be shocked. What I want is, ‘You’re so talented that words can’t describe it! I didn’t realize how lucky I was to have you as my student. I must have been out of my mind. I’m sorry.’”

	Just imagining it made me feel good. The moment would be as sweet as a choco pie.

	“How is it? Wouldn’t that be nice? I know you think the same, Mr. Sword Emperor.” I nudged the Guardian.

	—You’re one hell of a headcase…

	I came down the snow mountain and headed to the snowfield.

	“I felt something earlier while practicing the Demonic Heaven Arts. Compared to people of this generation, I’ve never really starved. When I imagined a farmer boiling tree bark, I couldn’t imagine it in detail. What kind of bark is it exactly? How should I boil the bark? I hadn’t tried it. The clearer my imagination is, the more of the arts’ power I can use. That’s why I’m still not good with the arts even though I have the Demonic Heaven Arts as my Skill. My imagination is crude. Which is why…”

	I stopped in the snowfield.

	“…I’m going to fill my imagination.”

	What are you going to do? Are you really going to boil some bark?

	“No, there’s a much better way.” I grinned. “Monster Legion Reincarnation.”

	The moonlight shone down and dyed the snowfield silver. Suddenly, clouds covered the moon, casting stark shadows across the snow. One bite after another, the shadows gnawed the moonlight from the snow like a swarm of voracious insects.

	[Activating the Skill Monster Legion Reincarnation.]

	The clouds left after a moment, but the shadows did not disappear. Even with the return of the moon’s silver light, the snowfield remained stubbornly dark. The shadows refused to divulge their devoured light.

	“Master.” Preta, one of the shadows, knelt before me. The snow crunched softly beneath her knee. Behind her stood thousands of skeletons.

	I nodded. “Preta, I have a job for you all.”

	“I am at your service.”

	“This is a perishing world where most of the humans have become ghosts and their bodies wander. In some ways, it’s similar to the Aegim Empire that you once destroyed.”

	Preta bowed a little lower.

	“My order is simple. Scatter and bring me the starving corpses.”

	“Starving corpses…?”

	I looked at the dim, endless expanse of snow. “Yeah. There must be villages here too, so find the corpses that died from starvation. Since they can move, they’ll resist, but there are over four thousand of you. Use your numbers to subdue them.”

	Preta cautiously asked, “How many corpses shall I bring…?”

	“112 corpses,” I answered.

	They had the trauma of starvation. I was going to learn all about their hunger. By the time I was done, I would be closer to the Heavenly Demon.

* * *

	1. Korean moon pie

Chapter 74

The Death Gleaner (3)

	“Master…” Preta cautiously looked up at me. “112 deaths are too much. You’ve already grown thin in just a few days. I almost didn’t recognize you—”

	“Why? Have you become so loyal that you’re suddenly worried about my health?”

	Preta hesitated, unsure if she should flatter me or be honest.

	“…If you disappear, so will I,” she said, “Which means I won’t get to live in my little paradise. My life, my memories, and my values—everything will disappear. I am completely dependent on you, Master. Since I worry about myself, I’m also concerned about your health.”

	“I like your honesty.” The corners of my mouth rose. “How is your life nowadays?”

	“Pardon…?”

	“You’re living in Estelle’s village, and the people you value more than your life have returned. How’s that going?”

	After gaining the exclusive rights to the twentieth floor, I had set Preta loose in the village. I planned to let her stay in the village from now on, except for when I had a job for her like now.

	“I’m… doing well,” she nervously answered.

	“Is everything okay?”

	“…Ah.” Preta blinked. “People calling themselves Hunters barged in one time. They said that the secret to how the Death King suddenly got strong must be here, and the Five Guilds must have hidden a treasure here… But the woman you brought—the Witch—and the Hunters under her command stopped them, so it didn’t turn into a big fight.”

	The Black Dragon Guild’s service was as reliable as promised.

	“None of the lords from the neighboring kingdoms come bother us anymore. They’re having a problem with the nomads that they brought in to attack us… Aside from them, both the empire and the temple declared my village a holy land. Lizardfolk and elves come and give us gifts from time to time.”

	It seemed that things in the other world were going smoothly.

	“Uhm… But… I lost my abilities,” Preta hesitantly continued.

	I nodded.

	“Sick people hear rumors about me so they come to the village… and, since the village has been declared a holy land, pilgrims come in hopes of miracles, so I’m not sure what to do with them… For now, the priest Hunters who follow the Inquisitor you also introduced are taking care of them…”

	I nodded reassuringly. “Don’t worry. I have a plan.”

	I was going to build the Chemist’s new shop on the twentieth floor. She said that she’d only accept the customers I introduced. Once this expedition was complete, the Chemist would be able to build a solid reputation of her own.

	For that to happen, I needed to make sure to sort things out. Since patients would be coming constantly, she would be able to gain experience with various diseases. The Chemist wouldn’t be able to handle the workload alone, so she’d need employees. Making Preta her assistant would be a good idea. It’d also be good to take in Hunters who aspire to become Chemists as her students. The shop would grow naturally…

	It wouldn’t take long for the new shop to be recognized as a branch of the Alchemist Office, and for the branch to then be upgraded to the headquarters.

	I had to take care of my people.

	I smiled. “What else?”

	“There’s nothing else in particular… Ah, Dajenna. She’s one of the children from the village. She seems to like the tteokbokki the Hunters brought. And Garcorp—he’s an aged man who guards the orchard—he gave his fruits to the Hunters of the Black Dragon Guild that guard the village. The Hunters brought more fruits from your world in return…”

	The wind kicked up small flurries of snow that danced through the soft beams of moonlight. Preta’s voice traveled like the snow. I listened to her story until the end.

	Preta bowed. “…That’s how that is right now.”

	“You’re saying it’s good.”

	“Yes, it is,” she cautiously replied.

	I nodded. “That is what the people of this world need, too. Go and collect the corpses.”

	Preta bowed deeper, her golden hair rippling over her shoulders, and said, “Yes, Master.”

	* * *

	It was said that there was a right man for every job. Summoning Preta and leaving her in charge of collecting the corpses turned out to be a very good choice. After all, the fallen Constellation was once called the Demon King of Autumn Rain and had destroyed an entire world. She knew how to glean death.

	“I’ll start by looking for villages or cities where government offices were located.” Preta signaled the army of skeletons to move out.

	“Since they’re the workplace of government officials, there should be maps,” she added. “They’ll be crude, but they’ll be somewhat useful once I piece them together. I’ll use that to search remote farming and fishing villages.”

	Three days after the search started, Preta and the skeletons delivered the zombies. They weren't martial artists—the zombies she delivered were just those who used to be ordinary farmers and commoners.

	“This is a mother who hung her children and herself because she couldn’t stand watching her children starve.”

	The group of white skeletons brought one corpse after another to the snowfield. It was hard to distinguish the white skeletons from the snow. From a distance, it seemed as if the corpses were walking toward me on their own.

	“These children woke up one morning and saw their mother’s corpse. They cried by their mother’s side and withered to death like wildflowers.”

	The line of corpses—of death—continued.

	“These are villagers who cursed the dead mothers for failing to fulfill their duty as parents.”

	“These people hid under the well to escape the plague but were never able to come out again.”

	“They’re prisoners who starved to death in their cells without a chance to escape.”

	Preta presented the poor with the care of a vassal presenting the finest tribute to her king. When a week had passed, she knelt before me again.

	“I brought them all, Master.”

	I looked at the snowfield.

	The walking corpses struggled to break free from the skeletons’ grips. Some of the corpses were old and some of them were young. Hunger didn’t discriminate.

	“…Good.” I took off my necktie, suit, and underwear, exposing my naked skin to the night sky. “Let them go.”

	As soon as the skeletons released them, all 112 zombies swarmed me. They instinctively went for where the smell of flesh was the strongest—where I was standing.

	I smiled. “Alright. Come at me!”

	A young zombie dove in and bit a chunk out of my calf. The terrible pain made it feel like my nerves were on fire, but it was cut off at my thigh when an old zombie tore my leg off. The pain paused for a moment, but returned many times over.

	I probably screamed, but I couldn't hear it because a zombie had torn off my ear. My lips were eaten, followed shortly by my tongue. I was unable to hear or speak, so I just had to watch countless shadows creeping over me.

	[You have died.]

	I looked up at the night sky. The moon was white as the unsullied snow.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	It was just like the night sky when an old man looked up for the last time. He was a fisherman who had spent his whole life on the river.

	When a jiangshi bit his finger, he didn't panic. He just calmly got on the boat and steered it away.

	“If I die on this boat, I won’t cause problems for the rest of the world at least.”

	As he lay down on the boat, gently rocked by the river, he could see his village. It was comfortable, as if he were lying down in a coffin. He was okay with the waves overturning the boat and killing him. Dying in his sleep wouldn’t be so bad either… The old man was happy to be born and die in the river.

	The moon he looked up at for the last time was serene.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	The young governor wondered how the world had come to this as he walked the castle walls at night. He wasn’t even an official before; he had been a scholar who had memorized a few lines and ran a very small school.

	However, the original governor had died, along with his officials. Then their subordinates joined them. Death followed as if they were in search of each other. At the end of their search, they would find the young new governor.

	“Sir,” a soldier said.

	He was also originally not a soldier, but a tavern owner’s jobless husband. Although he tended to find fault in everything, he was smart, so he was useful.

	“What is it?”

	“The granary is empty. There won’t even be a scoop of millet after two weeks. The fishermen occasionally manage to catch fish, but it isn’t enough. What should we do…?”

	“Start by reducing the elderly’s grain ration,” the young governor said. “There are countless jiangshi. We must value those who can still fight. Reduce the food given to the elderly and children to one-third of what they’re getting now.”

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	The governor was cold; at times, the governor seemed even colder than the jiangshi. Until he’d become governor, all he had done was recite the Confucian classics in the village. The soldier sometimes wondered where the governor got such determination.

	“The opposition will be fierce—”

	“Cut the adults’ rations by half as well. Some people’s rations will be reduced more than the others, but if we reduce all of them, they’ll bear with it.”

	“Won’t people still complain?”

	“I’ll cut my rations first,” the governor curtly replied. “Actually, I’ll just not eat at all. I’m the leader, so if I don’t eat anything, those who complain won’t be able to last long.”

	“…Are you okay?”

	“This place won’t last long anyway. What difference will it make if I starve for a few days?”

	The moon above the castle wall was serene.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	“We’ll all starve to death at this rate!” a girl shouted.

	She was a beggar who was part of the Beggar Gang, but the rich and the poor couldn’t be distinguished anymore. She was now just the leader of her peers.

	The girl stomped her foot. “The governor told the children not to eat. He’s basically telling us to die!”

	“Then what should we do, Sister……?”

	“Even if we’re going to die, we should die with something in our bellies. That’s how you become a good-looking jiangshi.” The girl huffed and puffed. “There’s a recipe I learned in the Beggar Gang called an earth cookie. It’s literally a cookie of mud.”

	“Mud cookie…?”

	“You can make as many cookies as you want as long as there’s mud.”

	The boy’s eyes lit up.

	“Listen up! Those of you who can swim, keep catching fish. Don’t give them to the adults anymore—we’ll share them among ourselves. And the rest of you’ll go to the river and scoop up soft mud.”

	“What are you trying to do?”

	“I’ll show you.” The girl grinned.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	The children dug up mud from the riverside. Sand and grit was mixed into it, so the children had to sieve the mud multiple times to filter out the pebbles.

	“Take a scoop of mud and make it into a ball, and lay it on a mat.” The young leader threw a ball of mud on the mat, then she spread it around like plaster. “Okay, that’s it!”

	“…Is that it?”

	“All we have to do now is let it dry in the sun. That’s how you make mud cookies.”

	The children were dumbfounded.

	“It’s just mud baked in the sun!”

	“These aren’t cookies!”

	“Be quiet. This is the ultimate recipe that has been passed down within the Beggar Gang. Just watch.”

	The young leader took out a bag of salt. Salt had always been expensive, but now that rationing had been cut off, each grain was worth its weight in gold. She mixed the salt very carefully into the mud cookies lying on the mat.

	After half a day, the mud cookies were completely dry.

	“Okay! They’re done! Take one each! But be careful when you eat them. If you take a big bite, that won’t taste good! Eat them slowly!”

	Half in doubt, the children bit into the mud cookies.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	“…It’s actually not bad.” The boy nibbled on his mud cookie like a hamster.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	Another boy’s eyes widened as he licked on his mud cookie like it was ice cream. It made the edge of his mud cookie wet.

	“I like the saltiness.”

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	“It’s bad…” One girl made a long face.

	The young leader giggled. “It’s okay as long as we can eat it. From now on, we have to get our own food. We’ll eat mud cookies on normal days, but we’ll also eat fish when we catch one. How does that sound?”

	“Okay, Sister…”

	The children curbed their hunger with mud.

	To force the mud down their throats, the children had to trick their tongues with the saltiness. That was why the children licked at the mud cookies rather than biting right into them.

	“Don’t lick it too much or it won’t taste like anything! You have to lick and chew that at the same time.”

	The children kneaded the mud by the river every day.

	“Huh? Look, there’s a corpse over there.”

	They were on the same river that the old man had taken his last journey on. The old man had been born from the river and considered it a blessing that he died in the same river. He had thought that making his boat into his coffin would be a way to not cause trouble for the rest of the world.

	Bodies of the drowned sometimes washed up to the riverbank. Dying on the river was the old man’s final joy, but the old man was unfortunate enough to not wash up on the other side of the river. Actually, everyone was unfortunate in this case.

	“It looks like an old man drowned.”

	“I feel bad…”

	“Do you think he used to be a fisherman?”

	The children approached the old man’s body with both fear and curiosity. It was dawn, so it was still dark.

	“Huh?”

	“W-wait a minute!”

	“Why?”

	“That isn’t a corpse It’s a jiangshi!”

	The corpse began to stir after it caught wind of the children’s scent.

	“Run away!”

	Some of the children did.

	“Ah…”

	But there were some who couldn’t.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	That was it.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	That was how the riverside fortress fell, cut off from the imperial capital and the surrounding villages. The old man died. The last governor died fighting. The soldier tried to escape through the gates, but he died. The young leader protected her younger sibling until she died.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	They tried to live.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	They struggled hard.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	Because they wanted to live, they endured their hunger.

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	The children had searched for wet ground and scooped out mud. They had spread mud dough across the mat. When the mud cookies had dried up, the children clutched them…

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	…Every single movement of all 112 of the dead was driven by hunger.

	[The trauma recreation has been completed.]

	[It has been confirmed that the ego of the subject of the Skill penalty is intact.]

	[Ending the Skill penalty.]

	I slowly opened my eyes.

	“I was just trying to learn how to boil tree bark…” I whispered.

	The reality was like nothing I could have imagined. The collapsing world didn’t even count the farmer’s tree bark as a trauma. When humans were cornered, they could even eat mud.

	“Yeah, I guess it’s possible.”

	I stood up and dug through the snow, wrapping my hand in my aura. After scooping up handful after handful of the seemingly endless snow, I reached the frozen ground. It was the first time I had seen it since I had come to this world.

	“Let’s see…”

	The ground had been frozen for years, so it wasn’t easy to dig, which forced me to use my aura to scrape together a handful of soil and snow and boil it like soup. After a while, the soil grew mushy.

	It was literally just muddy water. I did as I had seen in my dream: I picked out grains of sand and pebbles one by one, and then kneaded the mud into a circle. I took off my coat and suit and used them as mats to lay the kneaded mud on.

	Time passed. Morning arrived, followed by noon. I baked the mud cookies under the sunlight. After that, I carefully picked up the mud cookies and cradled them in my hands. They looked just like dalgona.[1]

	“…Thank you for this meal.”

	I nibbled on it. It crunched softly between my teeth. I licked the edge of the mud cookie. It became a little softer, but only at the tip of my tongue. When I held a piece of the mud cookie in my mouth, the soil grains stuck to the roof of my mouth.

	After a while, I got the hang of eating it. This cookie wasn’t something I chewed using my molars; I had to gnaw on it with my front teeth and then swallow it in little tiny pieces. I slowly ate the cookie, mulling over the simple taste of the sun’s warmth and the soil’s smell.

	“…It doesn’t taste good.”

	I bit it.

	“It’s bad.”

	I slowly chewed.

	“It’s really bad.”

	I swallowed. My shoulders shook. So did my heart. An indescribable emotion rushed over me. Was it anger? Was it sadness? Maybe that was loathing. Humans came from the earth, so why couldn’t they feed on it? Why were the smell and texture of the earth so miserable? Why?

	I didn’t even realize my right hand was tightly clenched. It could be anger, sadness, or loathing.

	At that moment, I realized that I was supposed to grab the emotions that couldn’t be expressed in words. Those emotions were meant to be wielded—yes, martial arts were about wielding a handful of emotion in one’s hand.

	It’s time to go back.

	I drew my holy sword and aimed it at my neck. I had to go back and show the Heavenly Demon my sword. No, not mine—it belonged to the old man, the soldier, the governor, and the children who died nameless.

	I’d never read a murim novel, so I didn’t know the exquisite principle of yin and yang. If my martial arts had any such thing, it was just the movements of those abandoned by the heavens. Their resentment and grudges brought demons into this world.[2] Left with nothing but their resentment and grudges, they looked up to the sky—hence, the Demonic Heaven.

	I stabbed right through my neck. I returned with the deaths of 112 people in my heart. What I had to do wasn’t any different from the last time—I asked the Heavenly Demon to accept me as her disciple. Just like the last time, the Heavenly Demon spent a night pondering. After that, the Heavenly Demon gave me a trial.

	“What is the trial?”

	The Heavenly Demon pointed into the pit. “I’ve thrown a jiangshi soldier down there. He used to be a promising member of my cult and a Peak-Tier master. Quite renowned in gangho. Defeat that jiangshi; then I’ll accept you as my disciple. But feel hunger while you fight. You should only feel hunger and the pain of hunger while you fight that jiangshi. No other emotions or thoughts can clutter your mind. Can you do it? ”

	I didn’t answer her. It wasn’t something that could be expressed in words, so there was no need to try and come up with an answer. Instead, I jumped into the pit.

	The jiangshi rushed at me. I looked at it indifferently.

	In my heart only the smell of mud in my mouth, the feeling of a lump of dirt in my hand, and the children’s hunger resided.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	First Form:

	Starvation Death.

	I swung my sword once, cutting through the jiangshi’s legs. In my second slash, I chopped off its arms. With my third, it lost its head. Every attack hungered.

	The one who used to be the Heavenly Demon Cult’s Peak Tier master was now silent at the bottom of the pit.

	I looked up and saw the Heavenly Demon’s mouth agape. It was like the first time she had seen the Hunters and I. Perhaps she was even more shocked than that time.

	When her lip ceased trembling, her heart would roar to life. She thought that life had lost almost all meaning to her, but a new beginning was blooming right before her eyes.

	I slowly opened my mouth.

	“Lady Heavenly Demon, what kind of death shall I demonstrate next?”

* * *

	1. Korean candy made from melted sugar and baking soda. Image. ☜

	2. The inner demons in Buddhism that hinder people during their cultivation. The most popular example is the heart demon. Some texts say that there are demons who are born from people’s resentment and grudges. ☜

Chapter 75

The Song of Light and Shadow (1)

	“There are nine sword forms in the Demonic Heaven Arts. Starvation Death is the first form, as I’m sure you’re aware.”

	“I am.”

	“Next is Thirst Death.”

	“Thirst Death…”

	“Yes, child from outer murim. You’ve done a decent job of demonstrating Starvation Death. So if you devote yourself to training, you’ll be a good—”

	“Hold on.” I raised my hand. “Wait a minute, please.”

	I felt bad about cutting her off, but I really had to. She just sat there and tried to act like nothing had happened, but I couldn’t let her gloss over something this big.

	“…What?”

	“What did you just say? A decent job?”

	The Heavenly Demon pursed her lips.

	“Huh, that’s strange. I thought I did pretty well, but that was just decent to you…? Ah! I’m sorry, my pride and confidence suddenly disappeared. I feel so discouraged.”

	“You…” The Heavenly Demon’s eyebrows twitched. “…Okay, I’ll admit it. You performed Starvation Death quite well. Just don’t go around and arrogantly say that you mastered the Demonic Heaven Arts.”

	“What? ‘Quite well’?”

	“Are you trying to ridicule me!?” the Heavenly Demon shouted. “It seems you’ll only be satisfied if I give you the Nine Bows. You really don’t know what a limit is, do you. Fine! You can be the teacher! I’ll be your disciple.”

	I had her hook, line, and sinker. Now I had to gently reel her in.

	“Oh, so you’re saying that you accept me as your disciple, right?” I asked, nonchalantly. “I’m not an outer disciple but an inner disciple. Your authentic, direct, inner disciple, right?”

	The Heavenly Demon couldn’t answer. One second. Two seconds. After a slight pause, she said, “Refrain from chit-chatting, child. I’m going to start my lesson, so focus.”

	So I’m right, I thought.

	The Heavenly Demon had forced herself to ignore what I said. She was stubborn, but it was rooted in her sincerity. I could see why she was actually hesitating.

	She’ll never say that she’s going to make me her disciple.

	The Heavenly Demon already considered me her disciple in her heart, but she never said it out loud. Though I never really felt it from the Guardian because I always bickered with him, it seemed that becoming master and disciple was a very serious matter to the Heavenly Demon and the people of gangho.

	A serious relationship could sometimes be a frightening thing.

	That was why the woman of the Heavenly Demon Cult didn’t declare that she was my teacher. She hadn’t even met me before this, and I wasn’t even from the Central Plains. She wasn’t sure if she could really open up to a person like me—she wasn’t sure if she could bring a little hope back into her life.

	Soh Baekhyang, the leader of the Heavenly Demon Cult, was at a crossroads.

	“Listen carefully. If you’re able to use Starvation Death to that level, you should be able to get something out of what I’m about to tell you. But…”

	Show me the character window.

	Name: Soh Baekhyang

	Affection: 51

	Liked genre: Murim

	Disliked genre: Classics, legends, history, fairy tales

	Liked characters: Grassroots, rivals

	Disliked characters: Oppressors, hypocrites, bums

	Liked plot points: Full power fight

	Disliked plot points: Fleeing, oblivion, meaningless death

	State of mind: My disciple? It’s time to choose… N-no! That’s wrong! I should be satisfied with getting to fight Namgung Woon. I’m near the end of my life, so taking in a disciple is too greedy. I should act my age and refrain from this unsightly greed.

	Her heart was the complete opposite of her calm appearance.

	I suppressed a smile. Yes, please agonize.

	I got my green light.

	Please be more conflicted.

	I was the one who showed her the crossroads. Was she going to continue the hopeless Great War of Good and Evil with the Murim Alliance's leader? Or would she take in a disciple and ensure that the Heavenly Demon Cult’s doctrines were passed down to the next generation? What choice would allow her to avoid a meaningless death?

	Please don’t give up your life like this.

	Words carried no weight. They could only be used to take care of people who carried no burdens. No, they were no different from refusing to take responsibility.

	Please live.

	They were very empty words.

	Even if the world is doomed and you’re left alone in murim, I hope you’ll still live.

	No amount of words could carry weight.

	I hope that I can be your reason to live a little longer.

	I didn’t say these useless, meaningless words out loud. The Heavenly Demon didn’t declare that she was my teacher, likely for the same reason. Words should be tied to actions to have any sincerity or else vanish without meaning. Neither the Heavenly Demon nor I had worked hard enough to say what we wanted to say yet.

	It’s not time to make up my mind, the Heavenly Demon thought to herself.

	I can’t make her choose yet, I thought to myself.

	The Heavenly Demon and I looked at each other.

	“Child, you don’t look like you’re paying attention. Are you listening?”

	I was watching her.

	“Yes, I’m focused. What are you talking about?” I smiled gently.

	“You’re serious, not joking?”

	“Yes. I swear to the Jade Emperor, Yama, and everyone else.”

	We exchanged glances. Unlike how hands sometimes met, glances crossed each other even after they met. In a way, glances were a bit like a person’s heart. After her and my glances crossed several times, the Heavenly Demon said, “Okay. Since you seem so confident, I think I can start your next trial right away.”

	She dusted the snow off of her and strode away.

	“Don’t follow me. I have a lot of work to do.”

	That was all she said before she left. She walked across the snowfield, but there were no footprints left in the snow. This was Traceless Snow, a demonstration of what she had mentioned on the first day I had fallen into this world.

	—I want to fight her, the Guardian suddenly said. I really want to fight her, just once.

	I absently turned around. What?

	—Did you stuff something in your ears? I want to have a duel with her.

	It was the first time I’d seen such a look on the Guardian’s face.

	—Damn it! Damn it! Damn it! The Guardian was genuinely angry. You know what, Zombie? The demonic cult in the murim I was born in was super weak! The only joy I had was beating up those demonic cult minions! There was a guy who claimed to be Heavenly Demon, but the moment I shoved his ass into the ground, he had to change his title to Earthly Demon! Fuck! Hundreds of those so-called “grandmaster” scumbags had to change their last names because of me! Ah! Shit!

	It was different from the look he’d worn when he lost our bet. He was angry, yes, and he threw a tantrum back then too, yes, but… his anger was much more intense right now.

	—I'm so jealous of the Murim Alliance's leader of this world! If I were that bastard, I would say, “Let's see who leaves here alive. You or me?” Then bam! After that, I’ll climb up any snowy peak! Up there, I’ll have a bowl of liquor and a piece of sweet and sour pork as I look down at gangho! That’s true pleasure!

	His desire to win was as raw as freshly killed meat.

	—Seriously! Only if I wasn’t a ghost!

	I closed my mouth and found myself slipping deep into thought. I stared blankly at the floor, my chin resting on my palm. My head was filled with thoughts. I needed help.

	—Huh? Zombie, why do you look like a zombie again? Are you worried that someone won’t call you a zombie anymore? Ah, I get it. You’re sulking because I called you a sparrow. Do you want me to stick to zomsparrow?

	“…That’s it.”

	—What?

	“That is it.” My head rose. “Miss Chemist makes the plague cure, and I’m officially recognized as the Heavenly Demon’s disciple. Those goals are all good… but I felt like something was missing. That was supposed to be the finale, but you just gave me the perfect idea.”

	—Uh…

	“Nice job, Mr. Sword Emperor.” I grinned.

	For some reason, the Guardian backed away from me.

	“What’s wrong?”

	—No… It’s just… It’s like whenever you smile like that, I become disastrously unlucky. Something that’ll tarnish my reputation happens.

	“I respect you very much, Mr. Sword Emperor. You know that, right?”

	—Thank you. Is that my turn to vomit on your face?

	I looked at the distant sky, my hands clasped behind me. “There is one unsettled debt between us.”

	The Guardian froze.

	—… Debt? What debt? I’ve never been in debt in my entire life. Come on, don’t start that mojo with your mouth, Gong-Ja. Don’t do that. You know, it might come back to bite you!

	“‘Let’s bet how many times I’ll die until I clear the nineteenth floor,’” I quoted. “And you bet that I would die less than one hundred times. My bet was that I would die less than ninety-nine times.”

	—Wait…

	“Right?” I smiled, the very picture of a saint.

	—Wait, that was ages ago—

	“Unless my memory is failing me, it took me ninety-seven deaths. And ninety-seven is closer to ninety-nine than one hundred if my math isn’t wrong. Right?”

	—…

	“Mr. Sword Emperor.”

	—Why do you keep doing this to me…

	“Do me a favor.”

	—Okay, you bastard. Shoot me. Bite me. Do whatever you want with me. The Guardian looked like he was about to cry.

	I had received an undeniable surrender.

	* * *

	The Heavenly Demon returned. She had been alone when she went into the snowfield, but she came back with company. A zombie was dangling off of her back. Just like the Palm Wind zombie, this zombie was wearing a black training suit.

	“My cult has a group of elites called the Blood Demon Unit. They’re my best assassins and exist only to carry out my orders.”

	In other words, fighting this zombie was going to be my second duel.

	I held my holy sword and took a stance. “It was a promising Peak-Tier master last time, and it’s your best assassin now? The difficulty level certainly jumped.”

	“Don’t worry. I brought you an opponent who’s at the right level for you.”

	She must have scoured the snowfield and examined hundreds of zombies one by one. It would have taken a lot of work and was a deeply considerate thing to do. I gratefully accepted it as her way of complimenting me.

	“What you have to demonstrate is no different from what you did this morning. Fight the jiangshi soldier…”

	“…And only thirst and the pain of thirst should be on my mind,” I finished.

	The Heavenly Demon smiled. “Precisely. I forbid any other emotion or thought to be on your mind!”

	“Understood!” I charged forward. “I’ll show you this time too—”

	[You have died.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	“…It’s fucking strong! Damn it!”

	I did show her the quickest death in the universe. Fuck.

	“Miss Chemist and Mr. Medicine King, why don’t you proceed with the research of the zombie virus cure like…”

	“Wow! It’s just like my research! No, it’s like my research was decorated so beautifully that it’s practically royalty!”

	“What is this? You… Death King or whatever. Are you from Silicon Valley too? This looks exactly like how I would organize something…”

	First, I updated the cure research as always.

	“Monster Legion Reincarnation!” I decided to seclude myself and train in the snow again. Just like before, I summoned Preta and the skeletons to collect the dead. Although I told them to find thirsty corpses instead of starving ones this time, the order wasn’t really that different from before.

	“Go. Go and gather the thirsty corpses.”

	“Yes, Master,” Preta answered.

	This was where it was different from before.

	“I have one more job for you all.”

	Preta tilted her head. “One more job? You mean…”

	“There will be martial artist jiangshi scattered around the area.”

	I wasn’t talking about the forest of corpses I had witnessed when I had first fallen into this world. For the past three years, the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader had been the only ones who fought in the Great War of Right and Evil. During the war, they had lost their subordinates’ bodies one by one. With every raging blizzard or long nights, the Heavenly Demon Cult and the Righteous Faction’s force dwindled little by little.

	These missing bodies were the jiangshi I was talking about right now.

	“Find the demons in black training suits and the warriors in white,” I said. “It doesn’t matter if they’re a hundred or three hundred meters away, send out the skeletons and find the jiangshi. No, actually, make a map and mark their locations.”

	Preta looked puzzled. “Why are you trying to save those people, Master…?”

	“Two people are still fighting in a doomed world, and they want a proper ending to their battle. Unfortunately, it’s just a pretend war in my eyes.” I looked up at the night sky where the moon hung. “Since they want a proper ending, I should give them a real war.”

	“A real war?”

	“Yes.” I couldn’t suppress my smile. I felt like Santa Claus getting Christmas presents ready. “I’m going to prepare a proper Great War of Good and Evil.”

Chapter 76

The Song of Light and Shadow (2)

	When I first tried to learn Starvation Death, the Heavenly Demon had been disappointed.

	“What? Three to four days? You’re saying that the longest you’ve ever starved in your life was maybe three days?”

	She hadn’t acknowledged my efforts and had given up on me after briefly watching me swing my sword. She just turned around and left.

	“There’s just no talking to you.”

	“If you don’t even know this, how will you learn the Demonic Heaven Arts?”

	The Heavenly Demon had tested me only to give up on herself. There was—no, there should be nothing more for her to expect from this world.

	“Forget it. It’s my fault!”

	That was what happened when I learned about hunger. However, she became completely different after I began to learn about thirst.

	* * *

	“Your sword is too simple,” the Heavenly Demon commented as she watched me fight the jiangshi.

	I could feel the way she looked at me had gradually changed. Even when I sometimes swung my sword clumsily, the Heavenly Demon didn’t look away, although she would frown. She even gave me advice.

	“I can’t find any applications or exquisite principles in your sword. It’s too honest, which gives it many vulnerabilities.”

	The Heavenly Demon began to place her hopes on me.

	“It seems your sword was made to fight the world, not people. Strangely, it’s closer to the sword of the Righteous Faction.”

	At first, the martial artist zombie killed me in a single blow, but I could fight it better each time. It was only natural since the zombies Preta and the skeletons brought killed me every night. The more I experienced the trauma of those who died of thirst, the stronger my sword became.

	When it was strong enough, the Heavenly Demon finally got into her lesson.

	“I’ll teach you a simple method of mind practice.”

	“What is ‘mind practice’?”

	“…It means a secret or a tip. Talking to a child from outer murim is so much trouble.” The Heavenly Demon cleared her throat. “Think back to when you performed Starvation Death. What did you think about as you wielded your sword?”

	“I thought about hunger.”

	“Of course you did, but I’m sure that wasn’t all. Though you weren’t even aware of it, you discerned the nature of the demonic martial arts. That is what I’ll teach you now.”

	We sat in the snowfield facing each other.

	“Imagine an apple.”

	“…Do you mean the fruit?”

	“Yes, I do.”

	I did as I was told.

	“Are you imagining it?” the Heavenly Demon asked.

	“Yes, I am.”

	“How does it feel?”

	“Pardon?” I found the Heavenly Demon’s question strange. What did an apple feel like? I didn’t have an actual apple in my hand, so how was I supposed to know?

	Noting my bewildered expression, the Heavenly Demon asked. “Can you not tell?”

	“If I force myself, I can imagine, but…”

	“It’s okay if you don’t know; just say you don’t know.”

	“Oh, yeah. I have no idea.”

	“You’re honest.” The Heavenly Demon smiled delightedly. “Okay! Think of hunger.”

	I thought of the farmer who worked his hoe against the barren land over and over. The feeling of the farmer hitting his children crossed my mind. A gang of children dug up the soft soil by the river and used that to make mud cookies.

	“Are you thinking of it?” the Heavenly Demon whispered.

	“Yes, I am.”

	“What does hunger feel like?”

	The children nibbled on the mud cookies, but they tasted dry.

	“…It’s dry.”

	“What does hunger smell like?”

	“It’s the smell of soil.”

	“Oh, what kind of soil is it? There are many types of soil. Some soils are used just for farming or pottery. Soil also has different colors like black and red, depending on the kind. I want to know what is the soil of hunger.”

	“It’s mud,” I said with my eyes closed. “It can’t be any kind of mud. It should have as few pebbles as possible and no sand.”

	“I see. What does hunger taste like?”

	“…”

	“Child,” the Heavenly Demon softly said. “I asked what hunger tastes like. Why are you quiet?”

	“…It’s sad,” I said. “The children dry their mud cookies under the sunlight. While the cookies dry, they don’t really have anything to do, so they aimlessly hang around the mud cookies, waiting for them to dry…”

	“It’s the children waiting for the sunlight.”

	“…Yes.”

	“Hunger is the children waiting for the sunlight,” the Heavenly Demon repeated.

	Yes, it was.

	“Child, that is the poetry of your life.” The Heavenly Demon’s voice was quiet like the gently falling snow. “When I asked you what an apple feels like, you said that you don’t know. How about when I asked you about hunger? You touched, smelled, and ate the mud! You saw a flowing river, so you must have heard the sound of its ripples.”

	The old man had gone on his last voyage under the night sky. He had steered his boat alone so that he wouldn’t cause problems for the world, but his death ended up becoming one.

	“An apple has a form, but hunger doesn’t. While an apple has a flavor, hunger is tasteless. Yet you speak of hunger so well! To you, hunger is mud, sunlight, the river, and children.

	“Child, that is your gift,” the Heavenly Demon said. “Open your eyes now.”

	I watched the Heavenly Demon move her hands as she sat on the ground.

	“The reason why you don’t know what an apple feels like is simple: It’s because I didn’t jog your memory.” The Heavenly Demon smiled and moved her hands.

	I could tell right away that the Heavenly Demon was pretending to cut an apple in half.

	“You’ll know if you’ve ever eaten an apple, apples have soft skin. They’re shiny but also have tiny bumps on their skins. I usually prefer to eat an apple whole, but it’s different when I see a child with a cold. I’d cut an apple in half…”

	It really felt like there was an apple in her hands.

	“And I’ll scoop out the apple’s flesh using a spoon and feed it to the sick child one bite at a time. Have you ever eaten an apple like that when you were young?”

	Yes, I had. A teacher at the orphanage had done it for me.

	“What does the texture of the scooped-out apple feel like?”

	“…It’s crunchy and mushy at the same time.”

	“That’s right! An apple is crunchy, but it becomes a little mushy because the spoon grinds the inside. Is that all? Does the apple taste bad now?”

	“I can feel its yellow juice filling my mouth.”

	“Exactly! But that isn’t all! If you scoop out the inside until you reach the skin, it gets all wrinkled up. The hands of the mother who dug out the apple are also covered with juice. But then… then… which of these is an apple to you, child?”

	I fell into thought, but the Heavenly Demon pressed me.

	“Is it a whole apple? Or is it an apple cut in half? Can it be a spoonful of its juice? Could it be its skin? Or is it the mother’s hands? What is your apple?”

	What was my apple?

	“I once saw a mother who gave her child all of the inside of the apple and then ate just the skin. To me, an apple is the skin that the mother ate. It’s also the child down with a cold. A mother’s scoop of love is my apple, too.”

	For some reason, I felt my heart warm even though I was sitting in the middle of a snowfield. Maybe it was the Heavenly Demon’s smile.

	But the Heavenly Demon’s smile didn’t last long.

	“…And I also think of children whose mothers never scooped out the inside of an apple for them. There are mothers who can’t buy apples, but some mothers didn’t buy apples even though they could. I also imagine a child who caught a cold but has no one to care for him—that child died because he didn’t receive care.”

	The Heavenly Demon’s eyes were dark and venomous.

	“Everything in this world has someone’s heart in it; therefore, nowhere is without sorrow!”

	My skin stung.

	“I said hunger is formless, tasteless, and scentless, but that is not true! Hunger is mud, the river, and children. Even a single apple. Child! Just as your hunger is mud, make it your thirst too! Feel the pain of thirst! Taste, smell, and eat it. Reach out for the source of water to slake your thirst! The demonic martial arts are about memory! That is my cult’s mind practice! Engrave the feeling of scooping up the mud and eating it into your mind. That is your hunger. That is the Demonic Heaven Arts!”

	I felt a chill run down my spine.

	“Even when the grassroots suffer injustice, what can they do? They can’t voice their resentment. It builds up in their mind and eventually piles up into a grudge. However, my cult’s martial artists are different!” The Heavenly Demon looked at me. “We wield our swords!”

	I gripped my sword tightly without realizing.

	“Just like how a bard sings and a scholar recites poetry, we wield our swords. How are those Green Gang thugs any different from my cult’s demons? They are moved by their swords, but we wield our swords! That is the only difference, but that is what makes us fundamentally different from those thugs.”

	The training began.

	“How can you call it life when you just live as it leads you? That is just death! You can’t call it swordplay when you just randomly swing your sword. That just makes you a beast. Do you want to die or become a beast?”

	“No!” I clenched my teeth. “I am a living human!”

	“Then feel the thirst already. Be thirsty like you were hungry!”

	I had gathered 112 people who had starved to death. Among them were children who ate mud cookies. I bit into the grains of soil in my mouth.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	First Form:

	Starvation Death.

	“You have found the mud of hunger. Now is the time to find something of thirst. Your hunger is the children waiting for the sunlight, so what is thirst to you?”

	Preta and the skeletons brought forty-eight people who had died from thirst. Of forty-eight people, there was an old woman who had kept drinking seawater. I drank salt water to pickle my organs.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	Second Form:

	Thirst Death.

	“To you, hunger is mud, and thirst is the sea. But thirst isn’t the only kind of pain the sea can give you. There is also the pain of drowning in the sea or a river. Child, what is water to you?”

	I brought together thirty-seven people who had drowned. That was how I saw the memory of a father who had given the last breath he had to his child. After diving into the water, I exchanged breaths with Preta.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	Third Form:

	Drowning Death.

	“Hunger is soil, and dryness is a wave. Your suffocation is a father’s last breath! The land, the sea, and the air are already yours. What is winter to you, child?”

	It was ninety-six people who had died in the winter this time. I watched the memory of a newborn baby clinging to his mother’s dead body until the very end. Therefore, I hugged a corpse tightly until I froze to death.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	Fourth Form:

	Freezing Death.

	The night brightened and became morning. The sun grew stronger, and it became noon. Half a day passed, while I had gone through 293 deaths.

	The Heavenly Demon slowly opened her mouth. “Child, your sword…” She looked at me with many thoughts in her mind. “Your sword is ever-changing. So very varied. Everyone has different habits, and their martial arts reflect their lives. Those are habits that can’t be changed. That tendency is stronger in the Demonic Heaven Arts, but your life… is diverse.”

	“Ah, I often hear that my charm shines through in all sorts of ways.”

	The Heavenly Demon stared at me.

	“I’m sorry. Was that too much nonsense?”

	The Heavenly Demon shook her head. “No, it was worse than that. That was horseshit.”

	“That’s a bit harsh.”

	“To be honest, even a dog would call that horseshit.”

	I see… Well, there is nothing I can do about it if even a dog thinks it’s horseshit, I thought.

	“It’s hard for humans to know every kind of pain. Even if they do, it’s very difficult to experience all of the pain to the extreme. But when I see you perform the Demonic Heaven Arts, it’s like… Hmm?” the Heavenly Demon frowned and turned her head. “…Someone is coming.”

	It was still broad daylight, so it couldn’t be zombies. Since this world was already doomed, it couldn’t be an intruder. It turned out that the Viper was carrying the Murim Alliance's leader on his back to us across the snowfield.

	The Heavenly Demon scoffed. “What are you doing, old man? What is up with you? Hah—have you finally admitted that you’re a pathetic old man?”

	“Be quiet,” the Murim Alliance's leader said. “I came here because I was worried about you, you wench. Tsk, tsk!”

	“Worried? Worried about me? A passing jiangshi would burst into laughter if it heard you. You’re weaker than me, you decrepit old coot. You’re in no place to worry about me—”

	“Demon, you haven’t even received the Nine Bows from him yet, have you?” The Murim Alliance's leader pointed at me.

	The Heavenly Demon was silent.

	“Tsk, tsk. I knew it! It was obvious. So obvious!”

	The Heavenly Demon pursed her lip tightly.

	By the way, what are the Nine Bows? I asked, confused.
