	—It’s the ceremony for when two people become master and disciple in gangho, the Guardian informed me. The ceremony is slightly different depending on which sect that is. Some sects literally bow nine times. There are sects that bow three times… I don't know how they do it in this cult. It's a sacred and secret ceremony.

	What was the ceremony like in your sect?

	—My sect’s Nine Bows was to survive nine hits on my head from my teacher. I endured sixty-three times. It’s the highest record in the history of the sect. Isn't that awesome?

	I realized why the Guardian was crazy. His madness had begun to bloom when he had first joined his sect.

	“…Silence. I decide who and when I accept someone as my disciple,” the Heavenly Demon curtly replied. “It’s none of your business.”

	“Don’t be absurd.” The Murim Alliance's leader got off the Viper’s back, glaring fiercely at the Heavenly Demon. “This is clearly my business since the reason why you won’t take him as your disciple is because you feel bad for me!”

	“Huh? What in the world are you talking about…?”

	“We’re the only two people left in murim. Coincidentally, you’re the only surviving demon, and I’m the lone survivor of the Righteous Path. If you take in a disciple, only the Heavenly Demon Cult’s heir will survive, which means that you’ll win the Great War of Good and Evil without a fight!

	“You and I promised to end the war between just the two of us. That was our promise, so now you feel uncomfortable about breaking your promise. And that is why you can’t accept that boy as your disciple!”

	…I guess that’s one reason, I agreed.

	The Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader were in the same sinking boat. It made sense that she would feel bad if she got to be the only one who got to raise a student.

	“Tsk, tsk, tsk. You’re unnecessarily faithful! I knew you’d be like this, so I beat you to the punch.” The Murim Alliance's leader patted the Viper’s shoulder.

	Smiling bitterly, the Viper scratched his cheek. “Well, it just happened.”

	“O-old man…” The Heavenly Demon’s eyes widened. “You didn’t…”

	“Yeah, I made him my direct disciple, starting today!”

	“How can you do this to me!” The Heavenly Demon charged the Murim Alliance's leader. They fought each other like dogs, covering themselves with snow. “Do you have any idea what I’ve had to endure to avoid receiving the Nine Bows?! You made my sincerity meaningless—”

	“Shut up! When you meet fate, you accept it with gratitude to the Jade Emperor! It’s just cruel for everyone if you keep trying to back out because you feel bad for me!”

	“What about the Great War of Good and Evil?”

	“It’s still the Great War of Good and Evil if our disciples fight in it! We don’t have to be the only ones fighting in it!” the Murim Alliance's leader immediately countered.

	“I won’t accept anyone but you as my opponent!”

	“Do you have to show that you’re a demon with your extreme way of thinking every time?”

	“What did you say?!” The Heavenly Demon grabbed the Murim Alliance's leader by the collar.

	Unwilling to back down, the Murim Alliance's leader grabbed her hair and glared at her. “Demon, you’re always like this! It’s always either this or that. If it’s not that, it’s this! You wench, you can’t just split the world in two!

	“The world may be an ocean in your eyes, but all I see is a field of ice! Of course it’ll split!”

	“Then melt it!”

	“That’s why the fire called the Demonic Path and the firewood named demons exist! They exist to melt it!”

	“Then add one more piece of firewood!”

	“Buwolseon, I already know that you’re the hypocrite of the Righteous Path! You don’t have to nitpick over every word…!”

	The Murim Alliance's leader and the Heavenly Demon argued. Every time they went back and forth, two different worlds collided with the crashing of metal. A world was something that could find its place even in a lowly dog fight.

	I turned to the Viper, leaving the worlds to battle it out.

	“This is a surprise.”

	“What are you talking about?”

	I couldn’t say that I was surprised that the real deal like him would take someone as a teacher, so I beat around the bush.

	“You’re the OJP Sect’s Master. Is it okay for you to be someone else’s student?”

	“Fuck. If my sword has to dance, it will dance. When I have something to learn from someone, I ask them to be my teacher. I’m not so stuck up that I’d give a shit about all that.” The Viper gave a manly smile. His distinct facial features stood out.

	“Mr. Viper.”

	“What?”

	“You’ll regret it if you were pushed into taking the Murim Alliance's leader as your teacher or if you did that out of pity.”

	The two worlds were still fighting, given the cacophony they were making. It was completely different from the time the Viper’s disciples and his pride had pushed him to head into the Heavenly Demon Chronicle. That kind of pity and half-assed determination was an unforgivable insult to those two worlds.

	“…I have no idea what you’re talking about.” The Viper scratched his cheek and then glared at me with his one eye. “Fuck, you call yourself Death King, but you talk an awful lot. If you want to see something from me, find it with your sword. Just know it’s not going to be easy.”

	The Viper raised his sword.

	Actually, there was an easy way to see it, which was to open the Viper’s character window. That would make it crystal clear.

	Instead, I quietly said, “Mr. Viper.”

	“Yeah?”

	“Have you ever been hungry?”

	The Viper blinked his one eye. “What?”

	I charged.

Chapter 77

The Song of Light and Shadow (3)

	I raised my sword as I ran toward the Viper and brought it down on him.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	First Form:

	Starvation Death.

	I was now a starving farmer, and my sword was a hoe. My strike plowed through the air as if it were dry mud, and the space parted until my sword was right above the Viper’s head.

	“What…?” The Viper flinched, his one eye filled with shock. He moved his arms to block but quickly stopped and twisted his waist in an attempt to dodge instead.

	Like how a farmer never missed with his hoe, my aim was precise, but the Viper pulled back fast enough to create a vacuum in his wake.

	The air boomed, sending the snow whirling wildly around us. With the winter weather, every gust of wind blasted us with snowflakes. The extremely dry air clawed the inside of my nostrils.

	“…Shit.” The Viper raised his sword. His single eye shone through the snow.

	I charged with my sword raised to strike again.

	Again, the Viper leaped backward instead of blocking my sword. “The fuck—”

	The snow surged.

	“Fucking hell…”

	Every time I brandished my sword, the Viper dodged—he had no choice but to dodge.

	“Fu—”

	A whirlwind rose every time.

	“Damn, the fuck?”

	I stopped in the middle of my charge. Actually, I had to stop when I realized I hadn’t been breathing. The dry air rushed into my throat and charged down my lungs like a waterfall; it felt like all my organs were turned upside down. Every part of my body ached when I breathed. I could feel my body trembling, but I didn’t let go of the sword. The first round was over.

	“Shit, I almost died…” The Viper looked at me, a cold sweat beading his skin. “…Death King, I thought all you had was your mouth, but your sword is pretty decent. What the fuck was all that? Your moves were like… the Iceworld Demon Sword.”

	“That’s right, my disciple! His swordplay carried the spirit of a demon who would freeze and shatter the world! It was truly worthy of the name ‘Iceworld Demon Sword!’” the Murim Alliance's leader yelled in the middle of his fight with the Heavenly Demon.

	There was an insurmountable, interdimensional gap between the Viper’s “Iceworld Demon Sword” and the Murim Alliance's leader’s. However, it was impossible to notice the difference unless one had the ability to read other people’s minds.

	The Heavenly Demon clicked her tongue, but she didn’t notice either. “He’s pretty sharp for a man with just one eye.”

	“You can say that again! He may be a bit old, but he’s a genius with a divine gift for seeing the truth! If not, there is no way I, Buwolseon, would have accepted him as my disciple,” the Murim Alliance's leader bragged before directing his eyes at me. “Hmm. But your disciple is also quite promising, wench. I’m pretty sure it hasn’t been long since you accepted him as your disciple, but his demonic martial arts are quite fearsome. Haha, he carries the seed to be more demonic than the Four Demon Kings!”

	“I told you I haven’t accepted him as my disciple—”

	“It’s about time you put your stubbornness to rest already!”

	The Heavenly Demon closed her mouth.

	As I clawed for breath, I thought about the purpose of this match. No, it wasn’t about beating the Viper, nor him beating me. It was to make the Heavenly Demon accept me. In that respect, my goal aligned with that of the Murim Alliance's leader. The Heavenly Demon was just waiting for the end, so we were going to give her a future.

	The Murim Alliance's leader smirked. “My disciple!”

	“Yeah, Teacher!” the Viper energetically answered.

	“I’m going to give you advice now, so listen carefully!”

	“What…?” The Heavenly Demon’s jaw dropped. “O-old man! What is the meaning of this!?”

	“Why? Is there a problem? You said that you aren’t the teacher of that greenhorn demon, didn’t you?”

	“T-that is true… What I mean is that you shouldn’t give advice in the middle of a match! Even in a game of go, it’s rude to give tips to the players. It’s even worse to do it in a match where two martial artists are fighting!”

	“Two martial artists?” The Murim Alliance's leader laughed and stroked his beard. “All I see is a greenhorn demon and a promising young man from the Righteous Path. It’s also written in the Great Codes that you can band together to take down a demon. I see no problem.”

	“Are you seriously going to do this, old man…?”

	“Haha. My disciple!” the Murim Alliance's leader cheerfully shouted. “Each one of that greenhorn demon’s attacks is quite advanced, but he can’t keep that up! Never counterattack. Continue to dodge his attacks and wait until his stamina is depleted!”

	“Oi, oi, Teacher! Are you serious?” The Viper sneered. “I figured that out a long time ago! Don’t you have more practical advice?”

	“Why in the world does your disciple talk like that now!” The Heavenly Demon gritted her teeth, her eyes ablaze with various emotions. “Is this really the dignity of Grandmaster of the Righteous Faction that you were so desperate to cling to?”

	“Why are you picking a fight over his way of speech now? Do you expect a child from outer murim to follow the Central Plains’ etiquette? Is it because your disciple… Oh, yeah. You said he wasn’t your disciple yet. Anyway, are you worried that my foul-mouthed disciple will crush the young demon over there?”

	“You…”

	“My disciple! Perform the Full Butterfly Sword using the Law of Life and Death! It’ll work like a charm!”

	The Viper’s thick eyebrows twitched and enlightenment dawned on his face. “I see. The Full Butterfly Sword, and the Law of Life and Death.”

	“Yes! If you add one more move to the attack, it’s to apply the principle of the Divine Martial Heaven. Can you do it?”

	“Fuck yeah, Teacher! I’m the Viper, the OJP Sect Master!” The Viper blew the snot out of one of his nostrils and adjusted his grip on his sword.

	Meanwhile, I was finally able to catch my breath and fix my posture.

	The Viper smirked at me. “Death King.”

	“Yes?”

	“You asked earlier if I’ve ever been hungry, yeah?”

	“Yes, I did, Mr. Viper.”

	“Is that your martial arts?”

	The Viper’s question was as sharp as his eye.

	“That was the drive of my strike.”

	“I thought so.” The Viper chuckled. His smile tilted along with his head. “I’ll ask you this first, Death King: what do you think martial arts are?”

	The OJP Sect Master’s discussion of martial arts was like discussing gods with the Inquisitor, the Sword Star about the sword, or the Alchemist Master on medicine. In other words, it was something I had to sit up and pay attention to.

	I would have done that if only I hadn’t met the Guardian and hadn’t learned the demonic martial arts from the Heavenly Demon. Above all, I had read what was going on in his mind.

	“I’ll answer that for you!” The Viper bent forward slightly and held up his sword like a spiteful viper rearing its head up. “Take a step! Swing your arm! Throw your fist!”

	And he moved—no, flowed as if he were a falling stream of water. The movement was smooth and elegant and closed the distance between us in one move.

	“Martial arts are about kicking the ass of the guy in front of me!”

	I narrowly blocked the Viper’s sword, showering us with sparks, but he immediately spun it back around and held it straight up as if he was going to pierce the sky. He flicked his wrist.

	“That is all there is to it, kid!”

	A shower of sword strikes rained down on me.

	“Damn it,” I cursed.

	As soon as I blocked one attack, I was threatened by the next.

	“Ah.”

	Yet another strike followed.

	“Shit!” I shouted.

	The barrage rained down on me without mercy, pressing down my sword to create an opening like a tenacious hound.

	“Urgh.”

	The Viper crept into my opening and cut out a bit of my cheeks using his sword. I managed to stagger back, my cheeks weeping blood—however, the Viper followed me like a venomous snake wrapping itself around me to sink its fangs into my neck.

	“I’m not letting you go!”

	He brought his sword down again. I groaned as I blocked it and was forced to endure a fresh shower of attacks.

	“Damn it,” I cursed.

	As expected, he was strong. He wasn’t considered a combat High Ranker for nothing!

	“Oi, oi. Death King! Is that all you got? You had the audacity to attack me first, so you gotta do better than that!” the Viper mocked.

	His taunting frustrated me, but someone else burst out in frustration.

	“Damn it… You foolish child!”

	It was the Heavenly Demon. She had been gnashing her teeth because the Murim Alliance's leader kept provoking her, and her frustration finally spilled over.

	“What are you doing?” she shouted at the top of her lungs, her fists clenched. “It’s a shower! It’s water! His sword resembles rain! What is there to be afraid of? Drink the rain!”

	She had acknowledged this match. This was a fight between the Heavenly Demon Cult and the Righteous Faction. The two of us were the representatives and successors of the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader.

	I laughed. “Understood!”

	I stood up straight, holding my sword in reverse.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	Second Form:

	Thirst Death.

	I stopped the Viper’s barrage of attacks before the downpour began. I redirected it to the path I wanted like I was going to drink it, but instead let it spill onto the ground.

	“Oh.” The Viper blinked. His move was wasted entirely thanks to my action.

	Our eyes locked just as two voices also began to vie for superiority.

	“My disciple! It’s time for Dry Leaf Mold! Become mud—”

	“Ha! Then make it into a puddle, child!”

	The Viper crouched defensively.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	Third Form:

	Drowning Death.

	I angled my sword slightly, launching a slanted slash.

	I attacked the Viper again, timed with his inhale.

	When he blinked, I unleashed another attack.

	I struck him slightly off beat this time.

	“Shit…!” The Viper eyed the cut on his waist and gnashed his teeth.

	“He’s venomous!” the Murim Alliance's leader shouted. “Get away from him!”

	“Get closer!” the Heavenly Demon shouted.

	The Viper retreated as the Murim Alliance's leader had told him. On the other hand, I closed in on the Viper like the Heavenly Demon had instructed me.

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	Fourth Form:

	Freezing Death.

	“Freaking hell!” the Viper angrily shouted. “You really fight like a nasty motherfucker!”

	“Right back at you, Mr. Viper!”

	“It’s real shitty! Were you a shit in your previous life, Death King? How can you cling to me like dogshit stuck to my shoe?”

	“I could ask you the same thing. Were you a dog in your previous life?”

	Wondering about each other’s previous life, the Viper and I exchanged sword attacks. As the winter wind threw snow into the air, things in the peanut gallery were heating up.

	“Play with him a moment and then back away as quickly as possible, my disciple!” the Murim Alliance's leader yelled.

	“Attack him right now!”

	“Don’t block it! Use the Lazy Donkey Rolling! It’ll give you a chance to dodge it! Then use the Ground Tumbling Fist—”

	“Child, you shouldn’t block that one either! Dodge it!” the Heavenly Demon urgently warned me.

	Wounds slowly covered my skin. The Viper and I bled and our flesh flew away. The cold wind froze our wounds into scars. Eventually, we were both covered in blood.

	“Come on, you demon wench! You’re giving him advice too!” the Murim Alliance's leader criticized, laughing.

	“Your head must be filled with snakes, old man,” the Heavenly Demon snapped back, but she was also laughing.

	As the two people’s laughter echoed in the air, my sword clashed with the Viper’s. Neither I nor the Viper had any intention of killing each other, and no bloodlust could be found in the quarrel between the Heavenly Demon and the Murim Alliance's leader either. This fight wasn’t about killing the opponent, but that was definitely a killer fight for everyone.

	I had become the Heavenly Demon’s sword. Due to the disease, she couldn’t fight with all her might anymore unless she used all her qi. I fought in her place with everything I had, showing her the sight she had lost.

	The Viper was the sword of the Murim Alliance's leader. The leader couldn’t wield his ax without resorting to his vital force because of the disease. On his behalf, the Viper charged at me in full force, becoming the dream the Murim Alliance's leader had been forced to give up.

	All sights fade away someday. No matter how radiant a dream was, it eventually lost its color. Humans declined.

	At some point, the Heavenly Demon fell silent. The woman of murim, known as the strongest of all time, slowly covered her face.

	“Horrible… You horrible people… I gave them all up. I gave them up ages ago, so why did they come back again…?”

	In a genre and a world in decline, only people could abandon other people, and only people could not give up on other people.

	“Why…?” the Heavenly Demon murmured.

	After who knew how long, our match ended only once the Viper and I couldn’t even lift our swords. No one won, and there was absolutely no loser in this fight either.

	I sheathed my sword and staggered across the snowfield, panting. I approached the Heavenly Demon, who was still covering her face, and bent my shaking knees.

	“Lady Heavenly Demon.” I placed my hands on the snowfield. “I wish to become your disciple.”

	I want to be your sight.

	“I hope to serve you as my teacher.”

	I want to be your unfading dream.

	“My title is Death King.”

	I hope that your sight, your dream, and your life will continue with mine.

	“And my real name is Kim Gong-Ja.”

	This is the generation where all seriousness is laughed upon. I want to be your pillar so that no one can laugh at you.

	“Please accept me as your disciple.”

	Please live on.

	Sunset painted the sky with vivid colors as snow dusted the earth.

	“I am Soh Baekhyang, the Heavenly Demon.”

	The wind scattered the snowflakes far and wide. One among countless snowflakes drifted onto the Heavenly Demon’s black hair. The white snowflake melted and flowed down her black tresses.

	The Heavenly Demon opened her mouth.

	“Give me your Nine Bows. I will accept you as my last disciple.”

Chapter 78

The Scent of Snow (1)

	…Whish, whish, iwish… The heart is a candle, and it shall burn this place…

	This prayer had been handed down for a very long time. Just as monks chanted Amitabha, the people of the demonic cult sang this prayer.

	…Whish, whish, iwish… The heart is a candle, and it shall burn this place…

	No one knew what prayer meant, not even Soh Baekhyang. Even the old man who had brought her to the demonic cult didn't know the meaning, but they both chanted it together.

	To Soh Baekhyang, the prayer was the song and the scream of the grassroots. It was easy to memorize the prayer even if people didn’t know the true meaning. A scream had no meaning, so wasn’t it natural that the grassroots’ song didn’t carry any meaning?

	People had to learn manners to be polite, and righteousness to practice justice, but screaming was not learned. There wasn’t a lot to know for people to scream, so even the uneducated masses could scream.

	…Whish, whish, iwish…

	Screaming was common everywhere in the world. In Soh Baekhyang’s eyes, the entire world was screaming.

	“There is nothing more to teach you,” the old man said. “Go out into the world.”

	“Where shall I go?” Soh Baekhyang quietly asked.

	The eleven-year-old child was gone. She was now a grown woman with dark hair and eyes and an equally dark uniform. The woman was as dark as the depths of a well at midnight. Her wish was to become hell, so her darkness deepened to become people’s hell.

	“Where do you want to go?”

	“The place of the hungry and the thirsty,” Soh Baekhyang answered. “Where the drowning gasp for air and the freezing shiver; where the drug addicts and the sick are left to rot; where people are beaten in government offices and burned to death.”

	Soh Baekhyang stared into the distance. “That is where I want to go.”

	From far, far away outside the main hall, she and the old man could hear the sound of prayer.

	…Whish, whish, iwish…

	Demons were bowing and praying. Their voices made the wooden floor shiver.

	The old man opened his mouth. “Then the whole world is where you should go, Baekhyang.”

	At the age of twenty-one, Soh Baekhyang went out into murim. That winter, thirty-one martial artists, forty-seven government officials, and fifty-five local aristocrats lost their heads.

	* * *

	The Heavenly Demon quietly sent away the Murim Alliance's leader and the Viper and took me elsewhere.

	“There is a special ceremony in my cult. Do you know how to do Nine Bows?”

	“No, I don’t,” I answered.

	“In my cult, a disciple bows nine times to the person they accept as their teacher.”

	We headed to the hot spring cave. It felt like home now, but I was unfamiliar with the place the Heavenly Demon took me. The Hunters and I had never been allowed to go as deep as she took me.

	The Heavenly Demon waved her hand, her loose sleeves fluttering. Countless candles lit up the darkness, illuminating the cave’s stalagmites and stalactites.

	“However, the ceremony doesn’t end just because the student bowed nine times. It’s entirely up to the teacher to accept their student’s Nine Bows. The teacher can ask their disciple to bow as many times as they want.” The Heavenly Demon smiled. “In other words, it depends on me.”

	“Mmm… Is there a standard I should meet?”

	“There is. Manners are more about the heart than appearances. Child, the reason why time and place are important parts of manners is that people’s minds are cunning and frivolous.”

	At the end of the passage, there was a library. With each step the Heavenly Demon took, more candles lit up on both sides of the path. As each candle lit up, the enormous size of the library was further revealed. Books and bamboo scrolls were arranged in piles that reached all the way to the cave’s high ceiling.

	“It isn’t easy to control the frivolity of the mind,” the Heavenly Demon said as she walked. The candlelight played around her ankles. “That is why people choose sacred times and places. They rely on time, place, and the heavens to weigh down their frivolity.”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon, this is…?”

	“This is my cult’s martial arts library, ” the Heavenly Demon said. “It also stores the martial arts of the Nine Sects, One Gang, and Five Clans. I call this place the Heavenly Martial Arts Hall.”

	—This is a fucking awesome treasury! Zombie, I’ll be reading some martial arts books! Don’t worry about me, do your business. Try to buy some time until I finish reading all of them if you can! The Guardian, a martial arts maniac, ran over to the piles of texts. Hell yeah! all of the ultimate martial arts of this world are now mine! I’ll have every enlightenment I can get! Bwahahahahaha!

	The Heavenly Demon was calm, unaware that a ghost was running wild in her library.

	“I went out to murim when I was twenty-one. Can you tell what I thought first?”

	“Uh… ‘I will destroy all those cocky Righteous Path bastards’ heads?’ Was it something like that?”

	“That was the third thought I had.”

	“‘I will prove that the cult is the best’…?”

	“That was the second thought I had.” The Heavenly Demon winked. “You know, I’ve hated the word ‘murim’ since I was young.”

	“Huh?”

	“Murim is the name of the region that worships martial arts, but martial artists aren’t the only ones in murim. There are also other people, like boatmen, farmers, merchants, and prostitutes. Countless trees make up the forest we called murim.[1] Each of those trees has a unique name and texture, but the Nine Sects, One Gang, and Five Clans named the region the ‘forest of martial arts,’” the Heavenly Demon muttered. “I didn’t like that, so I decided to take their martial arts away from them.”

	“By taking away their martial arts, you mean…?”

	“I stole all of their precious martial arts manuals!” The Heavenly Demon laughed mischievously. “Haha, I can still see the looks on the faces of those Kunlun sages. They begged me to snap all of their necks but please leave the books that contained the exquisite principle of the Cloud Dragon! But who am I? I buried the sages up to their necks. And then, I wrapped up their books and ran away right in front of their eyes!”

	Wow, my teacher was quite a personality.

	“I’ve done that for decades. Now this place is Mount Kunlun, the Wudang Sect, the Sichuang Tang Sect, the Zhuge Clan, and the Mount Mao Sect. All of the martial arts in the world have formed a forest here, so this is worthy of the name of murim.” The Heavenly Demon slowly sat down. “I would like to receive your bows here. Will you do it?”

	“I will.”

	“I won’t judge how your bows look. Child from outer murim, bow as your heart leads you.”

	I took off my shoes and gently set them aside before kneeling. As I was about to touch the ground with my forehead, the Heavenly Demon spoke again.

	“Bow nine times, but perform each bow with a different heart. Put the heart of hunger into the first bow. Do you understand?”

	“Yes, I understand.”

	The relationship between a teacher and a disciple was of utmost importance. In the Heavenly Demon Cult, the ceremony wasn’t just a matter of bowing nine times—their Nine Bows were the Demonic Heaven Arts.

	I took a deep breath and pictured a farmer swinging a hoe, a riverside, and mud.

	“Hunger is the children waiting for the sunlight.”

	I prostrated myself, and the Heavenly Demon nodded, accepting my first bow. Everything about my hunger was true, so it was more than enough to be considered a respectful bow.

	“Demons are largely divided into four levels,” the Heavenly Demon instructed me, who was soon to become her disciple. “The first level is Entry Demon. They know how to speak of their suffering. My cult’s demons speak with their swords, not their words. Therefore, my Entry Demons are those who can speak of their suffering using their swords.”

	I placed my forehead on the floor to bow again. After hunger came thirst, so I imagined a sea in my heart.

	“The second level is Extreme Demon. They’re people who are capable of talking about others’ suffering, so they also know how to end the suffering using their swords.”

	The Heavenly Demon wordlessly accepted my second bow as well.

	I bowed again, thinking of a drowned father.

	“The third level is Transcendental Demon. They know and can speak of everyone’s suffering. A Transcendental Demon should be able to know what every passing person is suffering from.” The Heavenly Demon nodded again, gladly accepting my third bow.

	I offered my fourth bow.

	“It’s extremely rare to find those who reached this level! Even in the history of my cult, there were less than five Transcendental Demons, one of them being me.”

	The Heavenly Demon accepted my bow this time too.

	“Lastly, there is the level of Divine Demon. A Divine Demon is someone who understands the suffering of all beings and things in the universe. However, this level hasn’t been proven yet. People just assume that such a level exists. No one has actually reached the Divine Demon.”

	I was about to offer my fifth bow.

	“Stop.” The Heavenly Demon calmly raised her hand. “Do it again.”

	The Demonic Heaven Arts’ fifth form was Poisoning Death, which was the movement of those who were dying from drug addiction. But I hadn’t learned the fifth form yet.

	"I told you to bow again," the Heavenly Demon quietly demanded.

	I offered my bow again.

	“Do it again.”

	I did it again.

	“Do it again.”

	Again. Again. Again. Again. Sweat ran down my forehead and waist. The Heavenly Demon was still calm as ever.

	It took 336 bows to understand a person who died from poison. I needed 189 bows to imagine a person who died of illness. 510 bows had to be offered to depict a person who was beaten to death in a government office.

	I silently kneeled and placed my forehead on the floor, feeling the sweat crawl down my face.

	“…You’re upright, child.” The Heavenly Demon smiled. “There are children who are upright because of their prosperous births. However, some children are born ugly but become upright through their willpower. Child, you’re definitely one of the latter. What kind of life have you been leading that made you so upright?”

	Her smile was slightly sad. “What kind of life are you trying to live that makes you so upright…?”

	The candles flickered, making the shadows sway. The Heavenly Demon’s thin shadow overlapped with mine.

	“While the sun represents life, the shadows are pain,” she softly intoned. “The outlines of human lives are all different, but their pain overlaps with each other over and over. Humans don’t become humanity because they’re alive; humanity is the sum of their pain.”

	That was the doctrine of shadow.

	“If you say you’ll exchange pain with someone, that means that you’ll spend your life together with only that person. Those who are hurt by everyone are the people who want to be with everyone for all of their lives, child.”

	Only one person was left in this world to pass on the doctrine—the very same woman who was speaking to me right now.

	“Gong-Ja, people can not only decide who to hurt but also who will hurt them. The people you seek to save will never be absolutely good. Those you saved were not wholeheartedly noble. The ones you love will never be perfect.”

	The woman radiated the warmth of the candles.

	“If you’re still willing to let everyone hurt you and give them your flesh, the scratches they leave on your skin must be accidents from trying to hug you too tightly. Life is suffering, but the pain is only for humans to carry. Whish, whish, iwish. Your heart is a candle, so let it burn so that you may see others’ shadows.”

	The candle wax dripped down.

	“The eighth form of the Demonic Heaven Arts is Fire Death. Gong-Ja, bow with the heart of immolation.”

	I…

	“But you know I’m the Fire Emperor and you saw me killing the Saintess.”

	“So you should die.”

	“My name is Yoo Soo-Ha. Goodbye.”

	I offered my bow.

	The woman was quiet. I had heard her say, “Do it again,” 1035 times during my offering of bows, but her voice did not disturb the cave this time. It seemed that just one bow of Fire Death was enough.

	“…I see.”

	The Heavenly Demon’s voice trailed away like the melting candle wax.

	“The last form of the Demonic Heaven Arts… is not decided. In each generation, the cult leader turns their own death into the last form, so the ninth form of each person’s Demonic Heaven Arts is different. Offer the ninth bow with your death.”

	During my 4090 suicides, my neck hurt from stabbing it with the dagger. I had been afraid that I would miss the neck because of my shaking hands. I had been scared that I would suffer longer if I stabbed myself wrong, so I had bound my hands to the dagger handle using packing tape. It had seemed like the only way.

	The number of days I had to rewind was 4050, but I had died 4090 times. I had to do that because I had almost given up halfway and escaped from my death for a few days.

	However, there was someone I couldn’t forgive. I wasn’t sure if I could live on if I forgave him, so I had wrapped my hands in packing tape. My resolve had faded more and it had taken longer to confront my death. That meant that I had to kill myself several more times. I had forced my jumbled thoughts out of my mind and ignored my hesitation.

	Because I really wanted to live, I desperately died.

	I made suicide my last form and offered my bow to the Heavenly Demon. The shadow swayed.

	I noticed a little later that the Heavenly Demon had stood up and wrapped her arms around me.

	“Gong-Ja.”

	Two shadows overlapped in the cave.

	“My disciple.”

	“…Yes,” I answered.

	“You are my disciple.”

	“Yes.”

	“It doesn’t matter where you are. Wherever you go, you’ll always be Heavenly Demon Soh Baekhyang’s disciple, and our cult’s doctrines are in your heart. Even if the world falls, the Demon Heaven will continue as long as your heart does not stop.”

	“…Yes, Teacher,” I whispered.

	My neck ached. I realized now how painful those days were.

* * *

	1. Murim(武林) means a forest of martial arts. ☜

Chapter 79

The Scent of Snow (2)

	The Heavenly Demon and I made our way back to the Hunters and the Murim Alliance's leader after a long time.

	The two of us were silent as we walked through the cave.

	“…It’s very dark in front of us, so be careful where you step,” the Heavenly Demon said.

	“Yes, Teacher, ” I replied.

	That was the end of our conversation. She looked to be deep in thought. What was the Heavenly Demon—no, what was Teacher thinking?

	Show me the character window.

	It was said that a disciple shouldn’t even step on their teacher’s shadow, but it was hard to resist my curiosity. Could it be that Teacher had become cautious around me after I showed my weak side? That wasn’t what I wanted.

	Name: Soh Baekhyang

	Affection: 81

	Liked genre: Murim

	Disliked genre: Classic, legend, history, fairy tale

	Liked characters: Grassroots, rivals

	Disliked characters: Oppressors, hypocrites, bums

	Liked plot points: Full power fight

	Disliked plot points: Fleeing, oblivion, meaningless death

	State of mind: Judging from my remaining qi… I’ll be able to live for another year and six months if I use it sparingly. One and a half years! Woah, this is hard! I’ll have to teach everything to my disciple within one and a half years…

	Peeking into my Teacher’s mind without her permission made my conscience sting… but that wasn’t the only reason. I felt embarrassed, but I was also a bit touched. I didn’t really understand what I was feeling, but I could feel my face getting warmer. Maybe I really was weak to goodwill.

	—Man, Zombie! Today is really my day! I couldn’t have asked for more!

	Naturally, the moment didn’t last long because a ghost came along and obliterated the mood.

	—Well! It’s a different world, but the murim guys seem no different from those in my murim. The martial arts manuals aren’t that different. Still, it felt good to read them. It’s been a long time since I’ve done that. Man, this is great! Oh, right. Did your Nine Bows go well? the Guardian asked.

	—Huh? What’s with that sulky look? You’re already ugly, but you look even uglier with that face, Zombie. You could use some beauty treatments.

	If someone could see my affection, they would probably see it drop by ten points right now. Seriously, this ghost didn’t understand human emotions.

	[Shiny manages to stop sobbing and looks up at you.]

	Shiny finally stopped trembling. As expected, a Constellation understood human emotions. My Affection for Shiny just went up by thirty points.

	“Hey, you guys are back,” the Viper said, his one eye on me. “Are your Nine Bows over?”

	“Yes, I’ve officially become a disciple of the Heavenly Demon Cult.”

	“Congratulations.”

	“So how did you end up becoming a student of the Murim Alliance's leader?”

	The Viper crossed his arms and chuckled. “Well, it just happened.”

	“That’s what you said back then.”

	“What? You want to hear the details?”

	“Yes, if it’s okay.”

	Standing like an impregnable wall, the Viper smiled, then shook his head.

	“I’m sorry, but I can’t help you.” The Viper calmly continued, “I just asked him to be my teacher. Nothing else really happened.”

	Since the match was over, nothing held me back from opening the Viper’s character window.

	State of Mind: The dying old man… No. He’s my teacher now. Anyway, he’s much more skilled than me but he even bowed to me. He said he doesn’t have much time left to live and he wants to give the Heavenly Demon a reason to carry on. How can I say no to that…?

	I felt like someone hit me on the back of my head. The Viper was a real man.

	State of Mind: Phew~ Maybe it’s because I lied, but I can remember the moment vividly. I saw the occasional spar between the Murim Alliance's leader and the Heavenly Demon, so I always thought that those guys were amazing. That’s why I discussed martial arts with him when we were sitting together.

	Then the Murim Alliance's leader suddenly started shouting: “Ehhhhhh?! Oi, oi. Are you serious? Outer murim is blessed to have a genius like you!”

	I scratched the back of my head; it wasn’t really a big deal.

	“Ah, the Sect Master is my precious comrade, but I don’t know why you’re making a fuss about it,” the Medicine King interjected. “Isn’t it obvious that he got the skills, the heart, and the looks?”

	The Chemist, blushing, joined in: “Yes… Big Brother Vip— Ah, no! Ah, ah, I didn’t say anything! Anyway, the Sect Master is a High Ranker in our world… H-he’s like an idol that people in our world look up to…! Ahh… Ahhhhh… Ahhhhhh… Sob, sob. I’m so embarrassed!”

	The truth made my eyes glaze over.

	State of Mind: Then the Murim Alliance's leader nodded as if everything made sense. “Oi, oi, please!” he said. “You’re the greatest genius of all time, so please be my last direct disciple!”

	Phew~ This is a problem. I just want to live quietly, but my life is always in the spotlight.

	Okay. I should stop reading this. Regardless, the Viper was a real man.

	“Death King and Lady Heavenly Demon.” The real man of this era shrugged. “I have good news and bad news.”

	“What is it?” I asked.

	“We’ve succeeded.”

	The one who answered my question wasn’t Viper. The voice was much softer—it was the Chemist.

	The Chemist walked up to me.“I’ve successfully developed a cure, Mr. Death King.”

	The reason I didn’t say anything right away wasn’t because I was emotionally overwhelmed by the news. The Chemist was a genius, so I firmly believed that she would develop a cure someday. It was only a matter of time. I had spent a lot of time learning the Demonic Heaven Arts, so it was about time the Chemist finished the cure with the Medicine King’s help.

	“What?” Teacher was surprised. “The cure is complete? Is that true? If it’s a lie, then tell me now. I can forgive one lie.”

	“…Yes, it’s true,” the Chemist said. “Actually, it was completed yesterday. I waited another day because I needed to wait for the results of the clinical trial.”

	“A clinical trial? What do you mean by that?” Teacher asked.

	“I tested it on the test subject you and the Murim Alliance's leader donated… I’m sorry. I injected the cure on who used to be the Wudang Sect’s leader and observed the progress over the course of a day.”

	The Chemist seemed to be trying to look nonchalant.

	“It’s been too long since he died, so he couldn’t be revived. But the zombie virus—his jiangshi disease is cured, and I’ve confirmed that his body has returned to normal. Yes, there is nothing wrong with the cure.”

	“If that’s true, this is an incredibly joyous day!” Teacher exclaimed. “Amazing! All of the doctors and sages in the world tried to find the cure, but they all failed. Yet you managed to make the cure with just the two of you!”

	“No, it’s all thanks to the information Mr. Death King provided—”

	“You’re being too humble. Please treat Buwolseon right now!” Teacher grabbed the Chemist’s hands. Her joy was clearly evident in every movement. “That old man is acting all tough and mighty, but he doesn’t have much time left. He must have known it to take in a child from outer murim as his disciple. The Jade Emperor has truly blessed us with this timely cure!”

	“Yes… Of course I will treat both of you. That’s why I came here…”

	“There is something wrong with the cure,” I interrupted. “Am I wrong, Miss Chemist?”

	The Chemist’s head drooped, hiding her expression from us. Ever since she had said, “We successfully developed a cure,” the Chemist kept avoiding my eyes, so I had been feeling uneasy.

	“No, there’s nothing wrong with the cure… I made it, it's perfect. But…” The Chemist trailed off.

	“But what?” I asked.

	“They say we have to shut down our dantian,” It was Buwolseon, the Murim Alliance's leader. The old man in the white robe slowly walked toward us. “Demon, I also witnessed his corpse return to normal. We brought in a couple more jiangshi soldiers to test them just in case, but the results were the same. There’s no doubt about the cure’s effectiveness.

	“You and I both know that we are already half-corpses. We should have become corpses ages ago, but we’ve been sustaining our bodies against the laws of nature.”

	Teacher’s face was dark.

	The Murim Alliance's leader stroked his beard. “Haha, it was a miracle that we’ve survived this long. It’s time to pay the price.”

	“…It’s been too long since the two of you were infected with the jiangshi disease. If you haven't been infected yet or were only in the early stages of the infection, one shot of the cure would fix you, but you two…”

	The Chemist ducked her head.

	“There’s nothing wrong with anything above the acupoint between your brain and spine. The cure will return the region to normal, just like before you were infected. However, below the acupoint, the virus—I mean, the corrupted energy—is completely indistinguishable from what you call qi.

	“The condition of your lower dantians is especially bad. The corrupted energy travels by the same passages as your qi does. It’s like cleaning a hallway. The cure isn’t a delicate pair of trash tongs, but a broom. You can’t pick out just the dust and sand while sweeping the hallway. Your hallways are covered in too much dust, especially your lower dantians…”

	The dantian was where qi accumulated, so it was as precious as life itself to martial artists.

	“They need to be taken out.”

	“…Take it out…? What do you mean when you say ‘take them out’?” Teacher asked.

	The Chemist had to force herself to finish the explanation. “They have to be removed through surgery.”

	“…Are you saying that you’re going to remove the tumor from our lower dantians? That’s fine,” Teacher said, trying to be optimistic. “We’ll lose some of our qi, but people like us can quickly recover from that much.”

	“No, your lower dantians will be removed completely. You don’t have to worry about the surgery failing. A trial surgery has already been done. I’m not a specialist in surgery, but Mr. Medicine King is, and I’m still good enough to assist him, so…”

	“Their skills are amazing,” the Murim Alliance's leader interrupted. “I don’t know much, but I think I’ll be looking for a doctor from outer murim the next time I need one. I watched the surgery from the side, and it was incredible. Demon, you should also come and watch when you get the chance.”

	“Namgung Woon.” Teacher turned to look at him.

	“I…” The Murim Alliance's leader coughed. “I’m going to have the surgery. Even if I’m going to lose my qi, it’s only a handful. It isn’t much to worry about. It’s fortunate that I could take in a disciple near the end. Even after closing my dantian, my mind will still be clear, so I’ll be able to teach my disciple. He’s a genius like no other and absorbs my teaching like a sponge.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader looked at his old rival. “We’re martial artists. Martial arts are about the mind. If we still have our clear minds, our martial arts remain. Aren’t I right, Baekhyang?”

	Try as she might, Teacher couldn’t answer him.

	The Murim Alliance's leader's surgery went on all night. At dawn, the Chemist and the Medicine King told me that the surgery was complete and had been successful.

	* * *

	Dawn decorated the snowfield in shadows.

	“Teacher.”

	She stood alone at the cave’s entrance, looking down at the dimly lit world. As distant as the scene was, she seemed even further away. Her long black sleeves fluttered in the wind.

	“Teacher,” I repeated.

	“…Is the surgery over?”

	“Yes, it is.”

	“How did it go?”

	“He’s well.”

	“Is that so?”

	“It went well.”

	“I see.” Her gaze was fixed on the air. “My disciple.”

	“Yes, Teacher.”

	“I wanted to slay all of the cold in the world,” Teacher said. “Since I was young, I resented winter and the snow that fell during the season. Why does the world have to have seasons? And why did winter have to be one of them? Why did people’s lives have to perish at the end of every season? I always wondered.”

	The world was now frozen in eternal winter, but the woman born with the Icesnow Body and the Ultimate Yin Body hated the season that was most like her.

	“I can’t cut the cold, but I was confident that I could punish those who froze the world. That is when I first went out into murim. It was the middle of winter back then, too.”

	I knew that something was different about Teacher. She was holding a sword in her right hand. It had no guard, consisting only of the hilt and the blade. Unlike the other swords that were polished to a mirror sheen, Teacher’s blade was pitch black almost as if it refused to be clear.

	I could surmise what the sword was.

	“The Bloodbane Demon Sword…”

	“When I first went into murim, there was something I tried. I was acting childish, but I embraced the world’s cold literally and decided to cut down a snowy mountain.” Teacher exhaled deeply, her breath emerging as puffs of white.

	High, white mountains scraped the bottom of the dawning sky.

	“Back then, I couldn’t even cut off the foot of the mountain…” The Teacher raised her sword. “I wonder what I’m like now.”

	Teacher slowly swung her sword. Her sleeves were long, so they fluttered behind the blade with an almost exaggerated slowness. It seemed as if time stopped as her sleeves swam through the air.

	“Whish, whish, iwish.” The shaman of the sword danced with her sword. “My heart is a candle, and it’ll burn this place.”

	And then it was cut. The snowy peak had no trees, exposed rocks, or any significance except for its mere presence, but it was cut down all the same. The mountain’s scream was like thunder. As it echoed outward, a rush of white blood burst out as the peak collapsed; the waves of snow overlapped with one another, furthering the mountain’s fall. A human-made snowstorm blotted out the dawn.

	Teacher’s cloudy breath drifted through the air.

	“In my mind, I cut down the entire mountain, but I couldn’t. I only managed to cut down the peak this time. I’m far away from achieving Mind-Kill. This is the final level I’ll be able to reach.”

	The huge, white mountain crumbled.

	“My disciple.” Teacher looked back at me. “I’ll have the surgery.”

Chapter 80

The Scent of Snow (3)

	Teacher couldn’t receive the surgery right away.

	“I’m sorry. I-I need to rest for a little while…”

	The Murim Alliance's leader’s surgery had finished only a moment ago, so both the Chemist and the Medicine King were exhausted. She collapsed and fell asleep right away, and he was blankly sitting in the hot spring, his mouth hanging open.

	Teacher frowned and looked down at the Murim Alliance's leader. “I heard you lost your dantian, so I came here to see that in person, old man.”

	“Nonsense right from the first visitor. Alright, look all you want.”

	“How are you feeling?”

	Lying on a mat, the Murim Alliance's leader giggled. “I feel as light as a feather. I feel like I’m going to transcend.”

	“Too much crap is also an illness. You haven’t even gone through metamorphosis…”

	The Murim Alliance's leader quietly laughed on. “You look lighthearted as well, demon. Have you decided to receive the surgery?”

	“…Yes, I have.” Teacher sighed. “I just poured out a year’s worth of my qi to wield my sword as freely as I want for the last time in my life.”

	“Wow!” The Murim Alliance's leader’s eyes sparkled. “It must’ve been a spectacular sight. It’s a shame I didn’t get to see that because I’m stuck in bed. So? What did you cut?”

	“I tried to cut the winter, but I couldn’t. I’m far, far away from the Life and Death Tier.”

	“Oh, what a pity. Well, don’t let it get to you. No one’s ever reached that level. If it were as easy as all that, the history of murim would have changed six times already.” The Murim Alliance's leader laughed heartily.

	Teacher gave him a long, thoughtful look. “Namgung Woon, you…”

	“I don’t regret it at all,” the Murim Alliance's leader firmly stated. “The world is a mess; it’s a wonder that we endured for three years. The wonderful doctors from outer murim came to treat us.

	“I had thought the Righteous Faction was going to die out, but I took in a disciple. It’s wonderful! Wonders form a miracle, don’t they? I’m just grateful for the miracle I received. Hmm. The only regret I might have is that I didn’t get to end the Great War of Good and Evil with you, demon. But, well, there’s no such thing as a perfect life. I’m sure our disciples will finish it nicely.”

	“Yes, I’m sure they will.” Teacher smiled slightly, but it was bittersweet. Still, when she turned to me I could see the faith in her gaze. “I can accept this ending.”

	That wasn’t the face of a person who was happy—she was simply willing to accept her ending. No matter how sweet a candy was, it should be allowed to melt in the mouth before swallowing it. Perhaps Teacher was chewing over her coming end.

	I nodded. “Teacher, I’m going to be away for a bit.”

	“What are you talking about? Where would you go in this ruined world?”

	“Your disciple is going to get some fresh air. Don’t worry.”

	“…That makes me even more worried for some reason.” Teacher’s eyebrows furrowed. “Are you trying to get involved in something dangerous?”

	“Teacher, I’ll return before your surgery is over. I’ll make sure of it.” I gave her the bao quan salute. It was awkwardly executed, but I was confident that it had all of my heart in it. “Don’t worry about anything, Teacher. Your disciple will be waiting right by your side when you open your eyes after the surgery is over.”

	Teacher accepted her ending. Now it was time for me to give her her life back.

	* * *

	I left the cave and crossed the snowfield. As I walked, I thought about how this world had looked before its fall. Would murim have been a thick, vast forest? Had gangho had rivers and lakes?[1]

	Past what would have been part of a thick forest with rivers, Preta waited, kneeling.

	“Master, I have completed your order.”

	“You found them all?”

	“Yes,” Preta answered with her head bowed. A dusting of snowflakes lay on her hair, showing how long she had been waiting. “I did as you ordered me, Master.”

	I had given Preta an order before;

	“There will be martial artist jiangshi sporadically scattered around the area.”

	“Find them.”

	“Find the demons in black training suits and the warriors in white.”

	Many jiangshi were lost in snowstorms in the last three years of the Great War of Good and Evil.

	“We’ve found a total of 917 missing jiangshi. 439 of them are those you called demons; 478 jiangshi are warriors in white.

	“There were 560 demon jiangshi and 521 Righteous Path jiangshi gathered nearby.” Preta bowed her head deeper. “We’ve brought all of the 1998 jiangshi here.”

	Behind her slender shoulders, jiangshi were lined up on the snowfield, my skeleton army holding down each of the jiangshi from both sides. It was morning, and jiangshi were weak to sunlight, so they wouldn’t move, but even if clouds covered the sun, the jiangshi wasn’t going to go out of control instantly.

	“Okay. Good.” I nodded. “Bring the jiangshi to me one by one.”

	“Yes, Master.”

	The skeletons dragged one of the jiangshi in front of me. When it arrived, I had already drawn my holy sword. The winter was cold, but my slash across the winter air would be colder.

	…Whish…

	A wind blew over us. Just as rainfall gathered into a lake, the wind blew into the valley we were in. During its stay in the valley, the wind took after a human voice.

	…Whish…

	The wind recited a prayer carried from far away. All of the sounds that fell into the valley were hauntingly human. I let the wind blowing through the valley whisper into my ears and swung my sword.

	…Iwish…

	The jiangshi’s head was split open in one strike.

	I let out a deep exhale as I cut down those who were now corpses. The jiangshi’s heads burst open with a messy explosion of fragments.

	“Next!”

	“Understood!” Preta gestured at the skeletons, who quickly brought the next jiangshi.

	When I was on a roll, Preta quickly brought the jiangshi in front of me, but slowed down when I looked tired.

	“Faster! I’ll finish this before sunset today!” I shouted.

	“Yes, Master!”

	We carried on with our execution ceremony as relentlessly as the wind carried its sound. We had a total of 1998 corpses. Even though they didn’t move or resist, it wasn’t easy to do it all with one sword.

	I panted.

	For a long time, I had been thinking about how I could make the perfect ending. What kind of ending would satisfy Teacher completely? How could a person’s life be complete? I wanted that for Teacher with all my heart, and that was why I was able to come to a conclusion.

	It wasn’t enough for me to become her disciple.

	The bad ending was if Teacher went mad. That was undoubtedly bad, but did that mean that becoming her disciple was the happy ending? Would Teacher be satisfied with this ending?

	No—this was a normal ending. Actually, me becoming her disciple barely met the standards of an ending. Although even if I were to declare that it was over right now, the Indoor Librarian would probably accept it and this world would become the twenty-second floor… I would never be satisfied with it.

	“Master, please endure a little longer! Only half of them are left now!”

	[Shiny cheers for you as hard as she can!]

	The sun was already setting. The sky turned red, and the snowfield was colored purple. I wasn’t sure how long it had been now. It had to have been around seven or eight hours. Anyhow, I swung my sword without stopping. My clothes were soaked with sweat and pieces of flesh.

	“These are the last ten, Master!” Preta shouted.

	I looked up, and indeed, only five each of the demons and the followers of the Righteous Path remained. I tightly gripped my sword despite my labored breath.

	A little more.

	“Only five are left!”

	Just a little more.

	“This is the last one!”

	When I crushed the head of a demon in the black uniform, its frozen brain shattered like ice. Immediately after cutting down the 1,998th jiangshi, my knees gave out and I collapsed into the snowfield, my lungs burning.

	“Great work, Master! That was quite a trial!” Preta was so happy that she almost jumped up and down, even though she had also been worked to the bone for nearly half a day.

	Preta had always been emotionless since I had taken her under my shadow. This seemed like the first time I had seen her so genuinely happy.

	“Why are you so happy?” I asked after catching my breath.

	When Preta realized that she was smiling, she quickly regained her poker face. “…My heart swelled when I imagined what you’re going to show everyone, Master. I haven’t met your teacher in person, but I’m certain that she’ll be happy… very, very happy.”

	“Yeah.” I smiled, lying on the snow. “I hope she’ll be very happy.”

	The cure was developed, and I was officially Teacher’s disciple. Lastly, I also had the Guardian’s permission. By no means had it been easy to get here, but finally… I was ready to see the ending of this world.

	* * *

	A week passed. Teacher and the Murim Alliance's leader had spent it recuperating. Fortunately, there was no need to arrange separate recovery facilities. This cave with its hot spring was already perfect.

	“Hmm, I feel so empty now that my dantian is closed.”

	“I can’t even accumulate a spoonful of qi even if I do Qi Alignment. Now that I don’t have any qi, I feel uneasy for no good reason. This must be what those people who can’t use martial arts feel like…”

	“Actually, I feel at ease now. These last years didn’t feel like living! I had to block the acupoint, make my heart beat, and on and on.” The Murim Alliance's leader settled into the hot spring and let out a long, weary sigh. “I feel like I’m finally living my life again because I can just breathe without needing to do anything else! This is all thanks to those children from outer murim.”

	“T-thank you for waiting…” The Chemist stammered as she slowly wrapped up Teacher’s examination. “Today’s check-up is over. I found no issue in either of you. I think we can say that you two are completely healed. E-even if you get bitten by a jiangshi again, you won’t get infected again…”

	“Thank you.” Teacher patted the Chemist’s head, making the younger woman’s shoulders twitch in surprise. “That old man and I owe you our lives. It isn’t easy to help complete strangers.”

	“N-no… I did what I had to do as a medical practitioner.”

	“That’s an incredible way of thinking; it’s even more amazing to actually practice what you think. You’re an amazing child.”

	“Ah. So, that’s…” The Chemist couldn’t move away from Teacher’s caress. Although she looked very embarrassed, she didn’t seem to hate it.

	It felt good to see them as close as sisters. However, I couldn’t just stand around smiling.

	“Hmm. Miss Chemist, is it okay for the two of them to move now?”

	“Oh. Yes, yes! I scheduled the recovery period a little longer just in case. They can move around or exercise without any problems.”

	Okay.

	“Teacher; sir. Why don’t we go for a walk together?”

	“A walk?” Teacher tilted her head. “I’m very happy to get some fresh air with my disciple… but why are you asking that old man too? Gong-Ja, even a pleasant walk will feel like trudging through a pig pen if you go with that old man.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader scoffed. “I’d refuse a walk with an old demon and a young demon before you could even offer. Have a good time. You and your student’s dullness will be a great conversation topic during your stroll.”

	Their reaction was as expected.

	“No.” I shook my head quietly. “I need both of you to come with me.”

	“Hmm…?”

	Teacher and the Murim Alliance's leader locked eyes. They seemed to have noticed that I wasn’t suggesting an ordinary walk. They looked like they didn’t have any idea what I could be up to but seemed intrigued nonetheless.

	“Alright. It seems my disciple is up to something. Although I don’t feel like going for a walk with that old man, I’ll gladly play along.”

	“Well, it’ll be trivial if it’s something that the young demon planned. I don’t expect much.”

	We left the cave. It was cold; just like the first day we fell into the Heavenly Demon Chronicle, today was also winter. The only difference from that day was that neither Teacher nor the Murim Alliance's leader could use their qi. Never again.

	I held Teacher’s hand with my right hand and the hand of the Murim Alliance's leader with my left. That way, I could use my aura to deliver warmth.

	“Teacher,” I said.

	“Yeah.”

	“Sir.”

	“Yup,” the Murim Alliance's leader answered.

	“You two said that your only regret is that you couldn’t finish the Great War of Good and Evil. Instead, it is something that your disciples will have to finish…”

	Relying on the warmth I delivered, we crossed the snowfield in the cold winter. Perhaps it felt awkward to come out for the first time after a week, or it could be that they weren’t used to having to walk without their qi. Teacher and the Murim Alliance's leader walked a little awkwardly.

	“But I don’t agree. The Great War of Good and Evil is your war. Even if I and the OJP Sect Master fight, it’s just a match, not a great war. You two are the ones who have protected the Heavenly Demon Cult and the Righteous Faction until now. Only your fight can be the Great War of Good and Evil.”

	“Gong-Ja…?” Teacher gave me a confused look.

	We arrived at the snowfield.

	“Thank you for not giving up for three years.”

	The shadowy forest of jiangshi was now just an empty snowfield without a single jiangshi.

	“Thank you for finding and collecting the jiangshi every day. If the two of you had given up and treated them as mere corpses, leaving them to disappear, I would never have been able to get them back.”

	I slowly opened my mouth to give them back the lives they lost and the sight they deserved to enjoy.

	“Monster Legion Reincarnation.”

	My shadow spread across the snowfield.

	[Activating the Skill Monster Legion Reincarnation.]

	One by one, snowman-like figures rose from my shadow. Some figures were wearing black martial arts training suits while several others had fluttering white sleeves. As they slowly took on the form of a human, the figures looked down at their hands, surprised.

	But none of them would have been as surprised as Teacher and the Murim Alliance's leader were.

	“Gong-Ja, what in the world is this…?”

	“You can think of it as a dream or a side effect of losing your dantians. You could also imagine that I know a strange Taoist technique that can temporarily recreate the dead by bringing back their memories and bodies.” I squeezed their hands. “Lady Heavenly Demon, and Sir Righteous Faction Leader.”

	The activation of Monster Legion Reincarnation was complete.

	One thousand elite demons of the Heavenly Demon Cult stood on the snowfield. One thousand elite warriors of the Righteous Faction were facing the demons.

	“The Heavenly Demon Cult’s rule isn’t over. Murim hasn’t forgotten its honor, and honor hasn’t been lost in murim. The Heavenly Demon Cult’s fate isn’t something that corpses can eat away, nor shall the Righteous Faction’s murim fall because of jiangshi.”

	These two people’s wish was to have a true Great War of Good and Evil.

	“When the Heavenly Demon Cult disappears, it should be by the Righteous Faction’s sword. If the Righteous Faction should end, it has to be brought down by the Heavenly Demon Cult’s hands.

	“I beseech the heaven of the Demonic Cult and the leader of the Righteous Faction.” I smiled and offered them my bao quan salute. “Please decide the last ruler of murim.”

* * *

	1. Gangho’s hanja: (江湖). Gangho means ‘a world’, but its hanja are a mix of rivers+lakes. ☜

Chapter 81

The World’s Smallest (1)

	People’s murmurs flowed over the snowfield.

	“What in the world is going on?”

	“A-am I alive……?”

	“Is this paradise…?”

	The last thing they remembered was their own death; this was true for both the Heavenly Demon Cult followers and the Righteous Faction warriors. They may remember being bitten by jiangshi, but they probably didn’t remember being turned into one themselves. For them, years had passed in the blink of an eye.

	However, there were people who had lived through the entire three years. Teacher stared disbelievingly at the snowfield.

	“Gong-Ja…”

	“Yes, Teacher.”

	“Are you from outside this world, not outer murim? This… This is absolutely not the kind of sorcery that a human can use. This kind of sorcery only shows up in the most fantastical legends. Or did I die and arrive in paradise without realizing…?”

	“No, no, you didn’t.” I shook my head. “Those people can no longer use martial arts like you. They’re also much weaker than they were before their death. This isn’t paradise, but they still have their memories from life. Why don’t you go and see for yourself? Go on, Teacher.”

	Teacher’s feet crunched softly through the snow. Those footsteps were the sound of a martial artist who was left only with the traces of her three-year fight against the illness, having lost her dantian and qi.

	With light footsteps, the Heavenly Demon, my teacher, approached her followers, who were struggling to understand their situation.

	“Stay calm! W-we need to figure out what’s happening first. I’ll send out scouts—!”

	“Blood Demon Senior Captain,” Teacher softly said.

	A dozen demons, startled, fell silent. Then they looked at her, their teacher and leader, as if they had met an alien.

	“Lady Heavenly Demon…?”

	“Blood Demon Senior Captain.” Teacher gasped, her breath billowing in front of her. “It really is you.”

	The silence was contagious. At first, it was only about ten people, but it spread to those around them by the dozens. Soon enough, hundreds of them had caught onto the mood. The snowfield was quiet.

	“Moonlight Demon King…”

	“Yes, I’m here.”

	“Ghostfire Demon King.”

	“Yes, Lady Heavenly Demon.”

	“Sword Demon Senior Captain…”

	“I am at your service.”

	Teacher called out to each of her followers one by one. The followers who were called simply knelt down without question, pressing the snow flat underneath their knees.

	“I lost you…” Teacher reached out her hand. “I lost every single one of you…”

	She caressed one of her follower’s cheeks. “My children……”

	Her fingers were trembling. Seeing her tremble, the demons quickly averted their gaze. It seemed that not seeing what they shouldn’t was a sign of loyalty. All of her followers turned their gazes to the ground.

	Of course, they weren’t the only ones shocked.

	“…Oh, my.” The old monk stroked his beard. “I’m sure I made my grave in the cave and crossed the river to the underworld, but I feel like I’m still in the snowfield, not nirvana…”

	“M-monky!”

	“…And there’s also a devil among them. Oh, boy. It looks like I’m fated to see that person even after my death. What is the Supreme Buddha trying to show me?”

	“It is you, monky! You're as full of shit as ever.” The Murim Alliance's leader ran over and hugged the old monk tightly.

	I could guess who that old monk was—he must be the abbot of the Shaolin Temple. Aside from Teacher and the leader of the Righteous Faction, he had lasted the longest.

	“You came back to life, my friend!” the Murim Alliance's leader shouted.

	“I’m not your friend.”

	“Ah! The Jade Emperor must have blessed us with this miracle!”

	“You sound like a dog eating grass,” the monk grumbled.

	In other words, the Murim Alliance's leader was speaking bullshit.

	“Don’t pollute my mind with your nonsense, you. I shouldn’t have fallen for your talk and fought those evil monsters in the first place. It would have been better to quietly enter Nirvana from the temple.”

	“Ahhhh! I know you’re the monky I know because the joy of meeting you again is quickly dying. I really want to punch you in the face!” the Murim Alliance's leader answered with a smile.

	The followers of the Heavenly Demon Cult were quiet, while the warriors of the Righteous Faction were noisy. They were each enjoying their reunion in their own way.

	Time passed. The first one to turn her dark eyes to me was Teacher. We exchanged glances. My heart was being engraved on her heart.

	“…I…” she began. “I am Soh Baekhyang, the heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult. I also go by the name of Heavenly Demon.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader paused his reunion with his comrades. After letting them go from his arms, he looked across the snow at Teacher. Teacher gave him the bao quan salute.

	“If today is just a blind man’s dream, I would still be happy.”

	It was midday.

	“I wouldn’t mind even if it was a hallucination,” Teacher exclaimed, her voice mixed with laughter.

	The snow blanketing the field wasn’t perpetual because it didn’t melt under the sun, it was eternal because new snow constantly fell to replace what the sun melted, over and over.

	“Even if the Heavenly Demon Cult’s murim was just a fleeting daydream. Life belongs to those who decided to suffer from the same disease, and the world is owned by those who promised to share the same dream.”

	When a human wanted to stay white under the blazing sunlight, wishing to be born white wasn’t enough. They had to be prepared to be broken into pieces, shattered, and scattered, dispersing their color across the world.

	“I haven’t forgotten the name of the disease I decided to suffer from, and the heat of the dream I promised to dream yet remains the same. I haven’t given up on anyone or anywhere yet. Whish! The name of my disease, not that of my martial arts, is a testament to my existence. The heat of my dream is my proof, not my qi.”

	Flurries of snow fell upon the field.

	“I’m right here, and I’ll be myself only while I’m here.”

	They melted, but more snow fell.

	“I am where I belong. I challenge you for the 990th time.”

	The field went quiet. Even the boisterous warriors of the Righteous Faction were silent.

	These warriors were the last masters and grandmasters of murim. They had been fighting the great war until they met their end, so there was no way they would dare act rashly in this moment. If the words chosen at the last moment of life were a will, it was time for the Righteous Path to write their will. The path followers looked at the one who would carry their path’s will.

	“I am Namgung Woon, the leader of the Martial Alliance and the Grand Patriarch of the Namgung Clan.” He gave Teacher the bao quan salute. “I also go by the name of Buwolseon.”

	A thousand demons and a thousand warriors of the Righteous Path faced each other.

	“Your Heavenly Demon Cult made the screams of the common people your doctrine. The screams have become revenge, and that revenge became massacres that stained the world red. The entire world bleeds, but you bloodthirsty, vengeful ghosts still act like the weak.”

	The voice of the Murim Alliance's leader drew a sharp line between the demons and the white warriors.

	“You all just cry and cry, clinging to the Heavenly Demon’s sleeves. You beg her to take your revenge in your place. It’s like you are trying to stay weak, tragic people by holding onto her sleeves!

	“No!” the Righteous Faction’s old leader roared. “You all have hands and feet too. How much longer are you going to dwell on the ghosts of your past? Hwaeom[1] said that even a tree has to let go of its flowers in order to bear fruit. How about you? You are all just pawning off your flower gardens!”

	The demons started growling. Their hands tightened around their swords. Their spirits became venomous and murderous. In response, the warriors of the Righteous faction bristled. Neither side had any qi, but the tension was thick.

	“Good.” Teacher smirked. “I’ll take that as a yes.”

	“Indeed.”

	“Shall we fight until one of us is incapacitated or dead?”

	“We shall fight until one of us is dead.”

	“I accept.”

	The Murim Alliance's leader nodded.

	The two martial artists ended their salute.

	At the same time, a thousand demons and another thousand white warriors drew their swords. With the sun high overhead, the two thousand blades shone brightly.

	“Children of the demonic heaven!” Teacher clenched her fists. “You can believe that today is just a dream or an illusion!”

	“Whish!” all of the demons shouted together.

	“You can call today an empty dream!”

	“Whish!”

	“So live like a dream!” Teacher yelled.

	“Iwish!”

	“Our hearts are candles!”

	“We will burn this place!” her followers chanted.

	“This is the Heavenly Demon Cult’s murim!”

	“The world is owned by the grassroots!”

	Teacher burst into laughter. “Kill them!”

	The battle began. The demons ran, howling like beasts. No magical foot art or Lightness Art was used. They charged the enemy and bit them like animals, fighting their holy war according to their doctrine.

	“You hypocrites! I am the Moonlight Demon King, the strongest of the Heavenly Demon Cult’s Four Demon Kings! Face my sword!”

	“You seem to be my worthy opponent! I am the grandmaster of the Wudang Sect!”

	The Moonlight Demon King, the senior captain of the Heavenly Demon Cult’s Deceased Shadow Unit, and the Profound Void Grandmaster of the Wudang Sect crossed blades. Despite their formal introduction, the fight was extremely savage. The demon king struck the grandmaster in the face with the hilt of his sword, scattering fragments of his teeth through the air.

	The Profound Void Grandmaster bared his bloody, broken teeth and roared as he jammed his fingers into the Moonlight Demon King’ eyes. The demon king’s laughter drowned out the sound of his eyes bursting.

	The grandmaster’s howls and the laughter of the demon blended together.

	Another demon in black and a warrior in white confronted each other.

	“I am the Ghostfire Demon King, the strongest of the Four Demon Kings. I’m here to take your head.”

	“Namo Amitabha. My name is Jomyeong.”

	The Ghostfire Demon King, the senior captain of the Heavenly Demon Cult’s Requiem Unit, and Zen Master Jomyeong, the Abbot of the Shaolin Temple.

	“As the strongest of the Four Demon Kings, I’ll be merciful and let you make three attacks.”

	“That is very polite of you to Buddhists! Don’t lose that respect!”

	The zen master immediately pounced at the demon king, swinging his fist wrapped in his japamala[2].

	Despite his words, the demon king instantly ducked and then sprang up, headbutting the zen master in the stomach.

	Zen Master Jomyeong let out a groan and laughed dryly. “Didn’t you say that you would let me make three attacks before you make a move?”

	“You believed that?”

	“Did it look like I believed it?”

	“Yes.”

	A trickle of blood interrupted the Ghostfire Demon King.

	“That’s how it looked.”

	The demon king fell to his knees. His nose was broken after the fierce headbutt. Just before the demon king’s head hit, the zen master had thrown his knee up, intercepting the demon king’s attack.

	Zen Master Jomyeong admired the Ghostfire Demon King’s bloodied face, happily stroking his beard. “I see that my acting skills haven't gone rusty.”

	“You damn monk…”

	“Take two more of my attacks!” The zen master grabbed the demon king by the ears and kneed him again.

	The demon king took advantage of the situation to headbutt the zen master’s knee instead, smashing the cartilage with a meaty crunch. The zen master yelped and jumped up and down, holding onto his knee.

	“Hahahahaha! These guys are basically thugs without their qi! This must be their true level after all! Good! Today is a good day to expose the Righteous Path bastards to the world!"

	“…Vulgar. How vulgar…”

	Two swordsmen—the Sword Demon King, the senior captain of the Heavenly Demon Cult’s Execution Unit and the Ten Thousand Chaotic Blossom Sword, elder of the Mount Hua Sect—were the next to clash.

	As soon as their swords met, both of them screamed and clutched their hands. Neither of them could handle the impact of their strikes—however, neither of them let go of their swords.

	The Sword Demon King laughed, baring his teeth. "Tsk… Stop acting tough and drop it already."

	“I could say the same…” the Ten Thousand Chaotic Blossom Sword answered through gritted teeth.

	When their eyes met, the two attacked again. This time, they held back their screams. The next time, they let a gasp slip out. On their third, their hands and shoulders began to tremble. Both of their hands were torn and bleeding. They bit down on their lips to endure the pain, but their lips bled like their palms—and still, neither let go of their swords.

	The white uniform sleeves fluttered, and the hem of the black robes flew. Between the sun and the shadows it cast across the snow, the Righteous Faction and the Heavenly Demon Cult did battle, blood gushing all across the snowfield.

	“This is the Heavenly Demon Cult’s murim! The world is owned by the grassroots!”

	“Ahhhhhhhhhhhh! Die! Die!”

	“You Moyong bastards. Come out here, now!”

	The colorless world wasn’t being brought to life by brilliant martial arts—it was red human blood.

	“Hah, haha… Hahaha.”

	A particularly red laugh erupted from within.

	“Hahahaha! Ha! Ha, ahahahahaha!”

	It was the laughter of true madness.

	“There are many of Righteous Path’s minions, aren’t there!” Teacher shouted. “Good. Come at me. Let us cross blades.”

	A shadow ran wild between the Righteous Faction warriors. It seemed as if the sun rose and set dozens of times. She was a woman with no qi and had battled illness for three years, yet her movements stood out most among the martial artists who were also unable to use martial arts.

	“Absurd!” Teacher laughed. “You, abbot of the Shaolin Temple, do you really think you could stop me with such cheap tricks? The same goes for you, sage of the Wudang Sect. Do you believe you can handle the karma of my cult?”

	I was familiar with those words, but Teacher was speaking them for the first time.

	“Mount Song is swamped with the world’s overflowing resentment. The burning rage razed Mount Wudang. The Heavenly Demon Cult is the heaven of the martial arts world, and I am the heaven of my cult. Are you truly qualified to discuss the sky above the sky!? You minions of the righteous path aren’t going to cut it!” Teacher roared.

	“Namgung Woon!”

	Even amid the sounds of clashing swords and crushing flesh, Teacher’s voice was clear.

	“Call of the Grand Patriarch of the Namgung Clan! Bring me the Murim Alliance's leader! No matter how dense the forests are or how vast the sky is in murim, only one person in this world can take on my sword! My Four Demon Kings! Get Namgung Woon in front of me, immediately!”

	The red laughter was ecstatic.

	The Murim Alliance's leader took a step into the increasingly red world.

	“This reminds me of the first day of the great war,” he remarked.

	His top was off. It was a cold winter, and he had no qi, so the cold would be biting down to his very bones. However, he used it to stiffen his wire-thin muscles like armor.

	“Because we couldn’t finish it on that day, the great war went on to the next day. Even on the next day, we weren’t able to see the end, so it extended another day. Now that I think of it, I got off on the wrong foot on the first day! I should have put all my power into it from the beginning.” The Murim Alliance's leader took a deep breath. Then he got into a stance and gestured at Teacher. “Attack, demon. The heavens are with me today.”

	Buwolseon, the leader of the Murim Alliance.

	“The heavens… Nice.” Teacher stepped through the snow. “That’s because the heavens decided to take you today.”

	The Heavenly Demon, the heaven of the Heavenly Demon Cult.

	On their first breath, the two glared at each other. After half a breath, they walked toward each other. When their breaths fell out of sync, the two made their moves.

	The flurries of white snow whirled around flying black hair as red blood was scattered.

* * *

	1. He’s a monk from Shilla, an ancient Korean kingdom. ☜

	2. Buddhist prayer beads ☜

Chapter 82

The World’s Smallest (2)

	“Ha!” Teacher laughed. “Haahahaha! Haha!”

	Her broken nose dripped blood onto the snow. Teacher swung her fist. Her uppercut hit the Murim Alliance's leader square on the jaw, making him stumble. Teacher didn’t miss the opportunity and pounced on him, biting his ear off.

	“Ugh! Gah…! Grr! Argh…! You bastard…!” The Murim Alliance's leader shoved Teacher away, but his ear was long gone. His quiet scream echoed across the snowfield.

	Teacher spat his bloody ear into the snow. The corners of her mouth were stained bright red. She smiled out of satisfaction with the result of her hunt, looking like a real bloodthirsty demon. “Phew! that tastes filthy! Does the Namgung Clan’s lofty mind arts not help you improve the quality of your flesh?”

	“You demon, do you even enjoy human flesh now? I already know you’re a demon; you don’t have to prove it again!”

	“And you’ve got all the vigor of wilted spinach, old man. But you did make a good point.” Teacher wiped her mouth with the back of her hand. “The Great War of Good and Evil should have ended on the first day, but both you and I retreated on that day. I thought I was fighting with everything I had, but I wasn’t. I didn’t put my life on the line! Today’s fight is the second chance that I would never have gotten.”

	Teacher looked at me. Her dark eyes were filled with warm, gentle affection. “I can’t foolishly repeat the same mistake. Buwolseon, I’m going to put everything into this fight today.”

	“…Are you trying to use your vital force?”

	“Yes, I am.”

	Vital force was the energy that everyone obtained at birth. In other words, it was vitality itself. Unlike qi, vital force couldn’t be accumulated artificially. There was no way to regain it after it had been used.

	The ending of a martial artist was decided as soon as they used their vitality: they either died or stayed in bed for the rest of their lives. Tapping into their vital force was the last resort for martial artists, only done when they were fighting with their backs against the wall.

	“…Demon, you and I are both weak now anyway,” the Murim Alliance's leader said. The loss of an ear, made his expression menacing. “Even if we use our vital force, we can only demonstrate low or intermediate skills since we don’t have any qi nor our dantians… Do you realize that?”

	“I’m aware.”

	“Are you trying to draw out your vital force just so that you can be an intermediate-tier martial artist at best?”

	“Yes, I am.” Teacher smiled. “Don’t get angry, Namgung Woon. I’m not trying to throw away my life. Not at all. My last day will arrive someday; I just hope that today will be the day.

	“I couldn’t be happier to be alive right now. I’ll be forever grateful. I’m grateful to myself for surviving until today, and I want to express my gratitude for this fate that will allow me to die today.”

	“You’re still grateful even though the world has perished?”

	“Yes, I am. I’m grateful for all those people my destiny brought me.” Teacher slowly took her stance, placing her right hand forward and her left hand back. “Now that I look back, I believe I’m a truly happy warrior.”

	A cold wind blew, but it wasn’t from the sky. Small vortices circled Teacher and spread outward as she released her vital force.

	“…I see. So it’s come to this.” The Murim Alliance's leader felt the wind in his face. “In truth, I’ve also been longing for a day like today.”

	Headwind pushed away the existing wind.

	“Let’s die together, Heavenly Demon.”

	The two charged toward each other.

	I saw two lives flowing across the snowfield. Teacher struck away the hand of the Murim Alliance's leader. He knocked her foot out from under her. As their arms and their footwork crossed, they burned their vital energy, letting their life slip away.

	Teacher hit the Murim Alliance's leader’s waist. The wind blew wherever the two struck, melting the snow beyond their fists. Their lives were melting the perpetual snow that even the sun had never beaten. The ground where their feet fell was slowly laid bare—the only part of the world freed from the snow.

	And that wasn’t all. Little by little, things that weren’t white were growing around Teacher and the Murim Alliance's leader battle. They were weeds and grass. The rest of the land was still frozen, but a new season started around their arena.

	—They’re drinking up the vital force, the Guardian stated. The vital force of master martial artists like them is basically a feast. Even so, it’ll only last for a moment.

	Even if it was only for a moment, their season was beautiful. The earth drank in the vital force they shed and briefly returned to how it had looked before the eternal winter.

	It was now a forest of peach blossoms. Peach trees sprouted from the ground and grew tall as if time was sped up. Their branches reached out toward the sky like a hand grasping for something.

	Flowers bloomed. Through the gaps between the red petals and the finger-like branches, I watched Teacher and the Murim Alliance's leader kill each other. When the petals briefly covered some of their movements, their fight looked like a dance. With two lives riding on this fight, it was also the fight of life.

	When petals decorated it, many things in the world became splendid, even their bloodlust and Teacher’s venomous spirit.

	—… This is rare, the Guardian murmured.

	Red peach blossoms fluttered across the snowfield.

	— Maybe it’s because one of them was born with the Ultimate Yin Body, and the other with the Divine Martial Body. Yin and yang are in almost perfect harmony. The area around them is already a different world… Even I’ve never seen such an amazing sight.

	The peach blossoms bloomed and fell. Spring arrived and then passed again.

	“Heavenly Demon Descent Step.” Teacher took a step.

	As a snowstorm blew, the peach blossom flowers scattered.

	The Murim Alliance's leader grabbed her wrist and twisted it. The snowstorm stopped, and the peach blossoms were in full bloom again.

	“Sky-Shattering Yellow Ax.”

	The wind carried a petal onto my shoulder. Only then did I realize that these unusually red flowers were the blood of Teacher and the Murim Alliance's leader. These flowers bloomed from the last blood they ever shed.

	“…I hate you,” Teacher murmured.

	The winter was bleeding.

	“I hate all of you.”

	Teacher.

	“I hate the Righteous Faction, the Grandmasters, and the Five Clans. I loathe you all. While the grassroots scream, you’re all happy and noble. However, your happiness isn’t what I can’t forgive. It’s absolutely not true.”

	Teacher.

	As the peach blossoms bloomed and fell, the seasons came and passed. However, the blooming petals became fewer and fewer, and the seasons left sooner over time.

	“Even people like you can feel pain, grimace, and say that your lives are painful. You also want to be comforted, and try to comfort, and act like humans. That is why I hate all of you.”

	Teacher was dying, the blossoms were falling, and the season was leaving.

	“Why would you continue to act like animals to others and only treat yourselves as humans?”

	Countless peach blossoms hid the shadows of Teacher and the Murim Alliance's leader. The branches shriveled up, and no more new peach blossoms could bloom anymore. The wind blew and covered the earth with snow again. In the middle of the fallen petals, the two people stood tall.

	Something a little redder than the flower field landed on the snow—the blood the Murim Alliance's leader coughed out. Teacher’s tightly clenched fist was against his chest. He staggered drunkenly and collapsed into the flowers. Red petals flew up as the blossoms embraced him.

	Teacher stood still.

	“Teacher,” I called. I didn’t get a reply. “Teacher.”

	I hurried to her to wrap my arms around her. She was as cold as ice.

	“Teacher…”

	“I won.” Teacher’s voice was clear, holding the warmth that her body had lost. But it was too light. Even her fingers—everything about her became too light, as if she had aged instantly.

	“Yes, you won. You won.”

	“I should have been able to pierce his chest and rip out his heart. I only managed to hit his chest, never mind pierce it. I’m ashamed to look you in the eyes, my disciple.”

	“No, you shouldn’t be.” I shook my head.

	“Yes, I think I look better than you at least. What is that expression you’re making?”

	I carefully laid Master down, but didn’t remove my arms. I used my aura to hold her, but her body didn’t warm up at all. Even the hand she used to caress my cheek was as cold as ice.

	“Don’t worry, my disciple. There are still two hours left before I die. Isn’t that enough time to say goodbye?”

	I only had two hours left to hear her voice and her breath.

	“…And yet you still look sad.” Teacher’s eyes filled with sorrow. “You’re a troublesome disciple. Well, actually, I troubled you first. I wanted to spend a long time teaching you everything, but I can’t do that because of my old stubbornness. I’m worried about what I left in your heart and what I’ll be to you.

	“I’m afraid that I’ll be nothing to you,” she whispered. “If I could be remembered as a flower that bloomed evanescently, I would wish for nothing more…”

	She coughed up blood.

	“Mr. Death King!”

	The cry came from the Chemist. She and the other Hunters were running toward us. It looked like they had just learned that the Great War of Good and Evil on the snowfield.

	“Mr. Death King, W-what happened…?”

	“Hey! Teacher!” The Viper was surprised to find the Murim Alliance's leader on the ground. “Are you okay? Hey, Teacher! Hey! Open your eyes!”

	“That old man is fine.” Teacher coughed. “My last punch was light. After all that talk about how the heavens are with him… His fate is to spend the rest of his life in bed.”

	“R-rest of his life in bed?” The Chemist opened and closed her mouth several times before speaking. “I’ll never let that happen… A-anyway, there’s no time for this! You both need to get treatment!”

	“I’m good. Take care of the old man.”

	“But…!”

	“I know my condition the best. There is nothing you can do about it,” Teacher said. “And I would like to spend my last moments with my one and only direct disciple. Child, can you give us a moment alone?”

	The Chemist was both a pharmacist and a doctor. She approached us and felt Teacher’s pulse, activating her Skills to examine the patient. Her face soon darkened. “…I have some painkillers. Do you want them?”

	“It’s okay.” Teacher smiled. “The winter wind is nice. It’s refreshing. I want to fully enjoy this wind before I head to the otherworld.”

	The Chemist stood up and bowed to Teacher. The Medicine King waved the group away. Before long, they carried the Murim Alliance's leader back to the cave, being considerate of Teacher and me.

	“…Teacher.”

	“Now…” Teacher grabbed my hand. “How shall we spend the remaining two hours? Do you want to know about my childhood? Would you like to hear how beautiful my cult’s headquarters mountain is?”

	“I…” I squeezed Teacher’s small hand back.

	Her life wasn’t complete yet. I still needed one more piece of the puzzle to create the best, most perfect ending which she could be completely satisfied with.

	“I have a favor to ask.”

	“What is it?” Teacher asked.

	“Please accept my challenge.”

	Teacher’s eyes widened. “This is unexpected. I admire your will to surpass your teacher, but as you can see, I can no longer move. Gong-Ja, what good would it do you if you defeated me right now?”

	“We can have a fight where we don’t move.”

	“Hmm?”

	“I want to challenge you by a Verbal Match, Teacher.”

	“A Verbal Match…” Teacher blankly repeated.

	A Verbal Match was a fight of words. Each party would describe what kind of attacks they would make. When the other party verbally countered it, the first party made a counterattack. Therefore, there was no need to move their arms or legs, and the participants didn’t need their qi. They only used their expertise in martial arts, making it a perfect demonstration of their mastery of martial arts.

	That was why Teacher quietly laughed. “My disciple seems to have become very arrogant. If we fight using our bodies, you will undoubtedly win, Gong-Ja. But you will surely lose in a Verbal Match. I’ll be free to use any kind of martial arts like I did in my prime, so how will you be able to fight me when all you have are a few forms of the Demonic Heaven Arts?”

	“I…” I opened my mouth. “I don’t think that the fight you had earlier with the Murim Alliance's leader was your best. You said that you should have been able to pierce his chest and take his heart… Even if it is going to be a Verbal Match, Teacher, I want your last fight to be the most satisfying one you’ve ever had.”

	The best fight without regrets was the dream of all martial artists.

	“Are you saying that you can give me that kind of fight, Gong-Ja?”

	“Yes, I am,” I answered.

	Teacher seemed intrigued by my suggestion. Did she think I was asking because of my immaturity? She didn’t really seem to believe that I was going to be able to give her such a fight.

	“Alright. But I don’t go easy even in Verbal Matches. I’ll let you make the first attack, but don’t hate me too much if I finish you with one blow.”

	“I won’t.”

	“Show your teacher the results of your training now.” Teacher smiled faintly. She smelled like peach blossoms. “After the match, I’ll tell you my old stories.”

	I looked down at Teacher’s face, and then my eyes were slowly drawn to the man sitting across from me.

	—Hmm. Is that finally my turn?

	The Sword Emperor was someone who had risen to the top in another murim. Although he was now a ghost and couldn’t fight physically, he would be able to engage in a Verbal Match with my help.

	Yes, it’s time for you to keep the promise we made after you lost the bet.

	—Okay. The Guardian smiled. He sat on the snowfield with his arms crossed. I wanted to fight the leader of the demonic cult here anyway. I will give her the best match. Tell her that I will let her make three attacks first.

	With me between them, the absolutes of the two murim faced each other.

Chapter 83

The Sword Dance (1)

	After so many winters had passed that she could no longer remember how cold that winter had been, Soh Baekhyang caught her first glimpses of the Mind Sword. As she slowly grasped it, she was no longer called the scent of snow[1] but the Demonic Heaven[2]. The woman who used to be Soh Baekhyang was now the Heavenly Demon.

	“…I see it…” she muttered. “This is the realm that no martial artist has ever set foot in. It’s right in front of me… It seems as far away as Nirvana… But if I can see it, there is no reason I can’t go…”

	The Heavenly Demon’s heart pounded. Mind Sword was a level that only existed in legend. When a martial artist of a certain lofty level harbored the will to kill, their target died immediately. There was no need for a sword or words. That very level was right before her.

	“Lady Heavenly Demon…”

	“Our supreme heaven…”

	If only… if only she had time, perhaps sixty years, to focus solely on her cultivation… If only she could do that…

	“Please relieve me from this resentment…”

	People kneeled before her.

	“The government wants us to pay our taxes in marten skins, so my father went out to hunt them. But he never returned…”

	“My taxes are based on the number of people in my family, but I can’t pay the taxes…”

	“My grandmother said that since she doesn’t have much time left in her life anyway, she’ll leave the house so the taxes will be reduced…”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon…”

	Many people kneeled in front of her.

	“There was a drought last year, and this year too. There’s nothing to eat, so I’ve been starving. But the government gave an order to build a reservoir and a dam. They say it’s to prevent a drought next year, but how am I supposed to pile rocks after not eating anything for so long…”

	“My daughter was taken away and hasn’t come back…”

	“Lady Heavenly Demon…”

	There were a lot of people who kneeled in front of her.

	The Heavenly Demon quietly looked up at the snowy mountain. If only she had sixty years to devote solely to her training, she would reach a level that no one had ever reached in the history of martial arts. That was an indisputable truth, but… nevertheless…

	“…Guide me.” The Heavenly Demon stood up with her sword in her hand. The hem of her dark robe fluttered behind her. “…There are a myriad of things I must slay…”

	Should she abandon the world? Or should she forsake her personal desires? It was a simple choice for her. She abandoned her desires. Her life had always been about abstaining from the desire to achieve more in the martial arts.

	On that day, she slayed those who made the world cold again, but she still failed to cut through the winter.

	* * *

	—It’s outrageous for a martial artist to ask another person to speak for him in a Verbal Match. There’s nothing more rude than that. It’s so rude that it will be remembered in the history of gangho and be laughed at for a long time.

	The Guardian politely kneeled, which I had never seen him doing. I realized that it was his way of expressing his respect to someone whom he recognized as a worthy rival.

	—Even though I’m aware of what will happen, I have no choice but to ask you for a Verbal Match regardless. The Guardian looked straight at Teacher. My title is Sword Emperor. I was acknowledged as the best in the world known as the Ten Thousand Sword Realm. Excuse my rudeness, but I challenge you to a Verbal Match with me.

	And he bowed.

	“Gong-Ja?” Teacher blinked. “What are you waiting for? Tell me the first form you’re going to use. The match has already begun.”

	Obviously, Teacher couldn’t see or hear the Guardian, so his respect was lost to her.

	“…Teacher.”

	“What’s wrong?”

	“You know that I can use strange sorcery.”

	“Are you talking about the sorcery that brought my children and the Righteous Path jiangshi back to themselves?” Teacher laughed. The sound was quiet, as if it could disappear at any moment. “I’ve decided not to ask you anything. Besides, silence is a virtue. I just believe you’re a herald sent by the Jade Emperor, who took pity on me.”

	She rested her head on my thighs, smiling. Whenever she laughed, her head shook a little. That was how I could feel her getting lighter and lighter. Her time was running out, so I had to be brief.

	“…I have one more sorcery that I can use,” I quietly said. “I can summon a ghost.”

	“Hmm?”

	“The ghost next to me right now happens to have a very profound understanding of martial arts. He was known as the best in outer murim.”

	“Aha, the best in the outer murim! That is amazing.” Teacher chuckled. She clearly thought that it was a funny joke. “Alright. It’s the ghost of the best martial artist in outer murim that my disciple summoned, so I should pay attention to him as well. I’ll gladly acknowledge him as my opponent in a Verbal Match.”

	I looked at the Guardian, who was silently waiting on his knees.

	“So, what form will this ghost of the best martial artist in outer murim show me first?”

	“…He said he’ll let you go first, Teacher.”

	“Hmm?”

	“He said that he’ll let you make three attacks first.”

	The smile on Teacher’s face faltered a little. “That is awfully arrogant. My disciple would never say such things. I’m sure this foolish ghost doesn’t know his place. I’ll stab his suwol acupoint using the Emerging Dragon Swift Sword, the fifth form of the Cloud Dragon Twelve Swords.”

	This was the first exchange.

	—After using the sixth form of the Earthly Dragon Baton Dance, the Summerwinter Dragon, as a feint, I take a step back with the Flowing Cloud Movement, the Guardian responded without a moment’s hesitation.

	I didn’t know what the Cloud Dragon Twelve Swords or the Earthly Dragon Baton Dance were. All I knew was the Demonic Heaven Arts. I just calmly delivered the Guardian’s messages so that their fight could continue.

	“After using the sixth form of the Earthly Dragon Baton Dance, the Summerwinter Dragon, as a feint, he takes a step back with the Flowing Cloud Movement.”

	“Hmm…” Teacher narrowed her eyes. “I’ll send him flying using Assimilation Strike Leg, the seventh form of Profound Void Tai Chi.”

	—I’ll use the second form of Butcher Fist, Double Whip Fists, as a feint, and dodge with the Iron Plate Bridge.

	Teacher frowned elegantly. “I’ll attack him with Windclaw Slash, the sixth form of the Feline Phantom’s Six Swords.”

	—I’ll retreat through the Chaotic Plum Blossom Steps after using the Water Margin Kick.

	The first three moves were over in an instant. I couldn’t tell what kind of attacks had been exchanged between the two of them, but Teacher remained silent.

	The Guardian calmly opened his mouth, smiling crookedly.

	—I can imagine what your life has been like. After becoming the greatest martial artist of all time, you saw the path to the Life and Death Tier too, but you didn’t have the time to reach it through training. Twenty-four hours a day isn’t enough to take care of your cult family, so how would you have time to devote to something like training? But you know what’s the most unfair about all this? Despite all that, you’re still the strongest in the world.

	There was no reason to aim higher.

	—Why? You’ve already reached the zenith. You can already make a living, and everyone acknowledges your skills. There’s no reason to work hard since you are the sky of this world. You poor thing. Your tragedy is that you’re the absolute in this murim. The Guardian crossed his arms. I’ll show you what the sky above the sky is.

	I didn’t relay the last remark because I felt like it wasn’t necessary.

	Teacher slowly sat up and slightly leaned her light body against mine. “You aren’t some random ghost.”

	Title: Heavenly Demon

	World: Heavenly Demon Chronicle

	Status: The greatest martial artist of all time

	Affiliation: The Heavenly Demon Cult

	—Of course I’m not.

	Title: Sword Emperor

	World: Ten Thousand Sword Realm

	Status: The strongest in the world

	Affiliation: The Righteous Faction

	“Okay. I won’t go easy on you.”

	—Come at me.

	Their match began in earnest.

	* * *

	“I’ll strike you up in the air using Blazing-Explosion Ascension, the first form of the Fireblood Dragon,” Teacher quickly said.

	—Why are you pretending to be part of the Righteous Faction all of a sudden? Just in time for your strike to land, I’ll use the first form of the Great Cloud Dragon’s Eight Forms twice in a row. My first move will be toward the ground, and the next punch will be thrown up in the sky.

	One exchange.

	“I’ll change Blazing-Explosion Ascension to the third form of the Piercing Sword, Refined Fury Kill, and then stab your yong quan acupoint.”

	—Hmm. What shall I do? Shall I fight back or… Okay. I’ll match that with the Wave-Connecting Butterfly mixed with the essence of Life and Death Law.

	Another attack was exchanged. The longer the Verbal Match got, the shorter Teacher’s breath became. Her white breath became thicker in this moment of the winter. She tightly grabbed her knee using her left hand and held my hand with her right. I could feel her trembling in my hand.

	“…How long are you going to put your dirty foot on my finger? I will tear it off with the Tenacious Flaming Plate, the second form of the Persistent Demon Trinity.”

	—You asked me to come, so I followed. But boy, you’ve got quite a temper. I’ll pull my feet away and do the Lazy Donkey Roll in the air. Right after that, I’ll get into the fourth form of the Divine Chariot Wheel Spin, the Life and Death Ring. At the same time, I simultaneously aim for three of your meridians—jugu, yanggu, and pohu.

	“I will take three steps back with the Heavenly Demon Descent Step!” Teacher declared, delighted.

	—Since you imitated the Righteous Faction style earlier, I’ll try mimicking a demon too. I choose the Dynamic Death Sword to get closer.

	Yes, the Murim Alliance's leader, Buwolseon, was definitely not Teacher's rival. He was certainly the strongest in his faction and the only one capable of going up against Teacher, but it was already proven in the Great War of Good and Evil that when the two of them fought with all of their might, the ultimate winner of the war was Teacher.

	The war was already as good as decided. Perhaps that was why Teacher had postponed the conclusion of the Great War of Good and Evil until the 990th match. The candy was going to melt away someday, so she saved the ending as long as she possibly could like a child.

	That was why the Murim Alliance's leader had told Teacher during the bad ending try,

	“I'm sorry.”

	“I’m sorry I’m weaker than you.”

	“I’m weaker than you.”

	“Please kill me.”

	My hands clenched without realizing it.

	“What a foolish choice! I’ll use the second form of the Piercing Sword to stab you from behind!”

	—Not a chance. I’ll dodge that with the Iron Plate Bridge, and then I’ll be the one who uses Blazing-Explosion Ascension this time.

	“Haha.” Teacher finally smiled. It wasn’t fleeting or sorrowful—her smile carried the vibrancy of her pounding heart. “My disciple, the ghost you summoned is really great!”

	“…Yes,” I answered. Right now, I could completely understand the Murim Alliance's leader. “He’s probably the strongest of all of the people I know.”

	“Where have you been hiding a ghost like him!”

	Teacher’s laughter got louder.

	I was a little angry.

	“I’ve never met a martial artist like him in my entire life!”

	No, I was very angry.

	“I’ll apply the mechanism of the Thousand Heaven Dance to twist your arm, slowing you down. And then I’ll take four steps back with the Heavenly Demon Descent Step!”

	—Uh-oh—you've already retreated three steps and yet you’re taking another four steps backward. You’ve got your tail between your legs now! I’ll get closer using the Flowing Cloud Movement until I’m a step away from you, and then I’ll mix my aura into the Midsummer Waterfall to unleash it.

	“Hahahaha! The Midsummer Waterfall infused with your aura? You’re done figuring out my style, huh? I’ll bewitch and pull you in with Thirst Death. Then I’ll immediately hold the sword in reverse and use the first to third forms of the Sand-Drilling Dragon. I’ll pierce your tianzhu, dazhui, shenzhu meridians one by one!”

	I couldn’t understand the fight that the two were having. It was impossible to even imagine what it looked like. I knew what Thirst Death was, but I didn’t understand what the Sand-Drilling Dragon was. While I had heard about the Lazy Donkey Roll, I didn’t know what the Life and Death Ring of the Divine Chariot Wheel Spin was. Because of my severe lack of depth, I wasn’t even allowed to create the crudest picture of it in my head. I couldn’t see how their swords were moving nor what their sword dance was like at all.

	—There you go! That’s more like it. Alright! I apply the Life and Death Law to the Wave-Connecting Butterfly so I can dodge it. And then I’ll take a step back, getting ready to use the Heavenly Tai Chi Sword!

	“Not bad. Not bad at all!”

	If… If possible, I want to be your match and your only hope. I wish I was the sole reason you can spend the end of your life rejoicing. But I can’t see it.

	I dug my fingers into the snow. All I could see and hear was…

	“Good. I’ll avoid it using the exquisite principle of the ■■ Movement.”

	—I’ll counter that with the ■■■ Sword, the third form of the ■■■ Sutra!

	That was it. I couldn’t see how their swords moved.

	“Okay, I’ll choose the ■■ Leg, the second form of the ■■■, to respond.”

	—I’ll stay close using the ■■■ Method of the ■■■■!

	I couldn’t understand it.

	“Fine. I’ll strike your ■■ and ■■ with the ■■■■ Sword of the ■■■■!”

	—Impatient. Someone is getting impatient. I dodge that with ■■■■ and then aim for the neck using ■■■■.

	“I parry that away and then strike ■■■ with ■■■■■, the tenth form of ■■■■!”

	—I’ll ■■. And then I ■■■■■ using ■■■■. After counterattacking, swing ■■, the ■■■■■’s ■■■ ■■, and ■■.

	“■■■■, ■■■, ■■■ and ■■■…”

	The realm that the two of them fought in was so far away and dark.

	“After counterattacking, then…”

	Just then, Teacher looked up at me, breathing hard. It suddenly felt like time had stopped. her dark gaze lingered on my face.

	“…Yes.” Teacher smiled faintly. “My disciple, it’s a cold day.

	“It’s been winter all year long, so this place is now an everlasting snowfield. A snowfield is a harsh battleground for martial artists. When they do so much as take a step forward, their feet will sink deep into the snow, so they always have to use the foot arts.” Teacher touched the snowfield. The fluffy snowflakes clung to her fingertips.

	“That is why you have to focus on unbalancing your opponent’s form, my disciple. Do you understand? There is no need to insist on snapping the opponent’s neck or slashing their waist. Just keep attacking them so that they won’t have any time to use their foot art.

	“That is why your ghost and I are trying to take away each other’s space. We’re reducing each other’s range of movement.”

	Teacher.

	“We’re using various kicks for the same purpose. It’s not just to hit the opponent—snow is scattered every time we throw our kicks, so we’re using it to block each other’s vision. It’s a truly desperate fight, isn’t it…?”

	Teacher’s whispering rang around my ears.

	“Close your eyes.” Teacher slowly covered my eyes using her left hand. “I can see the opponent.”

	“…I see.” I nodded.

	“He’s a strong and profound master martial artist. His physique is very large. I believe he’s almost twice as big as me. Isn’t that right?”

	I pictured the Guardian in my head. “That is right.”

	“A master martial artist who resembles a giant bear is breathing heavily. He is smiling confidently, taunting me to come at him. There is a big difference in our physiques, so he has a good reason for his confidence…”

	As Teacher continued to whisper, the Guardian’s image in my head became clearer.

	“I can’t overcome the difference in our innate physiques, so I’ll accept it. But I recall my strengths. I’ll be able to move faster than him. Above all, I am used to the snowfield, so I’ll be able to demonstrate Traceless Snow better than him…”

	“Yes, you will,” I responded.

	“Do you see it, my disciple? I’m trying to drag this battle on as long as possible. Oh, but he sees through my plan,” Teacher playfully continued. “He’s moving more impatiently and quicker with his sword. Like a wild boar, he rushes toward me…”

	Soon…

	“But there’s no need to be afraid. I expected him to come, so I’ll back away lightly… to draw him in.”

	I could see the scene unfolding in front of me.

	“I continue to back away. My steps are as light as a feather. On the other hand, he’s truly like a wild boar. He rushes toward me, sending snow flying in all directions…”

	Winter went on and on, turning the snowfield everlasting. Teacher backed away through it as the Guardian came charging at her.

	Teacher’s smile never went away.

	“…A flower of snow blooms and flies with every step we take.”

	I could also see their swords now.

* * *

	1. What Baekhyang's name means ☜

	2. The meaning of Heavenly Demon ☜

Chapter 84

The Sword Dance (2)

	“It’s winter, so it’s snowing.”

	Teacher’s movements were light.

	“It’s already been two days since the match began.”

	Teacher danced over the snow as if she was sliding on ice. The hem of her black robe fluttered across the endless snowfield like a brushstroke across a blank paper.

	—You can’t run away forever, the Guardian rumbled.

	A second brush followed the first. The more powerful, aggressive stroke painted a thick line of ink on the snowfield.

	—I’m second to none when it comes to the Lightness Art, the Guardian declared as he bulldozed forward with heavy steps, crushing the ice and pushing aside the snow.

	“I’m confident that I can run away forever.”

	—But the end will still come eventually.

	“Don’t you get it? This world is now an endless snowfield. There may be nowhere to go, but I can run away anywhere in this field,” Teacher said with a smile.

	—I won’t let you get away. The Guardian leaped out of the snow. If you were in your prime, you could run away forever, but this match is happening now. You don’t even have two hours left in your life. The sand in your hourglass is trickling away. Are you going to keep running?

	“You’re harsh.”

	—The truth is harsh. The Guardian swung his sword.

	“Yes, I’ll admit it.” Teacher turned her head, lightly dodging the swing. “I don’t have much time left, so I can’t keep running away.”

	—We’ll have to see the end of the fight sooner or later.

	“Nothing is stopping sooner or later from being now.”

	—Now we’re talking.

	Teacher grabbed her sword. “Then I’ll show you my full power.”

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	First Form:

	Starvation Death.

	“…Hunger is when parents swap their children with their neighbors’ children and eat them.”

	Her sword howled as she cut across the winter wind.

	“Have you heard the story about a man who cut a neighbor kid’s body into jerky and buried them in the snow? What about the rumor of that village? It’s said that when you dug up their road, you can find young human flesh every time.”

	—That’s sad. The Guardian blocked Teacher’s sword with his. There must have been a famine.

	“That’s right. A famine is like a plague that can come back at any time.”

	—But it’s also a coincidence. The Guardian wielded his sword through the winter wind. Good harvest and famine are both matters of chance. Everything in the universe is a coincidence. Heavenly Demon, if you mourn over an accidental tragedy, you should also laugh and be happy over a coincidental joy. The depths of your sorrow are equal to the heights of your happiness.

	The two swords crossed, and red plum blossoms fell.

	—So, I’ll sing about the happy harvest in autumn.

	The snow fell like leaves in autumn.

	—One day, I looked at the horizon while walking down the street. That day, the rice spread past the horizon like a sea of gold. Children played hide-and-seek in the rice; the grains were taller than they were, but their laughter leaked out from time to time.

	The autumn wind blew into the mountains and fields, dying their leaves red and rice fields yellow.

	—You mentioned the child flesh buried in the snow earlier. I’ll tell you the story of children laughing as they play hide-and-seek in the rice fields.

	As countless red leaves fell around him, the Guardian swung his sword.

	—Everything is just another coincidence on just another day. If there is something I should carry in my sword, it’s the laughter from rice fields. The last memory I should recall before I die is the children playing hide-and-seek. It’s an obvious choice.

	Teacher cut down the leaves. “You’re really living in your own little world, aren’t you.”

	Demonic Heaven Arts,

	Second Form:

	Thirst Death.

	“Did you say that tragedies and happiness are both coincidences? I’m sure they are. But happiness doesn’t make people die. The pain of hunger and thirst does! When you die, it’s the end. There is no going back.”

	The sunlight shone down.

	“I’ll sing about the people who died because they couldn’t have a single sip of water!” Teacher yelled.

	The hot wind of summer blew over the world, withering mountains and rivers. Weeds turned yellow, and fruits shriveled up. While beetles trudged through the heat, tens of thousands of dead fish washed up on the riverbanks. Their round eyes were dry.

	—Ah.

	Teacher became more persistent. Even though the Guardian had countered her attack, Teacher didn’t back down. Instead, she got closer. They were so close that they could feel each other’s breaths.

	The quick sword clashes made me lightheaded.

	—It feels freaking great to jump into the river during summer, the Guardian refuted as he parried away all of Teacher’s quick sword strikes. You’re teaching Gong-Ja the wrong way.

	“…What?”

	—Sorry. I put that a little too harshly. It’s not wrong, but it’s too early. The Guardian connected his sword attacks such that they flowed like a river. It's good to sing about the pain of the world. It's also good to care about the suffering of others. But no one can do that forever.

	“How so?” Teacher asked.

	—They become too tired.

	Red resurrection lily petals fell from the sky.

	—Gong-Ja hasn’t experienced the happiness of the world yet. He hasn’t seen enough.

	The momentum of the battle changed before I noticed it.

	—He should taste the delicacies from all over the world so he can grieve for those who will never be able to eat them in their entire lives. Only after he tries diving into a river in summer can he truly weep for those who wither because there is no water. The heart is like the wick of a candle. It will eventually burn out if it does nothing but burn.

	—Do you know what, Heavenly Demon? This guy has never fallen in love with anyone. He's never been on a date either! Isn't that funny?

	The Guardian's sword strikes poured down like a waterfall.
