	I swung my sword. It was the weapon I received for my requiem on the tenth floor, the sword I’d used to move the soldiers’ hearts on the eleventh floor. For thousands of days, I had been trapped in the prison of time when I had been on the twelfth stage. This sword was the witness to my time, and I used it to slay the fallen Constellation.

	There was a small scream, and the fallen Constellation collapsed. By the time the scream petered out, she lay dying among the white acacia blossoms.

	I watched a drop of red dye a petal of white blossom as I slowly said, “Monster, rise.”

	My shadow jolted, and a dark hand emerged from the flat shadow, as if something was escaping from a pit of hell. However, it wasn’t struggling to get out.

	“Rise.”

	Its resistance was meaningless, as the shadow couldn’t resist my command. The head came out first, and followed by the neck, the waist, and the legs. She gasped and panted, her limbs quivered like a newborn gazelle’s. Her appearance might be that of an adult, but she had only just been truly born.

	“Estelle is the name you stole. It’s not something you can have.”

	Someone who brought life into the world always had to bear the responsibility of it. The first responsibility was to name the life.

	“Preta.”

	She looked up at me, her long hair fluttering.

	“Your name is Preta. You will live on and serve me as your master.”

	The woman used to be called Estelle; she was honored as the Saintess of the Outskirts, and feared as the Demon King of Autumn. However, she didn’t have the right to have any of her former names.

	Now, she trembled. Only after she’d received a name from me did she bow.

	“Yes… I will obey your command… Master. “

	A white acacia blossom landed on her hair. On the last of the promised five days, one of the two kings—the Death King and the Demon King—fell.

* * *

	1. This is a Skill name, but it’s also the Guardian’s other title. ☜

Chapter 47

How To Deal With The World (1)

	—Only a king and his subject were left, but the one who broke the silence was neither. It was an emperor. The emperor’s solemn voice…

	“…Mr. Sword Emperor, do you really have to Sword-Emperor right now?”

	The dude had a real knack for breaking the mood.

	—Yeah… I should. No, I don’t really want to… To be honest, I really want to stay as far away as possible from you two and pretend I don’t know either of you. Gosh, but I’m the only one who can say this. The Guardian looked mentally tortured.

	“Get to it already.”

	—What the heck are you two doing?

	I didn’t get the question at first, but it looked like this was what the Sword Emperor had been wanting to say.

	“What do you mean what? As you can see…”

	—Yeah, you killed the Demon King. And you revived her with your Skill and then you named her… Speaking of which, why would you name a girl Preta? If you really had to name her Preta, then you could have gone for something cuter like Pretia and called her Tia. How adorable is that?

	“Now you’re picking a fight with me over how I name people?”

	—Forget about the name. My next question is… why are you guys playing master and servant?

	The Guardian looked back and forth between me and Preta as like we were the greatest mystery he’d ever seen.

	—What bond do you guys have… Fine! Let’s say you feel some kind of bond with her since you defeated her, right? “You’re my slave. I got you~ under my skin.[1]” Like something out of your world’s old pop songs.

	“Do you listen to k-pop?” I asked.

	—One of Gramps Marcus’s hobbies is listening to po… No, forget about it. Anyhow, I can understand why you would be like that, But I really don’t get why she would go “Yes, master.”

	Today I learned one of the Sword Star’s hobbies. I would have preferred not to… but that wasn’t important right now.

	“So you don’t get why Preta would serve me as her master, is that it?”

	—Yes. Zombie, let me list what you did to her one by one, from an objective perspective.

	I nodded.

	—You stopped her in every way possible.

	“That is how it began.”

	—You erased everything she’s done one by one. And you broke her psychologically with truth bombs.

	“That is how it went.”

	—And then you slit her throat. The cherry on this madness cake is you dragging her out with Monster Legion Reincarnation against her will.

	“That is how it ended.”

	—Ha, you heartless bastard. Do you have poison for blood? The Guardian shook his head in disbelief.

	“Who knows? Cobra venom, maybe. But you left out one thing for some reason: someone told me to show a sham what a proper swordsman’s ending was, so I even shattered her sword.”

	—That was necessary. Someone had to do it—if she still has a spark of desire to become a proper swordswoman, I’m sure she’s grateful too. She just isn’t saying it out loud, the Guardian solemnly said.

	I used to think that this ghost was only good at bullshitting, but he would make a great con artist.

	—Anyhow, I was expecting her to hurl her grudges and anger toward you, so why is she prostrating on the ground and waiting for orders? Is the end of the world actually the biggest masochist in the world?

	Although the Guardian said that he wanted to get away from me and Preta, I was the one who took a step back from him. The way the gorilla thought was… Nevermind.

	“Whoa… Mr. Sword Emperor… There’s a reason why Preta is obeying me right now.”

	—What reason?

	“She knows.” I glanced at Preta. “You’ll also find out soon enough.”

	Drops of Preta’s tears—tears of anger, sorrow, and despair—fell onto the forest floor.

	[Searching for a demon king’s presence on the twentieth floor…]

	Yes, Preta knew perfectly well what was going to happen next.

	[Unable to locate a demon king]

	Preta’s shoulders twitched in surprise.

	[It has been confirmed that a demon king is not present on the twentieth floor.]

	On the road and the acacia trees—everywhere—drops of light fell. The twentieth-floor stage was small to begin with, so it took no time at all for the entire floor to be covered.

	[Initiating History Reformation.]

	The world expanded.

	[The twentieth-floor stage has been revised.]

	The buildings in the village at the end of the road used to be a pile of burned debris. They had been restored. The wheat fields and orchards were flush with life. The boisterous laughter of children danced over the village once more.

	A paradise and its beautiful people had been resurrected. In other words, the time had been rewound to before Preta had become a walking font of waste and became the Demon King of Autumn Rain. However, Preta was grimacing as she knew what was going to happen to this paradise.

	“Ahhh… No. Please, no…” Preta moaned, shivering. However, it was no use. What we knew would happen did happen. She looked into the distance, her face wet with tears. “Ah…”

	Something was approaching from the opposite side of the village. Each footfall on the forest road made their armor clank threateningly. Flags of various colors flew above them—war banners. I also heard fluttering wings. The world’s united army had just entered the forest.

	“Please… Again. The village is going to burn again… Burn again… No, please, n-no. Ahh…” Preta sank to the ground again and bowed to me. “Master…”

	Just like the Guardian said, I was Preta’s mortal enemy. She wanted to kill me in the cruelest way possible. No doubt bowing to me like she was right now made her stomach turn.

	But she bowed because she had to.

	“Master! I won’t harbor grudges… I won’t even consider revenge…”

	She had no other choice but to accept her servitude to me. When the powerless had something to protect, they were willing to become pretas and swallow any kind of humiliation.

	“I’ll follow any command… I will become your loyal servant—no, slave.” Preta bowed and scraped desperately. “Please. My paradise…”

	“Okay, I will.”

	I left it at that and walked away, the Sword Emperor trailing behind me. The goofy look he had when he was teasing me and Preta was gone; his expression now was as serious as a judge.

	—I see.

	“Yeah, now you get it.”

	—A subject has a duty to obey their ruler.

	“A ruler has an obligation to protect their people,” I answered.

	—I’m sorry for the sarcasm.

	“You also lost the bet. Just think about how you’re going to pay me back.” I stepped in front of my subject and took a deep breath, gathering my aura.

	“Halt!”

	The acacia blossoms fluttered as if an invisible giant had slammed the ground. The sound of dragon’s wings flapping and armor clanking faded away along with the noise of hooves and the clatter of weapons.

	I stood on the narrow road to the village. The only thing between me and the army was the acacia blossoms.

	* * *

	Blossoms made no sound as they flew. That was why when blossoms covered the world, it seemed like the world melted into sleep. However, all blossoms were fated to eventually meet the ground once they’d left the branch.

	The commander-in-chief of the Aegim Empire’s army came forward. His armor was the color of the ocean, and the symbol of the sun was engraved on his breastplate. I knew who he was.

	“I am General Sarbas Aegim! Who are you to stand in my way!”

	And of course, he had no idea who I was.

	“Well…” I trailed off. I had fought monsters by the hundreds and thousands. I had also directly faced the wrath of the Demon King of Autumn Rain in her prime. Not many people in this world had experienced as much danger as I had. Even then, I still had to take a deep breath and touch the hilt of my sword.

	“I could ask you the same question. What business brings you all to this countryside?”

	“My people and I are here to carry out our emperor’s will!” General Sarbas Aegim thunderously answered.

	His army of soldiers shouted in response and brandished their weapons in the air. Instead of blossoms, the air was filled with startled birds.

	“We heard tell of the presence of a witch corrupting the innocent people of the continent! There are also monsters who foolishly fell for the witch’s temptation and plunged themselves into the pits of evil! We have to do something about it!”

	“So?” I asked.

	“The witch and monsters shall be purified with holy fire!”

	I quietly looked at the blue dots on my minimap.

	“This is not just the will of the Emperor of Aegim!”

	Thousands of blue dots painted one side of the map. Like an ocean wave, more and more of them arrived with every moment.

	I knew who they were.

	“Our great pope tasked us to punish the heretic who dared to call herself a saintess!”

	Those were the paladins I had saved on the thirteenth floor.

	“The Forest Monarch bequeathed us with this mission. All of the elemental spirits shall bless us on our mission!”

	They were the forest elves I had saved on the fourteenth floor.

	“The Mermaid Queen’s gem shall validate our execution!”

	The wizards of waterfalls. I had saved them on the fifteenth floor.

	“The dragons of the Primordial Volcano are here to keep their oaths of honor!”

	Those were the warriors of the volcano that I had saved from the sixteenth floor.

	“The merchants from the Free City Alliance, the riders of the plain, and soldiers of all the empire’s colonies are here too!”

	I could see the armed merchants of the seventeenth floor and the nomads of the eighteenth floor. There were soldiers from the small and smaller countries on the nineteenth floor too.

	“The world is with us!”

	I had been through the eleventh to the nineteenth floors and saved all of them. Those floors had dozens to hundreds of major characters involved in their stages, and all of them were now here, waving their respective flags. I knew all of them, but none of them knew me, just like Sarbas Aegim.

	“I’ll ask you again!” Sarbas Aegim shouted. “Who are you to stop our mission!?”

	I looked at my quest window.

	The Hero of the Paused World

	Difficulty level: Unknown

	Goal: You have decided that you won’t accept a single victim. It’s said that justice is about not asking for the price of salvation, and devotion is about not seeking recognition from those you save. A person who devotes themself to justice is called a hero.

	Hero! The world will never know your justice or your devotion. However, it will not change the nature of your justice and devotion.

	The wounded Demon King fled but couldn’t get far. If you wish, you’re free to chase after her. What remains now is your choice: will you continue to be a hero in the paused world?

	Of course, I already made my choice.

	“General Sarbas Aegim.” I called out. His eyes widened slightly. I pointed, my nose pompously thrust into the air. “Did you say you’re here to uphold imperial orders?”

	“W-what? I’m the general of the empire acting under imperial orders. How dare you address me with that tone?”

	“Haha. You’re funny. That’s one hell of a story. You know the situation the Aegim Emperor is in right now better than anyone, so don’t try that imperial order nonsense with me.”

	“H-how…?”

	I saw your trauma when I got killed by you to take your Skill. I know the power struggle between the princes is also getting intense. A rumor was circulating among the citizens of the empire’s capital around the time I saved the twelfth floor.

	Instead of answering him aloud, I just glared at him. He was now silently panicking and furtively scanning the other leaders of the united army because I was openly discussing the Imperial Family of Aegim’s weakness.

	However, his panic didn’t last long. The leaders of the dragons, paladins, and nomads frowned slightly, but the rest of them were scowling at me as if they hadn’t heard me.

	Sarbas Aegim, general of the world’s strongest empire, cleared his throat and gave me a glare. “…How dare you make such a presumptuous claim! Are you sent by the witch from this village?”

	“Presumptuous claim? Hah. I didn’t expect to hear that from the man who is trying to oust the Crown Prince so that the Third Prince can take his place.”

	Sarbas Aegim panicked once again, and stronger this time, so it broke his poker face.

	“You know, you shouldn’t live like that. Have you forgotten how much grace the Aegim Emperor has bestowed on you? Did you really forget? You were just a bum who was destined to spend your entire life weaving nets in the harbor.

	“You know that you’re called the emperor’s uncle and your position was ultimately only possible because of him. Yet you’re just obsessed with power…”

	I kept talking with my nose in the air to provoke Sarbas Aegim. And it was successful.

	“Ahhh! I get it now,” Sarbas Aegim roared. “You’re from the Amber Palace! The entire world is united right now, so you and your people are trying to use this situation to change public opinion! If you are a true citizen of the empire, you know that His Highness the Third Prince is the only true heir to the empi—”

	“You fool!” I seized upon his moment of anger and immediately pressed Sarbas Aegim. “The Amber Palace! Ha! Do you seriously think I’m the dethroned queen’s stooge? Did you weave your eyes together during your net weaving days? You’re a true fool!”

	“T-then who sent—”

	“You want to know who I am?” I shouted confidently. I held up my sword. “See for yourself!”

	Sarbas Aegim stopped panicking. Instead, his jaw dropped to the ground.

	“Do you see it? I’m sure even you can see this, Sarbas Aegim!”

	Yes, I held up Lefanta Aegim’s Holy Protector Sword!

	Lefanta Aegim’s Holy Protector Sword

	Rarity: Legendary

	Description: The saying, “The one who possesses the holy sword shall have the continent,” comes from the legend of the Aegim Empire’s founding emperor. In the legend, the goddess bestowed the holy sword to him.

	However, the sword also comes with the saying “The one who has the continent will be bound by fate.” The founding ancestor left after choosing his successor. It is unclear if he killed himself or was murdered. The legend and history are yet to determine his true fate, and his and his holy sword’s whereabouts still remain unknown.

	Only a single line of prophecy has been left to guide everyone: “The wielder of the holy sword shall arrive on the day of destiny.” Whoever possesses the holy protector sword gains absolute trust and support from the people of the Aegim Empire.

	“I am the herald of Lefanta Aegim, the Great First Emperor of the Aegim Empire!”

	Sarbas Aegim trembled. His quivering spread to the knights wearing the symbol of the Aegim Empire, and then it reached the soldiers. Finally, the entire army of the empire began to tremble.

	I glared at them like a hawk. “Sarbas Aegim!”

	“Y-yes…”

	“I understand the chaos in the imperial family and have witnessed the Crown Prince’s unruly behavior and evil deeds! I’m also aware that you stand by the Third Prince’s side purely out of loyalty to the empire! But I said earlier that you’re obsessed with power to test you! Did it upset you?”

	Sarbas Aegim’s eyes, which used to be filled with shock, slowly reddened. “N-not at all! I’m grateful… that you acknowledge my loyalty… But I’m such a fool to give in to my emotions. How should I pay for this crime… herald of the Great First Emperor?”

	“You say that you aren’t upset and have no reservation addressing me by that title. If so, why are you still on your horse and looking down at me!”

	“M-my apologies…!” Sarbas Aegim was in such a rush to get off of his horse that he fell off of it. He quickly got on his feet and, without brushing off the petals and mud on his armor, got on his knees. “The Great First Emperor guards the rising sun and protects all life between the earth and ocean! The Aegim Empire shall shine forever! I, a humble descendant of the Great First Emperor, offer my greetings to his herald!”

	Sarbas Aegim’s ardent voice whipped the entire imperial army into motion.

	“Greetings!” The knights with the Aegim Empire’s symbol on their chests got off of their horses.

	“Greetings!” The soldiers dropped their knees.

	“Greetings to the herald of the Great First Emperor!”

	Some even bowed down to me! The strongest faction of the united army sent to suppress the witch kneeled to me.

	—Wowie… Kim Zombie, I thought you were only good at bullshitting, but you would make a great con man, the Guardian exclaimed.

	It took you this long to realize? I scoffed.

	Just like the time I had dealt with the Tower’s six pillars, the choices I could take when dealing with a strong adversary or many opponents remained the same: fight them or persuade them. But there wasn’t only one way of fighting.

	And there are many ways to persuade someone.

	Now was the time to deceive the world I had saved.

* * *

	1. TVXQ! 동방신기 ’주문 - MIROTIC’ MV ☜

Chapter 48

How To Deal With The World (2)

	The Guardian was equal parts psychopath and geezer. This golden ratio made ninety-nine percent of his advice crazy or useless. In other words, the remaining one percent contained the essence of both a psychopath and a geezer.

	—When you wield a sword, what matters isn’t just your skill. It’s faith and confidence! Faith in yourself is the most important! the Guardian declared with a solemn look. Lying works the same way! In order to fool someone, you have to deceive yourself first! Believe your lies! Have confidence! No matter how plausible the lie sounds, people won’t believe it if you lie without confidence. But if you have confidence, it doesn’t matter how implausible it is.

	Is that so? I asked.

	—I did it a lot, so I know!

	He truly was speaking from experience. Maybe his ratio of psychopath to geezer was six to four.

	—You and other people won’t believe a one hundred percent lie, of course. So mix ten percent truth with ninety percent lies!

	Mix them?

	—Yeah, that’s the beauty of lying. When you believe the ten percent truth, the ninety percent lie will come to you naturally! Remember, Zombie: lying is confidence!

	I let his words sink in as I looked in front of me. The army assembled from around the world was here to capture the Demon King… The Aegim Empire’s troops, the vanguard of the army, were looking at me. I was going to be in danger if I couldn’t pull off my lie.

	“The Great First Emperor’s herald…”

	“But that sword is certainly…”

	“Why is the herald here?”

	Even though those from the Aegim Empire kept their heads down, some of the soldiers from the other factions were shooting skeptical glances at me. I assumed that the holy protector sword’s effectiveness was limited to those from the empire.

	“U-umm, Sir…? Can this ignorant descendant ask you a question?” Sarbas Aegim, the leader of the imperial contingent asked. He watched my reaction carefully.

	“What is your question?”

	“Like I told you earlier, the reason why we’re here today is to subjugate the witch. Can I ask you what brought you here today…?”

	I briefly closed my eyes.

	Lying is confidence.

	With that thought in mind, I shouted, “I have already subjugated the witch!”

	My aura-infused voice startled Sarbas Aegim.

	“I-I’m sorry? What do you mean…?”

	“Look over here!” I stepped aside, revealing Preta, who had been standing behind me.

	Perhaps they had already done some investigations on Estelle’s appearance because some people immediately recognized her.

	“I-it’s Estelle!”

	“It’s the Witch of the West!”

	“I’ve seen her before! That woman is the witch!”

	“Burn the witch!”

	Preta whimpered and stumbled backward. However, I paid no attention to her reaction.

	“Preta.”

	“Yes…?”

	“Come and kneel in front of them,” I sternly commanded.

	Preta, who was now one of my monsters, had no ability to fight my orders. She staggered forward and kneeled, but I wasn’t done.

	“Bow.”

	She did just that.

	“Place your hands on the ground.”

	Her hands trembled as she followed my order. Was it anger or humiliation in her eyes? Her cheeks pinched—it seemed she was biting both the inside of her cheeks and her tongue. A little trickle of blood dripped out from her mouth and flowed down her chin.

	“Put your head on the ground.”

	Preta carried out my order with a grunt. The soldiers watched the former Demon King ramming her head on the ground with bated breaths. Preta quietly huffed and puffed with indignation, yet she obeyed my commands in order to protect her small paradise. In some way, it was a sacred act.

	“Now roll forward,” I solemnly commanded.

	The acacia forest fell utterly silent for a moment.

	“…Pardon?” Preta looked up at me, unable to believe her ears.

	I frowned. “Did you not hear me?”

	“Huh… Uhhh…?”

	“Roll, now!”

	Preta flinched and reluctantly placed her small hands on the ground again. Her blond hair, which was longer than she was tall, swept up the acacia blossoms on the ground. Even after she was done rolling, she had a look on her face that said she had no idea what was going on.

	I nodded. “Stand on your hands.”

	Preta turned and looked at me like I’d gone insane.

	I didn’t even blink. “Get to it, right now!”

	Preta gasped. She placed her trembling hands on the ground again and slowly tried to do a handstand, but she flopped over due to her lack of strength. Although she tried it again, she just looked like she was swimming on the ground. I ignored her noises of pain and her morose expression and sternly continued to issue orders.

	“Do twenty jumping jacks!”

	“Sit down and stand up ten times!”

	“Once you’re done, ten push-ups!”

	“I command you to do twenty sit-ups!”

	“Plank for twenty seconds!”

	After a minute of that, the former Demon King was completely exhausted and her eyes were teary.

	“I-I can’t do it anymore, Master… I-I can’t lift a finger…”

	I turned back to Sarbas Aegim. “Do you see now?”

	His jaw was dragging on the ground. His soldiers and everyone else’s reactions were pretty much the same. People from the entire world were staring blankly at Preta’s rather childish slump.

	“S-sir, what in the world…”

	I tightened my core to suppress my nervous tremors.

	“Like I said, I have already subjugated the witch. She won’t be able to disobey me in any way! Naturally, it’s also impossible for her to harm the people. All of you can be at ease when it comes to the witch!”

	The soldiers buzzed chaotically, their reaction affecting their leaders.

	“Umm… If you say so…”

	Sarbas Aegim completely submitted himself to me after I showed him the holy sword, so he was eager to believe me. The other leaders, however, looked like they smelled bullshit.

	The paladins’ stomped forward and shouted, “Hold on a second! What are you all doing? We’re here to subjugate the witch!”

	“Well, the Great First Emperor’s herald told us that the witch is already subjugated—”

	“How are we supposed to believe him!”

	“H-how can you not believe him!” Sarbas huffed. “You’ve also seen… h-how the witch faithfully carried out all his orders!”

	The holy sword was quite effective.

	The paladin leader actually jumped up and down in frustration.

	“That’s exactly why I’m doubtf— No, no. I mean, that young man’s sword is the only evidence that he’s the messenger sent by the First Imperial Majesty of the Great East! It’s merely a sword—”

	“M-merely a sword?” Sarbas Aegim’s voice rose. “Merely a sword?! Oh my god. Are you questioning the authority of the holy protector sword? That holy sword is evidence that the goddess favors the empire!”

	Realizing his mistake, the paladin leader toned his voice down. “General, calm down… What I was trying to say was just—”

	“The Great First Emperor went out to the plains with that sword! He rode across the plains, left his footprints in every city, scaled the volcano, and went down the waterfall. He also crossed the forest and mountains! The sword was with him for every single moment! When he finally faced the ocean, he built the empire to guard the sun! All of your ancestors were with the Great First Emperor, so every one of you is indebted to him in a way! Yet you call it a mere sword!”

	“No, that’s not what I’m talking about—”

	“What are you talking about then?”

	“H-His Holiness gave me a solemn order to subjugate the heretic witch… but one word from that young man and—”

	“One word?” Sarbas boomed. “Are you putting an order from the Great First Emperor below that of a mere pope?”

	Wow, I thought as I watched the chaos unfold in front of me.

	“W-what?” The paladin leader opened and closed his mouth in shock. It took exactly two seconds for his confusion to turn into fury. “Are you questioning the temple’s authority?!

	“You doubted the holy protector sword first!”

	“Fine! I get it! I guess your Third Prince doesn’t need His Holiness’s support!”

	“Hah! Who cares? The Great First Emperor’s herald is here and he has subjugated the witch. This is evidence that the goddess still watches over the empire, so who cares!”

	“Is that how the Third Prince’s faction wants to do it?”

	The quarrel between Sarbas Aegim of the empire and the paladin leader from the temple was getting intense. I had to suppress a smile.

	This is perfect.

	When many groups were brought together, there was one thing that everyone had to watch out for: if a conflict were to rise between them, it was an express highway to disaster.

	I really don’t have to look far for an example.

	When the Hunters had arrived on the twelfth floor, there were no less than eight different factions. The Sword Star and I could be counted as one faction each, and there were five from each of the Five Guild leaders. Lastly, the Rank 8, 9, and 10 champions made up one small faction.

	We had banded together for the goal of clearing the Tower, but our unity had never been unbreakable. We had grudges and lingering doubts, which had ultimately led us to destruction right after the Demon King had offered her reward.

	I recalled what the hologram of the “goddess” had said when the eleventh floor was opened.

	[Warriors.]

	[While climbing up the Tower, your faith will be tested from the eleventh to the twentieth floor.]

	I had to hold back myself from grinning.

	The residents of the Tower should also go through the trial of faith.

	Otherwise, it wasn’t fair.

	* * *

	After those from the empire and temple entered the trial of faith, the other factions quickly interrupted.

	“Phew. People, it isn’t the time for this,” a captain of the elven rangers admonished. “We need a more sure way to verify that the witch is actually under that man’s control. I know all of you are foolish humans, but there is time and place to show your idiocy.”

	I had no idea if he was trying to stop the fight or make it worse. Regardless, he certainly wasn’t helping.

	“If I may add, aren’t you contradicting yourself? The Great First Emperor’s holy protector sword was given to him by the Goddess of Protection, whom the temple worships. Doubting the holy sword means questioning the goddess’s authority, I believe. Maybe your short lifespan makes you humans foolish…” The elf gave both the paladin and Sarbas a disparaging look.

	“What? Is that how elves think of us?”

	“This is why those long-ears can’t be trusted!”

	The elf ranger captain had only made things worse.

	“What are you people from the temple and the empire doing? We are here to keep vows, so why would you waste our time by quarreling!” the dragon leader from the Primordial Volcano burst out. “Fight like warriors! Are your weapons for decoration?”

	They were just simpletons… like the Viper, the OJP Sect leader.

	“The Free City Alliance believes that both the Imperial Sword and the Temple Hammer are right. However, it is always possible for someone else to impart more wisdom. The alliance is open to hear from them.”

	“You farming losers… Anyhow, when can we rob the village? You said we can—that’s why we came,” an armed merchant asked, his greed unashamedly bared.

	The female leader of the nomads silently grumbled as she tended to the horses.

	“U-um, people. People… the witch’s den is right in front of us…”

	Only the lords from small countries were getting anxious. Their land was the closest to Preta’s paradise, so they were desperate to suppress the village before its fever spread to their land.

	The “unified” army was a powder keg right now. In contrast, the Sword Emperor and I were relaxing.

	—Man, I’m starting to understand why Preta stirred up a fight between the Hunters. It’s fun to turn people against each other! The Guardian crossed his arms and nodded enthusiastically.

	I know, right?

	It was honestly pretty funny. However, not all of them were a lost cause.

	“Phew. People, step aside please!” A lizardfolk wizard from the Mermaid Fall came forward.

	“I believe the matter at hand is ultimately simple.” The lizardfolk wizard pointed a webbed finger at me. “We just need to verify three facts: is the young man really the Great First Emperor’s messenger, and is the woman actually the witch? If both are true, all that’s left is to determine whether or not he actually managed to control her.”

	She was like the Paladin, the Watchmen League’s assistant leader, trying to mediate the situation so she and the others wouldn’t spiral into chaos and destruction.

	Tired after quarreling with Sarbas Aegim, the paladin leader scrunched up his face. “So how in the world are we supposed to do that?”

	“Don’t worry. I have my ways.” The lizardfolk wizard put her webbed hand in her pocket and pulled out a blue gem that seemed to be made from the ocean depths. “This is the Soul Gem bestowed by the Mermaid Queen.”

	The lizardfolk wizard looked very serious. She sounded like she was showing everyone a treasure so precious that they’d used up a lifetime of luck to lay eyes on it.

	“Using the gem and a drop of blood, we can tell what kind of soul he carries. The gem will shine bright white if his soul is kind, but black if his soul is evil.”

	The Guardian and I leisurely examined the gem.

	Hmm. So it’s similar to the Paladin’s Lie Detector and the Sword Star’s Detective Eyes.

	—Looks like it. Beastfolk are good at inventing a mix of everything.

	The description was quite fancy. It was from the Mermaid Queen and so on… but to us, there was nothing new about it.

	With no idea what we were thinking, the lizardfolk wizard was confident.

	“Now! You said that the woman is the Outskirt Witch and that you are the Great First Emperor’s messenger. If it’s true, accept the trial!” The lizardfolk wizard held up the gem. “The gem will prove all your good and evil deeds!”

	I nodded obligingly. “Alright. Test me all you want.”

	“Don’t regret it. As I told you, the gem will expose your entire soul.”

	“You’ll just keep wagging your forked tongue, won’t you?[1] Are you worried it isn’t going to work?”

	“I pray that your confidence isn’t a bluff.” The lizardfolk wizard’s eyes narrowed. “First, I’ll test that woman’s soul.”

	She strode toward me and Preta and snatched Preta’s wrist. The lizardfolk wizard then scratched Preta’s palm using her sharp fingernail. When she saw her palm bleed, Preta quietly gasped and jerked slightly. One slow drop at a time, her dark red blood was absorbed into the Mermaid Queen’s gem.

	The gem instantly turned black.

	“No!”

	“Oh my!”

	The leaders were horrified. The gem was dyed no ordinary black—the color resembled a seething, slithering abyss.

	Even the wizard performing the test swallowed nervously. “I can’t believe it…! Your soul is so evil. How many evil deeds have you committed…? Such a color shouldn’t come from someone of this world. She is indeed cursed… She is the witch!” the lizardfolk wizard shrieked.

	She quickly let go of Preta’s wrist like it was trash. Her eyes overflowed with disgust and fear.

	“No, calling her a witch is an understatement. I’m sure that she’s a demon king!” the wizard shouted.

	Preta’s back hunched a little more.

	The lizardfolk’s conviction sent a charge through the army. Their low murmurings faded out and the leaders stopped quarreling among themselves. They turned and gave Preta frightening glares. Preta shuffled behind me, her back hunched.

	“It’s your turn now.” The lizardfolk wizard held up her long fingernail.

	All eyes were on me, naturally.

	“Self-proclaimed herald of the Great First emperor, are you ready?”

	I nodded. “I’m always ready.”

	“Bluffing is pointless… Give me your hand, please.”

	I gave her my left hand and the lizardfolk wizard used her sharp fingernail to open a cut that looked like a gill. My blood quietly fell onto the pitch-black gem.

	“Hmm…?” The lizardfolk wizard tilted her head.

	And there was light.

	“H-huh…?”

	At first, it was a flicker of white. Then they amassed and got brighter until every trace of darkness was erased from the gem. After a while, it burst into light.

	The acacia forest instantly brightened. Small cries of surprise arose from here and there as the soldiers shut their eyes and the leaders covered their faces with their hands.

	“H-how…” The lizardfolk lowered her hand, her mouth opening and closing dumbly. “Wait, what in the world? Your soul is…”

	“What in the world is going on!?” the paladin leader yelled. “The Mermaid Queen’s Waterdrop! Why would the gem shine like this?”

	“His soul…” the lizardfolk wizard mumbled without even giving a glance at the paladin leader. “How many lives did he save for it to be so white…! This is… This is…! Ahhh…! He’s light…!”

	Yes, I was light.

* * *

	1. The raw is 갈라진 혓바닥이 길기까지 하구나(Your tongue is already forked, but it’s also long.) The expression “You have a long tongue” is a Korean slang that means you sound like a conman and have something to hide. ☜

Chapter 49

How To Deal With The World (3)

	“L-light…?” the paladin leader stammered.

	The radiant white light from the Soul Gem gradually subsided and people cautiously opened their eyes again.

	“What do you mean? He is light?”

	I wasn’t really good at reading lizardfolk’s faces, but the wizard was very transparent right now. She was touched—I could see dewy tears in her reptile eyes.

	“I told you… He’s… He’s just light…” The lizardfolk wizard was on the verge of tears. “Can’t you tell how sparkling his soul is…?”

	“I-I can’t.”

	“Why not? Are your eyes the problem? Or is it your brain…?”

	The lizardfolk wizard’s sudden doubt made the paladin leader’s expression sour.

	“I don’t really get what you mean when you say he’s light.”

	The lizardfolk wizard quickly turned to him, sobbing. “Ahhh… You people from the temple are such idiots…!”

	“W-what?”

	“He’s light! Just light! Why can’t you see that? Do you not have eyes? Or is your brain missing? It isn’t just white light! It’s whhhhhiiiiiite light!”

	“I-isn’t light supposed to be white?”

	“This is why I—! I can’t have a proper conversation with you humans!” The lizardfolk wizard pounded her chest in annoyance. She looked like she was one wrong move away from pounding on someone’s head instead. The paladin was smart enough to shut his mouth and never opened it again.

	“A person with a soul like that wouldn’t lie to us!” the wizard insisted, her voice choked with emotion. “Even if he’s lying, it’s for our own good! Foolish humans, when your souls are as corrupt as yours, the wisest thing you can do is to quietly obey him. I’m certain that he’s the Great First Emperor’s herald—no, the goddess’s apostle!”

	The lizardfolk wizard looked at me, seeking my agreement. Actually, it wasn’t just the wizard; the entire army in the acacia forest was looking at me with bated breath.

	I held my chin up and put on my most solemn look with my arms crossed. “Yes, I am the goddess’s apostle.”

	“I knew it!” The lizardfolk wizard clenched her fists.

	The soldiers talked among themselves. When they had first seen the holy protector sword, most of the soldiers had been doubtful, but there was a flicker of faith in their eyes now.

	“He’s light.”

	“What is light?”

	“Something glowed, and his sword was all sparkly…”

	“I heard the sword was used by an emperor of Aegim or something. “

	“Then he must be very noble.”

	Sarbas Aegim, the imperial general, and a wizard from the Mermaid Waterfall vouched for me. It was said that even when there wasn’t a tiger, it sounded believable if three people said it was there.[1] Still, I needed one more person to pull it off.

	“No! I still don’t get it!” the paladin leader interrupted. “Let’s say he is ‘light’ and the Great First Emperor’s herald! But why would he come here and stop us? Have you all forgotten about our mission? We need to burn that place!”

	The paladin pointed his finger behind me at Estelle’s home village—Preta’s paradise.

	“The witch wasn’t His Holiness’s only concern. The heretics that followed the witch can’t avoid divine punishment too! If you’re… truly the goddess’s apostle, you should take charge of their penance!” The paladin’s eyes bored into me.

	Preta clutched my sleeve. Even without turning to look, I could easily tell that she was paralyzed by fear.

	It’s okay. The best lie is made from ninety percent truth and ten percent lie!

	My arms were still leisurely crossed. Remembering the Guardian’s advice, I slowly opened my mouth.

	“Watch your mouth, paladin. How divine punishment should be meted out against wicked wrongdoers is not for you to decide. That responsibility lies solely in my jurisdiction.”

	“What…?”

	“I have already collected all the evil from the village and carried out the goddess’s punishment,” I quietly said. “My mission is to deliver divine retribution to the mortal world.”

	“M-mission…?”

	“Let me show you.” I raised my right hand and my shadow swept over the acacia forest.

	When skeletons crawled out from my shadow, the soldiers screamed and the paladin went pale. The other leaders nervously pulled out their weapons. However, the number of skeletons rapidly increased from a few dozen to many hundred. Out of the blue, over four thousand monsters had surrounded the army. On top of that, they emerged from under the ground, like the gates of hell had opened.

	It was my Monster Legion Reincarnation, the revival of my over four thousand skeletons.

	The monsters howled. As indicated by Preta’s presence, Monster Legion Reincarnation was active. I could summon my monsters at any time, but it would look different to the army since they didn’t know what was going on.

	“Th-those are demons!”

	“S-sir.” The paladin leader shivered. “What abominations are those…?”

	“They’re part of my mission.” I put my hand on Preta’s head. She flinched, but didn’t say anything. “You see, the witch isn’t the only wicked human in this big world. Look at them. Every one of them is as evil as her, but I took all of them into my embrace.”

	“A-all of them…?” the paladin blankly repeated.

	“Indeed.” I peered into the sky like a hero with a tragic destiny. “The world is overflowing with evil, so the goddess has ordered me to subjugate them on her behalf! Subjugate and shepherd them! That is why she gave me this ability.”

	My solemn act was flawless.

	“My mission is to subjugate and trap all evil in my hell. That is what you are looking at right now.”

	“Oh my goddess…” Tears flowed out of the lizardfolk wizard’s eyes again. “All these people are as evil as the witch…?”

	I nodded. “Yes.”

	“W-we didn’t know… and yet you’ve been fighting all the evil in this world on your own…?”

	“That is correct.”

	“Oh… No one knew of your toil… And so many—so how could you have done this on your own…? I know you’re the apostle of the goddess, but you’re still human. Are you okay…?”

	“This is my mission!” I nodded again, my arms still crossed. The look on my face was as serious as stone. “You don’t need to punish the witch or her underlings again; I have already incarcerated them in the prison of my shadow. They shall remain trapped and suffer for eternity. I am their hell!”

	“Ahhh… Light…!” The lizardfolk wizard’s legs gave out. “I’m a fool, but I finally understand why your soul shines with such brilliance! You have been saving the continent all along, we just weren’t aware of it!”

	I nodded again. “That is so true!”

	The best lie was made from ninety percent truth and ten percent lie. Everything else might be a lie, but the conclusion of this conversation was true. Wasn’t that all that mattered?

	—You little shit… I have nothing more to teach you! You’ve outdone me! The Guardian looked proud of me.

	What are you talking about? All of this was only possible because of your advice. I still have a lot to learn from you.

	—No, Zombie. You’re already way more fucked up than me… Compared to you, your teacher is as innocent as a child and he can’t deal with a son of a bitch like you… The Guardian pretended to wipe away tears.

	You’re too humble. All of this is nothing compared to you.

	—It’s more than possible for the student to become the master.

	Haven’t you heard the saying that no student is better than their teacher?

	The student and teacher praising each other was a beautiful sight in a world where most human interactions were harsh and calculated.

	“…Anyhow.” I withdrew my monsters. Before the army’s astonished eyes, over four thousand skeletons slipped beneath the shadows like a sinking ship.

	“You don’t have to worry about the witch and her underlings any longer. As long as I’m here, they shall suffer in my prison. This is the goddess’s divine ordained punishment.”

	The paladin hesitated.

	“Don’t tell me you refuse to follow the goddess’ divine will.”

	“B-but… sir,” he nervously ventured, “are we really safe from those horrible demons? I mean… if these demons were to break out, the damage would be catastrophic…”

	“I see,” I slowly replied. “You want to see if I really have the demons under control.”

	“I-I’m sorry, but I am…”

	“Okay.” I flicked my finger.

	One of the skeletons who had yet to disappear approached me and stood between me and the paladin leader.

	He instinctively took a couple of steps backward in surprise. “S-sir, why would you bring this skeleton over here…?”

	“Let me clear your mind of doubts.” I tapped on the skeleton’s shoulder. “Monster, regain your memory.”

	Wastewater surged from the skeleton’s shadow, crawling over its bones and giving it a new form. The skeleton grew muscles and flesh, and what was left of the sludge turned into clothes. In the blink of an eye, a handsome man was standing where a skeleton had been.

	“Arghhh! W-what the fuck!”

	It was a handsome man with a potty mouth.

	“What…? Ugh. Hey, you son of a bitch! Why in the fuck’s name would you make me into this mess! What the hell did I do!?”

	His eyes were blazing with fury. Yes, I had returned the memory of Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, to the skeleton.

	“You crazy motherfucker, I’ll kill you! How dare an asshat like you do this to me! I’ll fucking kill you!”

	“As you can see, this man’s evil can match the witch’s.” I grabbed Yoo Soo-Ha’s shoulder and turned to speak to the leaders. Yoo Soo-Ha tried to break free, but it was no use; it was impossible to defy me, his master.

	I smiled bitterly. “No, he’s more wicked than her in some ways. She was born a monster, but he’s a human by nature. Yet he committed a considerable amount of evil deeds. He burned away everything that stood in his way…”

	“I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you!”

	I really didn’t need to say much.

	“Fuck! Hey! I’ll rip your…”

	Monster Yoo Soo-Ha flooded the acacia forest with every curse in the world. The longer it went on, the paler the leaders’ faces got. In less than sixty seconds, Yoo Soo-Ha had threatened to kill me no less than fifteen different ways. It was amazing.

	After another minute, his curse began to spread to the others.

	“And who the fuck are you?! Hey, you! The lizard and the long-ears! What are you looking at? Do you have a death wish?!”

	As a bonus, he came up with ten new ways to kill their parents and the rest of their family members.

	“S-so ugly and corrupt…!” the lizardfolk wizard hissed, appalled. “I don’t even need to use the Soul Gem. He has the soul of a demon!”

	“Indeed.” The elf ranger captain groaned. “I’ve lived for a long time and met many foolish humans… It’s been a while since I met such an irredeemable human…”

	Oh, be happy, Yoo Soo-Ha. Your greatness is finally acknowledged even in a different world.

	—Zombie, aren’t you disrespecting the dead? the Guardian asked.

	I sure am.

	—Isn’t this a little wrong?

	Yoo Soo-Ha deserves it. Besides, Mr. Sword Emperor, you called me Zombie King. The Zombie King enslaved a zombie. What’s wrong with that?

	—Hmm. You have a point. The logic is sound… The Guardian nodded to himself.

	I know, right?

	—You are indeed way more fucked up than me, Zombie.

	That was just one man’s opinion.

	I flicked my finger once again. “Dance.”

	“W-what? What the fuck…” Yoo Soo-Ha began to tap dance as soon as I gave my command.

	The quick, light sound of Yoo Soo-Ha’s heels against the blossom-covered road tickled the air. It looked like he had spent a great many hours in the clubs. His dancing was something else.

	“No, wait. W-wait! What the fuc—”

	“Show me a different dance.”

	Yoo Soo-Ha began dancing jitterbug. I didn’t know if it was a good thing or not, but he was gifted at dancing. He had no problem dancing the hopak next.

	“I’ll kill you!” Yoo Soo-Ha howled as he threw his body through the hopak. “I-I’ll kill you, you son of a bitch! You fucker! I—! I’ll—! I’ll really! I’ll fucking kill you no matter what it takes!”

	Again, he was dancing the hopak. People who have seen the dance would know that the hopak made even the most vulgar and horrible curses not scary. Even if Hitler were to come back from death and start giving a speech, no one would take him seriously if he was dancing the hopak. That was the power of the hopak.

	“F-fuck…! Fuck! Fuck…!”

	Perhaps he also realized the power of the hopak and the fact that nothing he said would work. He kept on repeating “fuck” while his legs moved to the beat. It made for an awesome background.

	I turned back to the paladin leader. “Are you still worried?”

	The paladin leader gaped blankly.

	“The demons will never disobey me, so don’t worry.”

	The paladin leader slowly got on his knees. “Apostle of the goddess…” His voice quivered. “May I ask for your name…?”

	Everyone in the army was looking at me. I let it wash over me and crossed my arms again.

	“My name is Gong-Ja.”

	The paladin leader bowed deeply. “I’ll do what you say, Sir Gong-Ja…!”

	With that, the most persistent of the leaders gave in.

	[Congratulations.]

	I was glad to hear the voice again.

	[The normal stage has been cleared.]

	[The Hidden Quest The Hero of the Paused World has been completed!]

	I also heard a voice that I wasn’t really glad to hear, the one that belonged to the dude who was rolling in the air and laughing.

	—Y-you crazy motherfucker! What the fuck! You have to be the first person to complete a quest like this! I’m sure of it! Wowieee. Where did a wacko like you come from? Yeah, I have to hand it to you, Kim Gong-Ja!

	Hand what to me?

	—You’re… the light of all wackos!

	That was just one man’s opinion.

* * *

	1. Gong-Ja is talking about 삼인성호(三人成虎). It’s a four-letter idiom about how people begin to believe the rumor if many people talk about it. ☜

Chapter 50

After The Ending (1)

	As the world’s united army withdrew, the Guardian spun in the air, laughing.

	—You wacko! You’re Kim Wacko now!

	For crying out loud… I sighed. Do you know how many nicknames you’ve given me already? Kim Zombie, Zombie King, and Kim Wacko. You’ll fill an entire page with my nicknames at this rate.

	—That sounds good! Let’s go! Become a wacko with dozens of nicknames!

	The Guardian’s laughter filled the sky. Fortunately, not everyone in the world was out to tease me.

	[The boss stage has been cleared.]

	I heard the Tower telling me that I cleared the twentieth floor, just like the time I had cleared the Infernal Mansion stage on the tenth floor.

	[The champion is Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.]

	[Calculating the reward for clearing the twentieth floor…]

	[The calculation is complete.]

	[The reward will be given after you enter the twenty-first floor, which will open in twenty-four hours.]

	I slowly raised my head and, grinning, drank in the blue sky through the acacia trees. Yeah, what does it matter if I’m a wacko? I did my part.

	—Whoa, look at that confidence.

	I cleared the eleventh floor all the way to the twentieth the way I wanted to.

	My goal from the beginning was to make sure no one died. That hadn’t changed, but now that I thought about it, it was a ridiculous idea.

	Not a single Hunter died while I cleared the twentieth floor.

	The Hunters had turned on each other because of the Demon King of Autumn Rain’s temptation. Now that was never going to happen because I had eliminated the source of that tragedy; she was my minion now

	No one from the empire or the rest of the world died.

	While time had been frozen, I had been fighting for a world that wasn’t mine.

	And… I took her in too. I placed my hand on Preta’s head. She was now a prisoner in my shadow. At the moment, she was sitting on the ground, vacantly watching the army. They were supposed to burn her little home, but history didn’t come to pass today. Preta’s paradise was saved. The moment the paladin leader had dropped to his knees, believing that I was the goddess’s apostle, the army had abandoned the hostilities and the mission.

	I was just thinking… I quietly stroked Preta’s head. I would have probably… cleared the twentieth floor even if I just stood by and watched.

	—Huh? Why? the Guardian asked.

	The village being burned down and disappearing is also one of the endings.

	I had realized as I cleared the stages that the Tower didn’t care if we reached a happy ending or a bad ending. As long as it was a proper ending, the Tower acknowledged that the floor had been cleared.

	Otherwise, Yoo Soo-Ha would never have gotten to the fortieth floor.

	The Fire Emperor had chosen to smash the dolls in the Infernal Mansion. On the other hand, I had chosen to play with them. Both of them were recognized as endings.

	The Tower doesn’t decide a world’s future. I turned and looked at the village. And it doesn’t force me into an ending.

	The wheat glowed golden under the sun. The old man was normally quiet and stern, but he now leisurely smoked his cigarette, overlooking the children stealing some of the apples from his orchard.[1]

	This place was the haven of those whose sicknesses were thought incurable.

	This is the ending I chose.

	The sky wasn’t going to pour rain today nor would the land catch fire. I was deeply content. However, the Guardian had an odd look on his face for some reason, as if he was looking at a poor child.

	—I see…

	What’s wrong?

	—You said that this is the ending you chose. The Guardian lifted his finger and pointed. Is that part of the ending you chose?

	And there was Yoo Soo-Ha.

	“Fuck! You fucking piece of shit! You son of bitch! Stop this right now! Do you hear me?! Stop it right now… Fuck! Why can’t I stop!”

	The handsome man was still dancing the hopak at the entrance of the rural village. The crops were ripening beautifully under the blue sky. If I took a video of this sight and uploaded it online, a masterpiece like that would get millions of views.

	Hmm? What’s wrong with that? I tilted my head. Isn’t it freaking beautiful?

	—You’re a true freak… the Guardian mumbled.

	[The twentieth floor has been cleared today.]

	The voice was heard everywhere between heaven and earth. I wasn’t the only one who could hear it this time.

	[Announcement]

	[The twentieth floor has been cleared today.]

	It was the official announcement. Just like the time I cleared the tenth stage, the same voice would probably be speaking all over the Tower.

	I smacked my lip. It’s a shame.

	—What is a shame?

	I don’t have access to the internet here.

	My smartphone was safely tucked away in my bag. It had been five days in the world’s time, but in my time, I hadn’t so much as touched my smartphone for hundreds of days. The first through the tenth floors were the only places in the Tower where people could access the internet.

	It’s gotta be so crazy on the internet now…

	—Huh? Didn’t you stop caring about other people’s reactions? the Guardian asked.

	When did I say that?

	—You said that you want to earn recognition from people like the Black Witch and Gramps Marcus more than you do from the public.

	I shrugged. Come on, the more the merrier. Earn the recognition of people like the Black Witch and Sword Star, gain popularity, and proudly say my conscience is clear. I want all three.

	—Wow, you’re a greedy pig.

	That’s what drives me.

	Fortunately, something arrived quickly to take my mind off of the lack of internet.

	[The twenty-first floor will be unlocked in twenty-four hours.]

	[24:00:00]

	It was just like the last time. Brilliant fireworks bejeweled the sky, and the first firework that had gone off turned into a countdown of light. As soon as it happened, two Hunters—the Black Witch and the Sword Star—arrived on the twentieth floor as if they had been waiting for it.

	“Death King!” The Black Witch used her teleportation Skill and immediately jumped at me. With her arms around my head, she gave the glowing smile I was growing accustomed to. “This is insane! You’re insane!”

	“Argh! Arghhh! Hold on, Black Dragon Master. You’re hurting me—”

	“You’re just a kid! You’re less than thirty years old!”

	I tried to break free, but it was no use. The Black Witch was so strong that I couldn’t escape from her headlock. My god, how much elixir had she consumed?

	“You actually cleared the twentieth floor in five days! It’s crazy! Crazy!”

	“Umm… Black Dragon Master. Why don’t you calm down now…?”

	“You have no idea how wild it is in the Tower! Here!” The Black Witch showed me her smartphone, a model that was at least five years old. Its screen showed a low battery notification and a screenshot of an internet news article, which wasn’t supposed to be accessible here.

	“Is this…?”

	“I stopped by the first floor to take screenshots!” The Black Witch sounded genuinely excited. “There were so many articles I couldn’t screenshot everything! Sorry! But you have to understand, Death King, the Tower and the outside world are going crazy! Look! Even though I only screenshotted the articles with the most clicks, there are so many of them.”

	The Black Witch swiped her screen, showing me a collection of news headlines.

	—Breaking News: The fourteenth floor has also been cleared at the speed of light!

	—The rising star has been given the title of Death King.

	—The Black Dragon Guild officially announces that the Hunter Raid Team is currently composed of three people.

	—Who is the star behind these accomplishments? The Sword Star? The Black Witch? The Death King?

	—Exclusive: Solo Coverage on the Death King.

	There were a lot of news articles. I couldn’t even finish reading the headlines.

	“I know it may not look like it because of the titles.” The Black Witch giggled. “But they’re all about you!”

	“Umm…”

	“Where you’re from, what kind of life you led, how you entered the Tower, how you instantly became a High Ranker. Every article is really about…”

	“W-wait.” I was stunned.

	Not because of the news articles. The flood of articles about me was only natural, and I had already been through it before. I was sure that the internet had been dealing with thousands of fires over the past five days. But I was stupefied because…

	“…Did you screenshot all these yourself?”

	“Yes!” The Black Witch nodded. Her headlock was still in place, so our faces were close. “Of course!”

	“To show me?”

	“What? Why else would I do it?”

	“Umm… So…” I narrowed my eyes. “After you went all the way to the first floor, you searched and screenshotted all the articles so you can show me?”

	“I guess you could put it that way!”

	I imagined the Rank 2 Hunter, also the leader of the Tower’s biggest guild, going all the way to the first floor, and then hammering away at her smartphone to take all those screenshots. And now she was back here, proudly showing off what she had gathered. It was pretty adorable, but I still didn’t understand it.

	“Why would a person like you go through all that trouble…?” I quietly asked.

	“What in the world are you talking about?” The Black Witch beamed. “Because I wanted to do something for you, of course! Oh, yeah. Don’t read the comments later. Those jealous people wreaked havoc in the comment section. They’re saying that it’s all fabricated.”

	She sighed quietly. “Seriously, I don’t know why there’s always people like them. They just don’t know how incredible it is to do it without any casualties! Death King, don’t worry about nobodies. The Black Dragon Guild will help you deal with the media.”

	What? Is she an angel? I wondered.

	—People immediately become angels in your eyes if they’re nice to you even once, don’t they… I know you’ve lived a pitiful life, but get used to people’s goodwill. You have no problem handling malice, so why do you get all mushy when it comes to people’s goodwill? The Guardian clicked his tongue.

	If she isn’t an angel, is she a goddess?

	—You’re nuts… The Guardian gave me a look of disgust. I knew it was going to happen someday, but we’re already here.

	Then you could’ve given me some praise before this. Don’t you know how much I love compliments? The little attention you get during your life in this cold world is very dear. A person like you doesn’t know that feeling, do you?

	—No, it’s… icky… The Guardian actually retched. I’d rather work on finding my eternal peace.

	You psychopath, I bet all my money that you didn’t have a single friend before you died.

	—Hey! What the heck are you talking about? I have a friend!

	Exclude the Sword Star.

	The Guardian looked elsewhere, tacitly admitting my victory. It was unclear what I was victorious in.

	“And look at this, too!” The Black Witch finally released me from her headlock. Instead of showing another screenshot, she opened her small backpack and pulled out a thick pile of newspapers.

	“Look!” She opened the papers wide. “It’s the front page of yesterday’s newspaper!”

	The long list on the newspaper’s first page was what caught my eye first.

	Updated Hunter Ranking!

	Rank 1: Sword Star

	Rank 2: Black Witch

	Rank 3: Death King

	Rank 4: Countess

	Rank 5: Inquisitor

	Rank 6: Viper

	Rank 7: Babel Linguist

	Rank 8: Broadband Communicator

	Rank 9: Paladin

	I was speechless. I finally realized what had happened to the world below the twelfth floor while I had been trapped in my prison of time on my own, fighting the Demon King.

	“I’ve never seen anything like this since the Tower opened up!” The Black Witch laughed. “A Hunter not in the ranking instantly reached the top ten!”

	I was the Rank 3 Hunter. Just like Hunters’ titles, our ranking was decided by the Tower and prominently displayed on the obelisk in the first-floor plaza.

	“I’m sure you haven’t felt it yet… But try heading down to Babylon today. You’ll know your current standing immediately.” The Black Witch rapped my shoulder with a roll of newspaper. “Congratulations, Death King! You also represent all of the Hunters now!”

	Yes, the world had changed in only five days.

* * *

	1. It’s called 서리(seori). In the past, children stealing a little bit of crops was condoned and considered a game in Korea because it was a difficult time and people lacked food. And they only stole a small amount anyway. ☜

Chapter 51

After The Ending (2)

	“You should put some thought into your next move now!” the Black Witch said, playfully hitting my arm with her newspaper. She was obviously so excited that she couldn’t control it.

	“My move?”

	“Yeah! You’re currently in all of the Five Guilds, but that basically means you aren’t part of anywhere. Since things went perfectly, you could even make a guild of your own.” The Black Witch laughed quietly. “You’re the Rank 3 Hunter, so you should at least be a guild leader. It wouldn’t look right if you stayed an ordinary guild member.”

	“Hmm… A guild leader…”

	It didn’t feel real. I couldn’t imagine myself becoming a leader of a guild, either. Besides, did I even need to have Hunters working for me? I had an army of skeletons.

	“Well.” The Black Witch noticed that I wasn’t enthusiastic and shrugged. She glanced over her shoulder at the Sword Star, who was looking at us. “Solo play might be more your thing like the old man over there. There are a surprising amount of people out there who fantasize about taking on the world on their own. I won’t force you if you aren’t interested.”

	“Are you insulting me?” The Sword Star raised an eyebrow.

	The Black Witch turned, ignoring the Sword Star. “Anyhow, who are they?”

	On the side of the forest road, the army was setting up tents. They weren’t going to attack Preta’s paradise anymore, so they were going to rest for the day and then return home.

	I stroked my chin. “Ah, those soldiers are from all across the continent.”

	“The whole continent?”

	“So what happened is…”

	I explained how I fooled the army, excluding the parts about Preta.

	The Black Witch and Sword Star listened to me together. They seemed to have mixed feelings about it.

	“Death King… You’re pretty good at lying too, aren’t you,” the Black Witch remarked. The Sword Star seemed to be thinking the same thing.

	“It’s how I was able to clear the stage without shedding blood.”

	“No, I’m not trying to fault you. You did a great job.” The Black Witch’s eyes narrowed like a merchant smelling a business opportunity. “We get to trade with the people here. That means we won’t have to grovel to the old men in the outside world! Bastards! They always try to rip us off for food. We’ll see how long they can get away with that.”

	She sounded like she had a lot of grudges.

	“Yes, the trade between the Tower and the outside world is imbalanced,” the Sword Star said. “Capital, resources, technology… The outside is wealthier than the Tower in all respects. Yes, the Tower has elixirs and ingredients that can’t be obtained in the outside world, but…”

	“Food! Food is always the problem!” The Black Witch stomped the ground in anger.

	I used to think she was a cold person, but after the three of us had cleared the twelfth to the nineteenth floors, she freely expressed her emotions in front of us. It was a good indication of how close we had become.

	“So, Black Dragon Master, you’re saying you want to trade with the people in this world, right?”

	“Hmm? Of course. The outside world ought to get a taste of their own medicine.”

	I grinned and pointed at the military camp set. “Then you’ll have to talk to them. But it won’t work at all if you just go up to them and say, ’Let’s trade.’ Hunters and the people here are both alien to each other.”

	“You’re right.”

	“You can use my name,” I said. “In this world, I’m the herald of the Great First Emperor and the apostle of the goddess, so two of you can act like the apostles too. It’ll help you get the talks started.”

	The Black Witch narrowed her eyes thoughtfully. “I’m grateful to hear that. It’ll be really helpful, but I don’t think you’re saying that you’re going to let us use your name for free… What do you want?”

	“The twentieth floor.”

	“What?”

	I looked around. The acacia forest, the small plain, and Estelle’s home. This small world was all there was to the twentieth floor.

	“I want the twentieth floor,” I repeated.

	It took a while for the Black Witch to continue, “…Wait. The twentieth floor? You want to have the twentieth floor all to yourself?”

	“Yes, I want the ownership of the land, to be exact.”

	“That’s…”

	“In return, I won’t take any spoils from the eleventh through the nineteenth floors. Once you begin with them, you and the others can share the revenue among yourselves.”

	The Black Witch closed her mouth. That was a shocking offer. When Hunters cleared a stage, the champions normally divided the loot, from the ownership of items to the resources; however, half of the rights were left unclaimed so that everyone in the Tower could use them. Still, there was no precedent for one person having an entire floor to themself.

	“This… isn’t something I can decide on my own,” the Black Witch said with a troubled look. “I need to call the other guild leaders and discuss with them.”

	“Well, I have nothing to do for the next twenty-four hours anyway. I’ll wait.”

	“…Do you really want this stage?” The Black Witch quickly looked around her. “From what I’ve seen, the land doesn’t look valuable. This path… is pretty, but it’s small. There’s not much land for farming.”

	I nodded.

	“Death King, I’m speaking from experience: you’ll get much more from your share of the loot. You’ll get multiple fortunes.”

	I smiled. “I prefer real estate to money. Having land of your own is the best.”

	She gave me a look.

	“Do we have a deal?” I asked.

	The Black Witch sighed. “I’ll set up a meeting with the guild leaders. Let’s discuss it on the first floor.”

	“Okay.”

	“Yeah, you need to show yourself to people anyway. But…” The Black Witch slowly met my eyes. “…there is a question I’ve been wanting to ask.”

	“Go on.”

	“…Who is that?”

	I followed the Black Witch’s finger.

	“F… uck… Sob… You shithead. Stop…! Stop this…! Is that so damn difficult to do?! Fuck! What do you have against me? What did I do…!”

	The Tower’s best dancer was flaunting his skill, his sweat and desperate tears decorating the forest like the morning dew. It was beautiful.

	“Black Dragon Master.” I beamed. “You saw nothing.”

	“Huh?”

	“You saw nothing.”

	The Black Witch looked like a biologist who’d just run into the biggest mystery of her life.

	“Yeah, there are all kinds of people out there. I’ll try to understand,” the Black Witch muttered. “But I see. You aren’t sane either…”

	That was still just one woman’s opinion.

	* * *

	After unsummoning Preta and the Fire Emperor, I headed to the first floor with the other Hunters.

	“Do you mind if we meet at the cafe we were in last time?” the Black Witch asked.

	“No, I don’t mind. Anywhere is fine for me.”

	It really had been a while since I was last in Babylon, the first-floor city. In other people’s eyes, it would look like I was back after five days, but that wasn’t true for me. It had taken years for me to get back to the city.

	I sighed.

	“What’s wrong?”

	“Nothing. It’s just that I finally feel that I cleared the stages.”

	The Black Witch chuckled. “It might be too early for that.”

	“Hmm?”

	“I told you. You’re all people are talking about in the Tower. Brace yourself.”

	I didn’t even need to ask. Pedestrians, street merchants, and Hunters who were about to leave for the hunting grounds began to chatter almost immediately after I set foot on the first-floor teleportation stone.

	“Huh?”

	“Is that…”

	“It’s the Black Witch and the Sword Star.”

	“Then that person is…”

	“It’s the Death King! The Death King is here!” someone shouted.

	That set them off. Dozens, perhaps hundreds of people, turned to look. Customers had been studying second-hand weapons on the stands, couples had been enjoying their coffee at the outdoor cafe, a merchant had been selling rare flowers, and a Hunter had been chatting with her colleague. However, all of them either stood up or turned their heads.

	“Wow… Oh…”

	“There’s a rumor that you cleared the twentieth floor on your own! Is that true?”

	“Please look over here! Wait! Over here!”

	There wasn’t any time to do something about it. In a blink of the eye, the crowd surrounded me and the others. With one more blink, the human siege had doubled.

	“Ummm…” I wasn’t sure what to do.

	“Don’t say anything,” the Black Witch whispered so only I could hear it. “You have no experience dealing with the media yet, do you?”

	“Yeah, I don’t, of course.”

	“Mystery or top star?”

	“Say what?” I asked.

	“I’m asking about your media image. Do you want to go mysterious? Or do you want to be a top star?”

	The crowd had tripled in size by now, and the other Hunters and I seemed to walk thirty times slower.

	Camera flashes went off at every step. Oh, my god. I couldn’t even think!

	“I need your answer right now, but once you decide what your image is going to be, it’s difficult to change it.”

	“Uhhh… I understand going for mysterious, but what do you mean by becoming a top star?”

	“It’s like a movie star,” the Black Witch said. “You’ll need a new SNS account and two separate secretaries. One for your image, and another for handling the media for you. You also need a stylist to be in charge of your looks and fashion. Ah, don’t worry about the money. The Black Dragon will help you with that.”

	It was already hectic, but this felt even worse.

	The Sword Star frowned. “I work alone because I don’t want to deal with all of that nonsense,” he spat.

	It sounded absolutely reasonable.

	“Mysterious guy, please…” I mumbled, my voice already strained by fatigue.

	“Are you sure about that? With the right management, people change. You’ll definitely become more handsome, and you’re going to be able to interact with other people from a new perspective. The Inquisitor models for magazines and has his own photo book, you know.”

	I knew that very well. As a fanboy, I used to cut those photos out of magazines before I had regressed over four thousand days. That was how I knew that the Black Witch was also frequently featured on magazine covers.

	But it was a different story if I had to do it.

	“No. Mysterious! Please let me go mysterious!”

	“Why? Do you not want to do photoshoots?” the Black Witch asked.

	I would rather get shot in the head!

	“I would be embarrassed to death!”

	“Everyone is like that at first. Wait, the Inquisitor wasn’t… but he’s an exception. Death King, if we have to talk about embarrassing, what you shouted on the ramparts is way more—”

	“I’ll leave the Five Guilds if you don’t let me go mysterious,” I said from the bottom of my heart.

	The Black Witch laughed quietly. “Yeah, you would. You seem like the type.”

	“What should I do if I want to stay mysterious?”

	“It’s simple. Make a very good poker face.”

	It was my first time hearing such advice.

	“Any activities on SNS are forbidden. Never accept an interview from magazines. It’s the same for personal streamers or other media. Doing an interview once or twice a year is okay. If you want, I’ll send you the reporters I’ve screened in advance. “

	“…Is that all?”

	“You don’t know how difficult this is.” The Black Witch laughed playfully. “Attention is a drug. The most addicting one of all.”

	“It’s also the drug that ruins people in every way possible,” the Sword Star added.

	“Yes, people can be happy with just ten people’s attention. And you’ve reached a place where millions of people will react to every word you say. Not many people can resist that kind of high.”

	The crowd grew in size again. It felt like everyone from the city was here.

	“It’s all pointless,” the Sword Star commented.

	“But it feels good,” the Black Witch said. “Perhaps celebrities should learn to enjoy it. They hang on a little longer until they get sick of the drug or of their other celebrities who are on the same drug. What is your choice, Death King?”

	I looked around at the wall of people. There was no escape. Camera flashes went off incessantly, so I had to squint, which made the flashes look like a mirage. The wall of people just seemed like a shadow.

	“…Not many people care what other people think about themselves as much as I do,” I answered. “I want recognition. I don’t know it very well… but I think receiving attention and recognition is a little different.”

	I remembered the Fire Emperor, the absolute center of attention in the Tower before I had regressed.

	“I’m fine without millions of people’s attention. The attention I get from the people around me is enough. It doesn’t matter if it’s from hundreds of thousands of people or millions of people… What I want from people… is recognition, not attention.”

	“Okay.” The Black Witch smiled. “I personally believe they aren’t completely different, but I respect your answer.”

	“Thank you.”

	“It’s good that you are who you are,” she commented.

	I remembered that she had said something similar before.

	“So how do you do a good poker face?” I asked.

	“I’ll tell you my trick.”

	I could hear the crowd from all directions. My group’s speed decreased to ten centimeters per second.

	“Remember a really bad memory.”

	“A bad memory.”

	“Yes, for me, it’s a memory from when I was seven years old. When I was in the outside world, my father died during the civil war,” the Black Witch calmly said, “I was running away with my parents at the time. I think the soldiers were chasing after us. Father stayed behind and yelled, ’Run! Don’t look back!’ But…”

	The Black Witch led the way through the crowd. “…I really ran without looking back. Even though I heard gunshots, I didn’t turn back. I kept running.”

	The cameras kept flashing.

	“You were young,” I quietly said.

	“I was young,” the Black Witch repeated. “I’m not saying I hate the fact that I ran away. I was a child. But why didn’t I even look back? It would have been easy to at least look behind me.”

	I didn’t say anything.

	“That’s the memory I think of when I need a poker face. Whenever I recall the way my chest hurt back then, I can make a great poker face. It’s my little trick.” The Black Witch looked at me. “I’m sure that you have a couple of memories like that too.”

	I actually had one. I recalled the time the Fire Emperor had grabbed me by the head and burned me to death in the dark alley.

	“Yeah, I do.”

	Even without looking in the mirror, I could tell that I was wearing a perfect poker face right now.

	“Look over here for a moment, please!”

	“Can you give us any comments?”

	“Black Dragon Master, when will we hear your official announcement?”

	“What is the relationship between you two!”

	“Mr. Sword Star! What do you think about the Death King?”

	When I looked around again, I could see my surroundings better. This was my first time being surrounded by a crowd this size and being dazzled by camera flashes like this, but I was getting used to it. It didn’t feel hectic like earlier. I felt calm like I usually did.

	“It works great.”

	The corners of the Witch’s mouth rose. “You’re a quick learner. You’ll get used to it pretty quick.”

	The world was certainly different after five days, but not different enough to change me.

Chapter 52

After The Ending (3)

	After passing through the crowd, we finally arrived at the cafe, where I saw familiar faces.

	“Hahaha. Welcome!” The Inquisitor, the leader of the Pantheon, waved his right arm. “I can’t believe you actually cleared all those floors and the twentieth floor in five days! It’s the greatest thing I’ve ever seen since the Tower appeared. I deeply respect you, Mr. Kim Gong-Ja. Wait, I should call you Death King now!”

	“I’m still wondering if I’m dreaming, though…” The Paladin sipped on her iced coffee. “To be honest, I thought you, the Black Dragon Master, and the Sword Star would fail and end up dead. You even cleared the twentieth floor on your own, right? If you have a secret to your success, please share.”

	“Secrets…” I sat by the table. “Things work out if I live a kind life.”

	“That’s very practical advice.” The Paladin smiled bitterly.

	“It’s good to see you again. It’s been a while—how have all of you been?” I asked.

	“Well, it’s only been five days; I wouldn’t call that ‘a while’.” The Countess puffed on her churchwarden pipe. “At first, we stayed in the audience chamber like we promised to you—a promise is a promise, after all—but after some time, the empire’s NPCs suddenly started moving around. I was shocked!”

	“Oh, yeah.” I blinked in surprise. That must have happened when I had defeated the Demon King on the twelfth floor. After defeating the Demon King for the first time, I had received a quest, which had triggered time resuming on the twelfth floor.

	“That didn’t occur to me. What happened afterward?”

	“The NPCs thought we invaded the palace to overthrow the king!” The Inquisitor giggled. “Someone with fancy clothes roared ’Get those traitors!’ The Imperial Knights and their elite soldiers came running to get us. Gosh, I had goosebumps!”

	“But this kid has many tricks up his sleeve.” The Viper, the one-eyed Hunter who led the OJP Sect, tousled the Inquisitor’s hair. “We obediently let them lock us up and then escaped from the prison. Tsk. Seriously, that was crazy.”

	“Hahaha! Wasn’t it fun? I didn’t expect a hidden passageway like that in the dungeon! That brought me back to my childhood!”

	“Huh? You said that the Bulgarian mafias held you captive when you were young.”

	“Yes!” The Inquisitor smiled innocently. “That’s why it brought me back to my childhood! Prison! Underground dungeons! Escape! Those are the highlights of my treasured childhood! Ahhhh… that’s all so nostalgic now.”

	“You nuthead…” The Viper let out a long, loud sigh.

	It looked like the guild leaders had been on quite a ride while I was having my hero’s showdown with the Demon King.

	“Yes, we all led fascinating lives in the outside world.” The Black Witch shrugged, joining the table. “The Countess was born in India’s trash mountain. Viper, your parents were gangster execs. The Paladin went through quite a lot in Venezuela. We’re all trash in the eyes of people in the outside world, aren’t we?”

	The air in the cafe quickly became heavy. No one made a sound except for the Paladin, who sipped on her coffee.

	“…This really isn’t the kind of conversation to have in a place like this.” The Paladin’s eyes lingered subtly on my face. “Are you treating the Death King as one of us now?”

	“Yes,” the Black Witch said. “The rest of you wouldn’t know, but the Death King played a vital role in clearing up to the twentieth floor.”

	“We’re aware.”

	The Black Witch shook her head. “No, you aren’t. We didn’t take a single casualty in this expedition even with how many Hunters were at the eleventh-floor stage together. Every one of them came back alive. That’s all thanks to the Death King. He told me all the tactics I needed to use.”

	All eyes were firmly on me now. The cafe was completely silent.

	“It’s true.” I shrugged.

	“I want to make this man the hero that represents the Tower,” the Black Witch continued. She carefully met the eyes of each of the Hunters sitting around the table one by one. “Countess, you love money too much.”

	“I can’t deny that,” the Countess casually answered.

	“Inquisitor, you’ve killed too many people.”

	“Yes!” The Inquisitor’s hand shot into the air. “That was a necessary sacrifice!”

	“Paladin, you hate receiving attention.”

	“It’s just my personality.” The Paladin took a sip of her coffee.

	“And Viper, you’re…”

	“Huh? What?” The Viper scratched his chin.

	“…I’m sorry. You’re too ugly,” the Black Witch finished with a genuinely apologetic expression.

	The Viper, aghast, opened and closed his mouth. However, his head soon drooped. He was the very picture of the grief of a middle-aged man.

	“As all of you already know, the Sword Star is just an old man who’s obsessed with his sword.”

	The Hunters nodded.

	“I often have to work from the shadows, so I can’t do it,” the Black Witch went on. Finally, her sharp gaze landed on me. “In contrast, the Death King doesn’t have a public image yet. If we try, it’s more than possible to make him the perfect hero. This is a chance to refresh the Tower’s image.”

	The Inquisitor stroked his chin. “I see. We’re all old news, so it’s true that we’ve lost our influence a little! We keep printing magazines about Hunters, but the sales are gradually decreasing in the outside world!”

	The Black Witch nodded. “Yes, that’s what I’m talking about.”

	“Then we should start working on his image today!” The Inquisitor stood up energetically and circled me like a puppy. “Hmm. You’re a little small, but that’s okay! As you can see from me, cameras and photoshop can take care of it!”

	“Umm…” I thought the Inquisitor’s selling point was his petiteness.

	A wide smile spread on the petite Hunter’s small face. “’Death King, the small but big-hearted man.’ A catchphrase like that will work perfectly!”

	Before I could retort, the Black Witch, the Countess, the Viper, and the Paladin clustered around me. Regardless of their affiliation, they gathered around and examined me from head to toe.

	“I’m asking this just in case: are you dating anyone?” the Inquisitor loudly asked.

	“N-no, I’m not.”

	“Did you ever date anyone after you entered the Tower?”

	“No, I haven’t.” I shook my head.

	“In other words, there’s no chance of a romance scandal. Perfect.”

	I didn’t really get what it was supposed to be perfect for.

	The High Rankers began to talk among themselves.

	“I’ve been watching, and he looks a little like a third-rate villain if he smiles. So I think that he should stay mysterious. He has a good poker face, so it’ll work.”

	“But dating no one is a problem in its own way,” the Paladin said. “We should create a romance scandal ourselves. If not, people outside will fabricate…”

	“It’s okay. I’ll handle it,” the Black Witch reassured them.

	“Oh! Love sprouted during five days of fighting for your lives together? Hahaha! Good, good! We’ll be able to create a story that people will love!”

	“How about we release a story that the Death King has been donating a significant amount of his earnings to orphanages? There are some donations I’ve been making anonymously for a time like this. I’ll say that they were the Death King’s donations.”

	“Yes, please do that, Countess.”

	What? What was happening right now?

	“Let’s get on with it! We should get photographers!” The Inquisitor beamed. “We’d better bring in stylists too—we have to give the media at least one photo today. I’ve already made several videos of the battle we had on the eleventh floor, so I’ll spread them online at the right time!”

	“No, wait. Excuse me, everyone…” I reached out to them.

	“Don’t worry.” The Black Witch stopped me with a smile. I could feel her long experience from her smile. “Death King, you don’t need to worry about a thing. We’ll take care of everything. You should… Yes, you should keep doing what you’ve been doing.”

	“Wait, you said I can go mysterious. Why do I need a stylist?” I quickly asked.

	“It’s just for one day. Please.” The Black Witch pressed her hands together pleadingly. “Everyone in the world wants to know about you. One photo—just take one photo and show it to people. Please? It’s going to be okay, Death King. Our exclusive stylists are all amazing.”

	Thirty minutes later I discovered that it was absolutely not going to end with one photo.

	“Look over here please!”

	Flash!

	Over ten stylists came running. They dressed me and did my hair. Every time they put me in different clothes and slightly changed my hair, the photographer’s camera went off.

	“Yes, good. Please hold up a dagger this time! Pretend you’re a wolf searching for your prey in the depths of the forest!”

	“No… Wait…” I groaned.

	“Very good!”

	Flash!

	The Hunters were in a huddle behind the photographer, watching me like a hawk while I posed and whispering to each other.

	“He looks surprisingly good in a suit.”

	“Maybe we should add a bit of a mischievous boy image.”

	“No! That’s my image!”

	“That is true. Then what should we do… How about a young man burning with adventurous spirit?”

	“Let’s go with that.”

	Flash!

	“Very good!” The photographer gave me a thumbs-up.

	Very good, my ass.

	—Hahahahahaha! Haha! Haha! Hahahahahahahaha! The Guardian had been rolling in the air for a while now.

	Even after two hours, the photoshoot was nowhere close to completion. Finally, my patience ran out.

	“Forget it! I’m not doing this anymore!” I took off my jacket and threw it on the floor. “Hunters’ jobs are to climb the Tower! What’s with all this media image and photoshoots? You all couldn’t get through the tenth floor for years because you were too busy worrying about this crap!”

	The air got cold and quiet. Perhaps my sincerity worked, because the Black Witch and the other Hunters were looking at my face, nodding.

	“…That line wasn’t bad.”

	“Yes, he really is a young man with a burning passion for adventure!”

	“Let’s make our next magazine tagline, ’Hunters are who climbs the Tower.’”

	“We used to have spunk like that when we were in our twenties…”

	It didn’t work one bit.

	“Ah, forget it! I’m here to talk about the twentieth floor. You all can have all the rights from the eleventh to the nineteenth floors, so let me have the ownership of the land in the twentieth floor!”

	The Hunters nodded again.

	“Adding how he isn’t greedy to his image will be good too.”

	“How about this for the headline of tomorrow morning’s paper? ’Death King declares he will share the rights of the eleventh to the nineteenth floors with all Hunters. He’s satisfied with clearing the Tower.’”

	“Sounds good to me!”

	“’Death King has been secretly making donations to orphanages’ will make a good article for the second page.”

	“Yeah; then let’s say we offered the land on the twentieth floor to the Death King as a sign of our gratitude and respect.”

	“It’s perfect! Ahhh. A beautiful ending!”

	No. They didn’t listen to me at all. They were too distracted by trying to make me a hero.

	“Give up, young man,” the Sword Star said curtly. He’d been leaning against a pillar. “The same thing happened after I became the Rank 1 Hunter. They said all sorts of things. ’There is such a thing as senior rizz.’ ’You should groom your mustache differently.’”

	Oh my god.

	“Those kids want to show the outside world that their lives are good and that they should be proud of them. It’s sort of an inferiority complex,” the Sword Star quietly informed me. “They abandoned everything from the outside world when they entered the Tower, so what drives them to act like this…?”

	He turned his back on them. “Let’s go.”

	“What?” I asked.

	“It will never end if you stay here. After they’re done with your photoshoot, they will say it’s time to make some video. And then they will ask you to prep for your press conference. That is how those kids are. You’ll lose your entire day if you don’t run away now.”

	What a horrible thought.

	“Let’s run!” I immediately said.

	“You made the right decision.”

	We focused our aura into our feet and took off. I heard gasps behind us, but I didn’t stop.

	“Death King!” The Black Witch shouted. “We’re going to have a press conference tomorrow, so try to be back by tomorrow morning! You shouldn’t attract attention just yet, so if you have to, use the roofs to get away! Be careful!”

	—Hey, I don’t think she’s an angel or a goddess. She sounds like your mom. The Guardian giggled.

	She really was, although I didn’t really know what mothers were supposed to be like.

	* * *

	It was already sunset. Following the Black Witch’s advice, we fled across the roofs. When I looked down, I could see hundreds of people still crowded in front of the cafe, plus the reporters from broadcasting networks.

	It would have been a disaster if we’d used the main door!

	Leaping from one red roof to another, we eventually arrived at the bell tower in the plaza. The bell tower’s young guard, who had been playing with his smartphone, recognized us after a moment and gasped.

	“M-Mr. Sword Star!”

	The Sword Star skillfully entered the top floor of the bell tower. “I’m sorry, but could you excuse us for a moment?”

	“Ah… Umm… Well…”

	“We’ll be done in five minutes.”

	The young guard, suddenly confronted by a living legend, was at a loss to be asked by a living legend to give privacy. His eyes wandered for a moment, but when they locked with mine, the guard’s eyes widened. “No way… Death King?”

	I nodded. “Yeah, that’s me.”

	“Wow! Woah! It’s my first time meeting the two of you in person! Wow! This is awesome!” The guard hurriedly rummaged through his bag and pulled out a romance novel. It looked like he had brought it with him to kill some time during his shift. “T-this is the only paper I have right now! Can you give me an autograph, Mr. Sword Star?”

	The Sword Star took the novel. He looked used to it. “Do you have a pen?”

	“H-here!”

	“What is your name, young man?”

	“I-I haven’t received a title…!”

	The young guard gave the Sword Star his name and the Sword Star signed the book neatly and returned it. At this point, the guard just looked like an innocent boy. The guard turned back to me. For some reason, his eyes sparkled too brightly. “Can I also ask for yo-yours, Mr. Death King?”

	My autograph?

	“Umm… I’ve never autographed anything…” I moved back a little.

	“Please! It’s my biggest wish!”

	I ended up receiving the novel and the pen. It seemed like the smallest “biggest wish” I’d ever heard. I awkwardly looked at the novel.

	When I grabbed the pen to write my autograph, it suddenly hit me that this was my first time writing down “Death King”. By then, my autograph was right next to the Sword Star’s.

	“T-thank you! Thank you so much!” The guard bowed again and again. He quickly reclaimed his book as if he were worried that autographs would disappear.

	“Um…” It was an odd feeling. I couldn’t quite decide how I felt about it.

	“I’ll make this a family heirloom! Don’t worry! I’ll never sell this to anyone! Thank you so much to both of you! Have a great weekend!” The guard disappeared down the bell tower stairs.

	“Yes! I hit the jackpot!”

	His excited voice grew fainter and fainter. By the time he was finally out of earshot, only a speck of sunset and the sound of two people breathing remained. Both the Sword Star and I were silent for a while.

	“Mr. Sword Star.”

	“Young man.”

	The Sword Star and I spoke at the same time, our voices canceling out each other’s. The awkward silence didn’t last long. With a calm look, I turned to the Sword Star.

	“To you, I must look like I’m the mass murderer of the century, who deserves nothing but the harshest of punishments. But you’ll see another mass murderer when you look in the mirror. Yourself.”

	The Sword Star was looking at the sunset, not me.

	“But you wouldn’t punish yourself. I believe that’s because you have a clear standard for who you kill—you aim to punish those who killed many people.” I watched the sunset play on the Sword Star’s face. “I have also done what I did with a clear standard. It’s to punish those who will hurt a lot of people. While you kill people because they’ve already murdered many people, I kill people because they will kill a lot of people.”

	It was the intricate lie I had prepared for the Sword Star ever since I had deceived him into believing that I was a clairvoyant.

	“So, Mr. Sword Star, we’re practically working for the same—”

	Before I could finish my lie, the Sword Star said, “Young man, you don’t need to try that hard to convince me.”

	“Mr. Sword Star, I…”

	“Young man.” His quiet voice made me hold my tongue. The Sword Star’s eyes were still on the sunset. “I’m different from other Hunters.”

	It sounded a bit out of the blue.

	“Black Witch, Countess, Inquisitor, Viper, Paladin… All of those children went through a very rough life in the outside world, but I was different. I was born and raised without any depravity.”

	I was aware that Marcus Carlenbery was from a prestigious family from Europe. To be precise, I had learned that when I had been researching him. Yes, his family was quite well known in Northern Europe.

	“By the time the Tower appeared, I had experience running a business; I got married, had children, and saw my children give me grandchildren. I was successful in every way I could imagine,” the Sword Star calmly said. “But that got me wondering.”

	“It got you wondering what?” I asked.

	“I was curious if my success was really from my ability.” The Sword Star slowly drew his sword. “Perhaps it was all possible because I had been born in a good country.”

	The sunset continued to seep into the bell tower’s top floor, staining the sword blood-red despite being pristine.

	“I was born into a good family, received a good education, and met good friends. I was surrounded by the best things in the world. All of that might be a fancy birdcage. Although I was confident that I had built everything I had… maybe it was just the delusions of the one trapped inside the cage.” The Sword Star’s eyes were as sharp as his sword. “No, I didn’t want to believe it.”

	His voice carried emotions from his heart that were as red as the sunset. “I was certainly born in luxury, but I’m still confident that I got where I am on my own. And I want to prove that my pride wasn’t a delusion.”

	“…That’s why you came to the Tower.” I nodded.

	The Sword Star nodded. “Those who entered the Tower can never return to the outside world, so I was without my family or my loyal subordinates. I’m on my own, and I want to prove my life. But I think I let my guard down too much and I wasn’t aware of it.”

	His face was deeply wrinkled.

	“Open my Skill Card.”

	A silver card floated above the Sword Star’s palm.

	Detective Eyes

	Class: B-

	Effect: You can see other people’s kill counts. Does not include indirect murder. Only the murders the person committed with clear intention are tallied.

	※However, you can’t see the means of murder.

	“I was a fool.” The Sword Star looked down at his Skill Card. “I decided to trust only my eyes and hands… but one day I realized that I was relying on something called a Skill. Instead of seeing the world with my own eyes, I looked at the world through my Skill. I blindly believed my Skill’s assessment like everyone else, rather than making a judgment of my own.”

	His blue eyes turned to me. “Young man, I’ll ask you one last time: did you take any innocent lives?”

	I came to a realization: this is why he said I didn’t need to convince him. Yes, you convinced someone through their head; however, even the most intricate lies would only get through their brain. They didn’t touch people’s hearts. What I had to do was get through to the Sword Star’s heart like what I had done with the Tower’s Pillars.

	“No, I never have, Mr. Sword Star,” I said, speaking from my heart. “And I never will.”

	The Sword Star closed his eyes as if he was ruminating on my expression and voice. Silence hung in the air.

	“…Hah!”

	He threw the card into the air and his glittering blade cut it neatly in two. Golden sunset shone through the gaps between the pieces, which soon scattered into motes of light. His Skill was destroyed.

	“I’ll trust my judgment. Thank you for enduring this old man’s stubbornness for the last five days.” The Sword Star sheathed his sword. “I know it’s late, but I want to say that it was a pleasure to clear the twelfth to nineteenth floor with you. Rest well today. The twenty-first floor will open right after the press conference ends tomorrow.”

	The Sword Star took a step forward and stopped. Before he leaped to another building’s roof, he briefly looked at me. “I look forward to your work on the next floor, Death King.”

	And then he zipped away from the bell tower.

	I couldn’t open my mouth for a long time.

	“…Mr. Sword Emperor.”

	—Yeah.

	“…The Sword Star gave me his approval just now, didn’t he?”

	—It looks like it. The Guardian nodded.

	Relief rushed over me, turning my legs into jelly. The stone floor was cold. I blankly looked up at the sky, which was such a thick red that it was almost black.

	“Wow… It’s really… It’s really over. The twentieth floor is mine. The guild leaders will take care of the media… Yeah, it’s really over.”

	—What do you mean over? If someone saw you, they’d think you just cleared the fiftieth floor. The Guardian laughed quietly.

	“I feel like I cleared the ninetieth floor.”

	—Tsk, tsk, tsk. I sometimes wonder if you’re a lion or a mouse.

	“Sometimes I wonder too, actually…”

	Anyhow, all of my business on the twentieth floor down was taken care of. The thought gave me a subtle feeling of satisfaction.

	[The Goddess of Protection admires your accomplishments!]

	It had been a while since I heard that divine voice.

	“Huh?” Come to think of it, the Goddess of Protection had been quiet even though the Demon King of Autumn Rain was defeated. No, the goddess was always quiet, except for the time I had cleared the twelfth floor.

	[The Goddess of Protection has given her approval for everything you have done!]

	The voice continued as if she were trying to make up for the silence until now.

	[The Goddess of Protection believes that although you aren’t actually her apostle, you have enough qualifications to become one.]

	[The Goddess of Protection has given her approval for you to continue using her in the future!]

	The message was getting weird.

	“…What do you mean ‘to continue using you’?”

	[The Goddess of Protection is sad to hear your reply after all the good time you and her spent together.]

	I really couldn’t understand what was going on.

	“All the good time we spent together…?”

	[The Goddess of Protection asks you to look down.]

	I did that, but I saw nothing except the stone floor.

	[The Goddess of Protection asks you to look a little bit to the left.]

	When I followed her instructions, my eyes landed on my legs and waist. On my waist was the sheathed Lefanta Aegim’s Holy Protector Sword, the legendary weapon bestowed by the Goddess of Protection to the first emperor of the Aegim Empire.

	“…Hold on. No way…”

	[The Goddess of Protection urges you to focus on your waist.]

	I felt a chill run down my spine. The time I had fought the Demon King’s army on the twelfth floor crossed my head. At the time, the Goddess of Protection had said that she used the last bit of her power and as soon she had said that, something I had been holding burst into light. There was no other miracle. In other words…

	“Wait, wait. When I was fighting against the Demon King, the Goddess of Protection was occasionally mentioned…” My voice was thick with disbelief. “This whole time, you’ve been… a sword?”

	After a moment, I had an answer.

	[The Goddess of Protection has affirmed your statement!]

	Oh my god. It looked like my holy sword was genuinely divine.

Chapter 53

The Ultimate Fan (1)

	「This is an amazing video BBS just acquired. You are looking at the Hunter known as the Black Witch leading the Hunter Raid Team on the eleventh floor. Ah! Zoom in here, please. Yes, perfect! Please pause the video for a moment.」

	I sat in an empty waiting room, blankly watching the television.

	「Can you see it, fellow viewers? The Black Witch is holding hands with another Hunter, who we presume is the Death King. Unless the video was fabricated, it looks like the Death King killed the eleventh-floor boss monster in one strike. Hunters like to call this One Hit Kill, but it’s never been done on a boss monster before.」

	The two anchors buzzed with excitement.

	「So, this is the first, isn’t it?」

	「Yes, exactly. While yes, he had the Black Witch’s help, the Death King seems to be the only one who directly engaged the boss monster.」

	The bottom of the screen read, “Death King to hold a press conference this afternoon.”

	「Let’s go on to our next video.」

	「The mysterious Death King returned to Babylon using the teleportation stone yesterday afternoon, revealing himself. As you can see, the Black Witch and Sword Star are with him.」

	「It looks like the two Hunters are guarding the Death King.」

	「I’ll increase the volume so our viewers can get a better feel for what it was like at the site.」

	They played a video that seemed to have been taken on someone’s smartphone, showing me walking with a blank face.

	「Look over here for a moment, please!」

	「Don’t push! Mr. Sword Star! Please give me a comment!」

	「Black Dragon Master, when will we hear the official announcement?」

	「What is the relationship between you two…!」

	I couldn’t take it anymore and had to use the remote control.

	—Why did you turn it off? I was having fun. The Guardian, who had been watching the television with me, gave me a look of annoyance.

	“I feel like I’m going to die from embarrassment!”

	It had been a day since I earned the Sword Star’s recognition, and today was the day of the press conference. It was going to start soon. The Five Guild leaders were going to talk about the recent accomplishments in clearing the Tower; that job was mostly for the guild leaders, but I had been invited as a special guest. That was why I was in the waiting room.

	—Who cares if you do? You won’t stay dead anyway.

	“I still hate it!”

	I had been watching the television because I had nothing to do before the press conference. However, that was a mistake.

	—Tsk. Alright. Change it to a different channel.

	“Every channel is talking about me anyway!”

	It wasn’t just the news. Almost every channel talked about how the twentieth floor had been cleared. I couldn’t escape even if I got on the internet. I had actually become a celebrity overnight.

	[The Goddess of Protection points out that this is an indication of how unprecedented your accomplishment is.]

	The holy sword vibrated from its position on my waist.

	[The Goddess of Protection says that a hero is a celebrity, which comes with a price.]

	[The Goddess of Protection advises you to get used to your position!]

	I looked down at the holy sword uncomfortably. “I was too tired to talk much yesterday, so I just went to sleep… But, Miss Goddess, aren’t you overrating me?”

	[The Goddess of Protections says that you are light!]

	The holy sword shook harder. For some reason, she sounded like an idol’s fangirl.

	[The Goddess of Protection whispers that she still remembers the moment vividly. On the ramparts, you roared and declared that you would leave the empire in the hands of its people.]

	[The Goddess of Protection found the moment very imposing…]

	“Arghhhh!” I covered my ears. “Stop! Stop it! I said that when I was too emotional!”

	However, it was no use. The holy sword spoke directly into my head. She continued to whisper about my embarrassing past.

	[The Goddess of Protection says that a hero should love himself! A hero who doesn’t love himself makes the people around him miserable and will meet a miserable end. On that note, your confidence is amazing and exemplary!]

	Yes, the Goddess of Protection was fangirling for me.

	“Stop… Please stop…!”

	It was just like the time I had fanboyed for the Fire Emperor. I wouldn’t really care if she did it when I couldn’t see her, but I heard her voice twenty-four seven.

	[The Goddess of Protection confesses that she is happy that she gets to have a person like you as her second master!]

	Oh my god. Her praise was genuine, but the memory she mentioned was one I found deeply embarrassing and wanted to forget about as soon as possible. However, she continued to bring up more of those memories and praised every one of them. It didn’t look like that was going to end soon. I wanted to die.

	[The Goddess of Protection comments that the best part is when you took the Demon King of Autumn Rain under your command. You muttered, “A ruler has an obligation to protect their people.”]

	No, that was it. I pulled out a bottle of oil used to maintain the sword. Glaring at the holy sword, I dabbed a cloth in the oil bottle.

	“You asked for this.” I reached out for the sword, which flickered with white light.

	[The Goddess of Protection feels a threat to her safety.]

	[The Goddess of Protection asks you to stop.]

	[The Goddess of Protection…]

	Ten minutes later…

	[The Goddess of Protection apologizes.]

	The holy sword was clean, thanks to my caring maintenance. It was now as clear as a mirror; I could literally see my face in it. However, the sword shook with humiliation.

	“Finally, you’re quiet.” I looked down at the holy sword. “So why are you a sword? Aren’t you a Constellation? Were you always a sword?”

	To my understanding, a Constellation was the manager of a stage. I assumed that it was possible for a monster to become a Constellation, like Preta, but I had no idea how a sword could be a Constellation.

	In response to my question, the holy sword shone in dim white light.

	[The Goddess of Protection explains that it is easier to understand a Constellation as someone who represents their world.]

	[The Goddess of Protection says that she is a divine spirit who used to be worshiped as a goddess. However, Lefanta Aegim, the empire’s first ancestor, split and sealed her into five swords.]

	[The Goddess of Protection explains that she is Idol, the first holy sword.]

	I blinked. “Your sword name is Idol?”

	[The Goddess of Protection affirms your statement.]

	[The Goddess of Protection says that the following are the five sister swords.]

	[First Holy Sword: Idol.]

	[Second Holy Sword: Sympathy.]

	[Third Holy Sword: Prayer.]

	[Fourth Holy Sword: Sacrifice.]

	[Fifth Holy Sword: Salvation.]

	[The Goddess of Protection confidently states that once you gather all of her sister swords, she will be able to regain power as strong as her prime.]

	In other words, the shining sword I was looking at was a fragment of the real holy sword. In order to draw out its true power, I had to collect the remaining four swords.

	“Interesting. So, where are your sisters?” I asked.

	I got no response. An awkward silence filled the waiting room.

	“Hello? Miss Goddess? Where are your sisters?”

	The holy sword remained silent.

	I narrowed my eyes. “…You don’t know?”

	After a moment, I heard a quiet voice.

	[The Goddess of Protection exercises her right of silence.]

	“Which means you don’t know.”
