	—Huhhh???

	There was nothing life-like about the man’s appearance. He was like a ghost, but he also looked menacing. I would have mistaken him for a gorilla if he hadn’t been wearing clothes. When the robust ghost even furrowed his brows, I could see a monster straight out of a horror movie.

	—Hey, who are you?

	“…That’s my question. Who are you?”

	—You can see me?

	I nodded reluctantly. “That’s right.”

	—And you can hear me too.

	“Umm, since we can talk… I think so.”

	What? Am I talking to a ghost? I wondered. I had thought that ghosts would act like monsters seeking revenge for their grudges from before their death. But it was different with this ghost. Except for how his form was very faint, he talked like an ordinary human.

	—Huh, that’s strange. This shouldn’t be possible.

	The ghost tilted his head in confusion. It seemed I wasn’t the only one who couldn’t make sense of what was happening right now.

	—Where am I? This is smaller than most dog houses. Where is Gramps Marcus, boy?

	The ghost finally said something I could understand.

	“Marcus… Marcus Carlenbery? Are you talking about the Sword Star?”

	—Tsk, tsk. The ghost clicked his tongue discontentedly. That title is too fancy for a beginner like him, but yeah, that’s the guy. Where is he? He’s supposed to be around here.

	I was dumbstruck. The Sword Star is a beginner?

	Since I had killed Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor, the Sword Star would continue to be the Rank 1 Hunter far into the future, yet the ghost sitting in front of me was calling him a beginner.

	Who in the world was he? And why could I suddenly see this ghost? To answer my questions, I flipped the silver Skill card over and read the Skill description.

	Sword Constellation

	Class: A+

	Effect: He is from another world and managed to clear the ninety-ninth floor of the Tower in his world. However, he was brought to his knees right on the verge of reaching the Tower’s hundredth floor. Due to his regret, he failed to find eternal peace and became a Guardian instead. He can’t physically influence the world, but he is able to talk to you. He has abundant experience and is incredibly skilled, so ask him for advice!

	※No one can perceive your Guardian except for you.

	※The Skill has been copied from Hunter Marcus Carlenbery.

	I was speechless.

	—Hey, where is Gramps? Hey, hey! Are you ignoring me? I used to be famous back in my day! Blinking was enough to make most warriors crawl on their knees, so don’t you ignore me!

	Oh my god. It looked like I’d duplicated the Sword Star’s Guardian.

Chapter 9

The Reason He Talks To Himself (3)

	I explained to the Guardian how I duplicated him, but he still went wild.

	—Take me back to Gramps right now!

	My studio was small even for me alone, but now it had a ghost flying around in it. It was like a three-meter-long mosquito was flying around my ears. My human rights were being threatened.

	“Oh, for crying out loud! I told you, I can’t bring you back even if I want to!”

	—You said that you copied me using your Skill, so you should be able to cancel it too! Don’t you know what a refund is? Refund! What are we, cavemen? We have to be able to get a refund!

	“For the last time, I can’t cancel it!”

	—Arghhh… Gramps Marcus! Your teacher got kidnapped! Your one and only teacher got kidnapped by some loser off the street!

	The Guardian started crying his eyes out while hanging upside down.

	—Ahhhhhhh, this is your fault, Gramps Marcus! This disaster happened because you treated your teacher like shit! This is why I always told you to treat your teacher with more respect. Your teacher is worth more than this!

	“Excuse me…” I massaged my aching temples. My fear of seeing a ghost for the first time in my life was already gone. Who cared? Anyone would get a headache if the ghost were this noisy.

	“Let’s please live peacefully. Okay?”

	—What do you mean, live peacefully?! I’m already dead!

	“Ah, then rest in peace.”

	—What a son of a bitch. I’m already sad because I’m dead, and you want me to die one more time. People, look at this bastard over here! We’ve only just met, but look at how he already treats me!

	“Whoa.” I gaped. Today was the first time in my life I got to see a ghost, but I hadn’t seen anyone who talked this much—this fucking much—either. And I now realized why the Sword Star had been constantly talking to himself in the pub like a headcase… Yeah, he never stopped talking, but most of his words were similar.

	“Shut up.”

	“Be quiet.”

	“You’re too noisy. I’ll take care of it, so leave me alone.”

	Ninety-nine percent of the things he said to himself were to tell someone to be quiet.

	“It’s only natural he would keep talking if he has a ghost like this beside him…”

	—Huh? Are you trash-talking me to my face? How old are you? You should treat me with respect like the elder I am, brat.

	“Shit.” My shoulders drooped. I could feel my doomed future already. “I have to spend my entire life running away from the Sword Star, but I got a ghost instead of a Skill that can help me.”

	—Huh? What do you mean you have to run away from Gramps?

	The Guardian tilted his head in confusion.

	—You won’t be able to find a Hunter with a kinder heart than Gramps Marcus. Though he’s my student and I have to admit that he’s a geezer. Oh, yeah—never mention his grandchildren in front of him. He’s usually calm and all, but his lid seems to flip whenever those kiddos are mentioned.

	“I’m already very familiar.” I sighed. “He has that Skill—what do you call it? The one that shows him how many times someone’s committed murder.”

	—Oh, are you talking about the Detective’s Wise Eyes? That’s a useless Skill, the Guardian answered right away.

	It looked like the Guardian seemed to know all of the Sword Star’s Skills. So the name of the Sword Star’s kill count Skill seemed to be Detective’s Wise Eyes.

	—So what? The only purpose it serves is to find out if someone’s an assassin or not. Besides, a higher count doesn’t guarantee that they’re actually an assassin.

	“4091 times.”

	—Hmm?

	“The kill count above my head is 4091.”

	—Umm… You wouldn’t happen to be delusional, would you? The Guardian crumpled up his face in disbelief. He was a ghost, but it looked like his expression changed more often than most living people.

	“I think I actually will be if I spend one more day with you. You’ll drive me nuts with your babbling.”

	—No, I mean… you’re a complete beginner.

	The Guardian’s voice became a little serious.

	—You’re a beginner of beginners. It looks like you haven’t even learned how to use aura. There’s no way a guy like you killed 4091 people. I managed to clear the Tower’s ninety-ninth floor and even I didn’t kill that many people.

	“It’s because I didn’t kill 4091 people.”

	—Huh?

	I shrugged. “I only hunted down one very bad guy who will be called the Fire Emperor…”

	I explained the whole situation to the Guardian. After getting killed by the Fire Emperor, I had been incredibly lucky and copied his time regression Skill. I didn’t have any other method to get revenge on him, so I had decided—and actually done it—to go back over four thousand days.

	—… What? You killed yourself over four thousand times just for revenge? the Guardian asked.

	“Yeah, I did.”

	The Guardian was silent. In contrast to his look of disbelief earlier, he was looking at me contemplatively. He seemed so serious that I couldn’t believe that he was the same ghost who almost shook my seven-square-meter studio with his yelling. It took a long time for the Guardian to break his silence.

	—Hey.

	“What is it?”

	—What is your name?

	“It’s Kim Gong-Ja.”

	—Okay, Gong-Ja. Why did you choose Gramps Marcus, out of all the people in the world? the Guardian asked, picking his words carefully.

	“Hmm?”

	—As soon as you finished getting revenge on Fucker character, you decided to copy Gramps’s Skill. Why did you do that?

	“…Isn’t it obvious?” I replied drily. The answer was blindingly obvious. “I should get the strongest person’s Skill first, and he’s the best Hunter of the century.”

	—So it’s because you believe it’s the fastest way to become strong, is that it?

	“Yup, that’s right.”

	—… You’re giving me the honest answers to my questions because there’s no risk of me telling someone your secret. It’s already said in the Skill Card that no one can perceive me except you. Am I right?

	“Well, yeah.”

	Silence fell upon my studio once again.

	—Hmm. The Guardian flew around me with a very serious look. On my left side, he got a look at my face, and then he measured my height from the right.

	I frowned, wondering what the heck he was doing.

	—Let’s see. Hmm. Your physique can be improved with training. You have the tenacity of a bloodhound. And you also have the desire to become better. You’re still in your right mind, so you know when to be clever… I see. Mmm… With material like you…

	What is he talking about?

	Judging from the way he kept talking to himself, it seemed that the Guardian was indeed the Sword Star’s teacher. Like teacher, like student.

	He flew right in front of me.

	—Hey, Kim Gong-Ja, he said.

	“Yes?”

	—Go kill some monsters.

	* * *

	I hunted some monsters.

	“Are you satisfied now?”

	I had nothing to do in my studio even if I stayed cooped up inside, so I headed to a hunting ground at daybreak. Besides, I had other business to take care of. Since I regressed by one day after getting killed by the Sword Star, I had to hunt Yoo Soo-Ha again today.

	—I knew it… I’m right. The Guardian nodded.

	“What do you mean, you’re right?”

	—Before I died, I was called the Sword Emperor.

	It was still early dawn, so no one was around in this remote hunting ground as I listened to the Guardian.

	—I’m not from around here. From your perspective, I’m from another world. Anyhow, a Tower showed up in my world, just like the one here. And I cleared the floors faster than anyone else in my world.

	“Was all that build-up just to brag?”

	—Yeah. Well, I still failed to clear the hundredth floor of the Tower in my world. That’s written in your Skill Card, isn’t it? That’s what actually happened. The Guardian chuckled.

	Sword Constellation

	Class: A+

	Effect: He is from another world and managed to clear the ninety-ninth floor of the Tower in his world. However, he was brought to his knees right on the verge of reaching the Tower’s hundredth floor. Due to his regret, he failed to find eternal peace and became a Guardian instead. He can’t physically influence the world, but he is able to talk to you. He has abundant experience and is incredibly skilled, so ask him for advice!

	※No one can perceive your Guardian except for you.

	※The Skill has been copied from Hunter Marcus Carlenbery.

	It’s still remarkable to think about.

	The Fire Emperor used to be a legend for clearing the fortieth floor until I had regressed. However, the Guardian in front of me had cleared the ninety-ninth floor, a height no human had ever reached before.

	—When you’re as good as me, one look is enough for me to see if a Hunter will be a smash hit or just get smashed by life. That’s why I asked you to hunt monsters, Gong-Ja.

	“Aha.” I smiled bitterly. “So you were trying to see if I’m good with the sword?”

	There were many novels about a protagonist who wasn’t aware of their gift. One day, they suddenly fell off a cliff or met a legendary martial artist in seclusion and awakened their true power.

	“Tsk, tsk. You wasted your time.”

	Unfortunately, that was the type of luck I didn’t get to receive.

	“I have zero talent for combat. Zero. Nada. That is why I’m chasing after other Hunters’ Skills. If I were gifted, I wouldn’t be a Class F Hunter right now.”

	—What the hell are you talking about? You’re talented, the Guardian said with a furrowed brow.

	“What?”

	—It’s actually remarkable.

	This wasn’t the reaction I had expected.

	“Come on. You’re trying to tease me, aren’t you?”

	—I don’t joke about this kind of stuff.

	The Guardian quietly shook his head.

	—Yes, your gift isn’t in martial arts. Your movements are clumsy, and your physique is mediocre at best. From the looks of it, it’ll take you very long to learn how to use aura through ordinary methods. Regardless, you have a very rare gift.

	His eyes were serious.

	—You don’t fear death. I’m actually surprised by the fact that you aren’t scared of it at all.

	He stroked his chin.

	—Killing yourself over four thousand times must have erased your fear. That’s what I think is happening here. You may not have noticed it, but you’re being very reckless when you charge toward monsters. People normally hesitate at least a little because they’re scared of dying or getting injured, but you just throw yourself out there.

	“Umm… Does that count as a gift?”

	—Of course. There is more to talents than what you’re born with. People can acquire a new gift as they live. Among those gifts, overcoming the fear of death is the hardest one to build, but you’ve already done it. That’s incredible.

	I was a little taken aback. No one in my life told me this. Even I had never thought this way. I was just angry at how the Fire Emperor had treated me like a bug… I was so furious that I had blindly killed myself 4090 times. But the Guardian was telling me that it was my gift.

	—Let me ask you one more question.

	“…What is it?”

	—You said that Gramps Marcus killed you. How did you feel at the time?

	I recalled my last death. It hadn’t been more than a couple of hours, so I could remember the night sky, moon, and that soundless slash. They made me feel…

	“…I thought it was a beautiful attack.”

	—Hahahahahaha!

	The Guardian threw back his head and roared with laughter. His laughter was so loud that it seemed to fill up the empty, dimly lit hunting ground. Only after a long time did the Guardian stop laughing.

	—Interesting.

	The Guardian’s eyes sparkled.

	—You copy Skills, not steal them. In other words, Gramps Marcus has another me as his Guardian. I’m curious to see who will become a better Hunter: you or Gramps.

	The Sword Constellation—the ghost who used to be called the Sword Emperor for clearing the Tower up to the ninety-ninth floor—the man who was now my Guardian looked straight into my eyes and held out his hand.

	—Let me help you become as strong as—no, a lot stronger than Gramps Marcus! Let’s conquer the Tower!

	I realized that I had found myself a partner.

Chapter 10

The Headstart(1)

	What would make for the most annoying morning? It could be a phone alarm set last night which was especially loud today. Perhaps it was the hair that got too oily overnight. Or it might be the irritating fact that today was another work day.

	—Wake up! Get off your ass right now!

	“Ah, would you please be quiet…”

	—I’m going to sing you my favorite song from back home until you wake up. Keep in mind that I learned how to use the Soundwave Strike before I died. It only took me one verse to make thirty soldiers’ heads explode!

	Everyone was wrong. The worst way to start a day was with the endless chattering of a ghost who failed to find eternal peace.

	—Do you know what time it is? It’s time to get up already!

	“What time is it?” I squinted at my smartphone lock screen, which showed me that it was 4:01 A.M. in a fancy font. “It’s still four in the morning, Mr. Crazyhead!”

	—No, no. Even bugs are already up and wriggling. You’re weaker than bugs, so you should get up earlier.

	“You’re just bored because you can’t sleep!”

	—I don’t know what you’re talking about. The Guardian avoided my eyes.

	“Wow. This is why the Sword Star always wakes up at four in the morning and trains! It’s not because he’s diligent. It’s you, talking his ears off!”

	—Fine, I woke him up because I was bored. Are you happy now? But it’s good for you to regularly train early in the morning. You know what? You should be grateful to me, honestly. Get on the floor and bow to me.

	“I-I want to kill you…”

	—Hehe. But you can’t because I’m already dead. If you have a problem with that, you can die! Oh, yeah. you can’t stay dead, can you. You’re practically a zombie. From now on, I’m going to call you Kim Zombie, not Kim Gong-Ja.

	“Shit.”

	The ghost in my tiny studio just kept yapping. I couldn’t bear it and ended up putting on my jogging suit and headed outside for the sake of my mental health. It was still dawn, so the sky was dark as I jogged. The Guardian floated beside me.

	“Huff, huff…”

	—Zombie, I told you this before, but you have zero gifts except for your dogged tenacity. I usually like to train people from scratch, but you have zero basis to scratch from because it’s somewhere down in the abyss.

	It had already been three days since I had copied the Sword Constellation from the Sword Star. Meanwhile, I had hunted Yoo Soo-Ha one more time and actively avoided the Sword Star. At the same time, I had been training according to the schedule that the Guardian had made for me.

	—You technically have the gift of an abyss. Gosh, isn’t it cool? I envy you!

	“Huff… I’m running… Huff. Don’t interrupt me…!”

	—What I’m saying is that you need a special lesson, but it’s going to be expensive. In order to get the lesson, you need to be ready.

	The Guardian grinned.

	—Let’s go and win ourselves the lottery, Zombie.

	* * *

	The guild called the Merchant Association, also known as the MA, was led by the Countess, the Rank 3 Hunter. Since she was the only one who could export and import goods from the outside world, she was a one-man company. With her ability, the MA was the leading guild in the Tower’s economy. It was one of the reasons why the MA was the only guild that could issue lotteries in Babylon, the Tower’s first-floor city.

	“Excuse me.” I tapped on the desk.

	“Yes, Mr. Hunter. How may I help you?”

	“I’m here to collect my winnings for the lottery.”

	“Ah, you must have won the MA Happy Lottery!” The desk assistant with a cat-eared hat clapped in delight.

	“Yeah, one thing led to another.”

	“Congratulations!” The desk assistant bowed and gave me a business smile that resembled a sunflower in full bloom.

	—Hey, I’ve always been curious about this. Why do they wear cat-eared hats?

	The guild leader has cats of her own, I told the Guardian.

	—Even if she likes cats, people normally don’t put cat-ears on other people. I bet that she’s a perv.

	Does it matter right now?

	I was pretty sure that the desk assistant also thought that his hat was stupid as fuck. However, he was just a desk assistant. Even if the guild leader told him to wear cockroach antennas on his head, he had to suck it up and wear it. On the bright side, he didn’t have to suffer alone. The guild uniform he was wearing was unisex…

	“Pardon me for asking, but have you checked the date of the lottery? Your winning isn’t collectible if it’s been over two years since your purchase.”

	“It’s okay. It’s from last week,” I replied.

	“I’m glad to hear it!”

	I had bought it as soon as I had gotten possessed by the Guardian. I had to win one anyway, and the Guardian kept on lecturing me about how I needed capital to start from.

	“Then I’ll get to the identity verification process right away. Oh, by the way, which place did you win with your lottery?”

	“First place.”

	“Excuse me?” the desk assistant instinctively asked.

	“I won first place. You can check the numbers here.” I pointed to a section on my lottery ticket.

	An electric sign board that said “MA Happy Lottery’s First Place Winner” was hung above the desk assistant’s head. It displayed the accumulated amount—fifty-three thousand gold—like a casino slot machine. If I converted it to the currency back home, it was around five and a half billion won[1].

	—It’s easy to earn money, right? The Guardian hummed in the now-silent MA headquarters.

	“…The numbers have been confirmed,” the assistant fumbled, obviously bewildered. “P-please give me a moment, Mr. Hunter. I’ll go get the person in charge.”

	“Take your time.”

	The assistant hurriedly walked away. I could see some people stealing glances at me as they talked among themselves. Judging from their envious eyes, it looked like they had heard me when I said I had won first place.

	—Is this okay, Zombie? Someone might shank you in a dark alley tonight, the Guardian commented, eyeing the same Hunters.

	“I have a plan.” I shrugged. “Besides, it’s not something I can hide.”

	All of the Hunters who won the lottery were recorded, including Yoo Soo-Ha, the Fire Emperor. That was how I learned that he had won it twice in a row before.

	People are going to find out sooner or later, so it’s better to be done with it.

	The MA was the one who had to sell the lottery tickets, so they would suffer more than I would from a rumor that people who won their lottery were going to get assassinated.

	After a moment, a man dressed in a much fancier uniform approached me and bowed. “Thank you for your patience, Mr. Kim Gong-Ja. My name is Arthur Taylor; I’m in charge of the MA lottery.”

	He was very polite, although he was still wearing a cat-eared hat.

	“My title is Safekeeper. For convenience, I would appreciate it if you could call me by my title.”

	“I’m Kim Gong-Ja. You seem to have a title that suits your affiliation very well.”

	“Haha! I hear that a lot.” The Safekeeper smiled good-heartedly. “Please follow me upstairs.”

	Although he was perfectly polite, having a title meant that he was one of the top 300 Hunters. A Class F Hunter like me would normally never be able to look him in the eyes, but he continued to be polite.

	—Zombie, you’re a guest worth fifty thousand gold. Of course he’s polite. You know, I’ve been thinking about it—you seem to be touched too easily. Maybe it’s because you never received anyone’s approval? Remember when I told you you had a gift for dying the other day? Your eyes went all teary. It was pitiful.

	The ghost killed my mood once again.

	Ah, please shut up. Please, I hissed.

	—A man shouldn’t be easily impressed. Take after me. Think that everyone in the world exists to serve you.

	No matter how bad things got for me, I would never take after the Guardian or Yoo Soo-Ha. Come to think of it, both of their titles ended with the word “emperor.” Perhaps having that word in their titles meant they were all wackos.

	“Um, excuse me, Mr. Kim. Is something wrong…?” the Safekeeper asked as he guided me upstairs. He seemed rather cautious of my mood.

	“It’s nothing,” I immediately answered, eager to quash any suspicions of my sanity. “My mind wandered for a moment.”

	“Oh, I see.” The Safekeeper heaved a sigh of relief. “You didn’t look too good, so I was worried that I’d made a mistake without realizing it. I’m relieved to hear that I haven’t offended you…”

	What? Is he an angel? I wondered.

	—Tsk, tsk. You’re too easy. Too easy.

	Ignoring the heartless ghost’s nagging, I followed the Safekeeper into a VIP meeting room. The table was already piled high with gold coins; it looked like another employee had already set everything up.

	The Safekeeper smiled. “These are your winnings, Mr. Kim.”

	“…It’s incredible.”

	Over fifty thousand gold coins drank in the light from the ceiling and brightened up the room. Just looking at it got my blood going. I wasn’t sure if they had staged this for dramatic effect, but it was working extremely well.

	“You’re free to take all of this gold or buy a safe in the MA to store your winnings. How would you like to proceed?”

	“Mmm…” I tried to pull myself together.

	Money is really tempting.

	However, I aimed to reach the zenith and become so famous that everyone would envy me. Money was just a means to get there.

	I should be the one who controls my money, not let it control me. Don’t let it happen, Kim Gong-Ja.

	I regained my composure and slowly nodded. “I’ll store it in the MA safe.”

	“That is a truly wise choice, Mr. Kim!” the Safekeeper quickly shouted. “That is what I personally recommend to all the winners. I understand that you would want to take it yourself, but there are always people who harbor ill intentions…”

	“And…” I paused. “…I would like to become an honorary member of the MA.”

	“Pardon?”

	“The position of a second-class honorary member costs ten thousand gold, yes?” I approached the table and put my hand on the pile of gold. The gold coins sparkled with a seductive light, but I already knew another kind of golden light that was more tempting. For the sake of my future, I was going to invest as many gold coins as necessary.

	“I’ll pay in full right now.”

	The Safekeeper carefully observed my face. “Mr. Kim… you aren’t part of any guild yet. Is that correct?”

	“That is correct.”

	A Hunter didn’t join a guild just to hang out with other Hunters. The biggest reason was to receive the guild’s protection. Although the Hunter Management Bureau and Watchmen League existed to maintain Babylon’s order…

	I might get attacked the second I let my guard down.

	The fact that the Fire Emperor and Sword Star had killed me was proof enough of how dangerous it was in Babylon. Compared to a developed country in the outside world, this city was lawless.

	I shouldn’t be an idiot and walk down the Fire Emperor’s path.

	The Fire Emperor had been full of himself, so it wasn’t hard to deduce what he had done after winning the lottery twice in a row. Yoo Soo-Ha wouldn’t have paid a protection fee to any guild; no doubt he’d gone off to have fun with his money since it was rightfully his and his only.

	That’s why people try to assassinate him.

	It was pathetic. There was no need to make an enemy out of the major guilds.

	“…Understood, sir.” The Safekeeper pulled out a notebook and wrote something down. “Anyone can become an honorary member of the MA with the right price. I’ll instruct one of the employees to issue you a second-class honorary member’s identification card.”

	“Oh, yeah,” I went on. “And I’m living in a cheap studio, so I would be very grateful if the MA could recommend temporary accommodations for me. Of course, I’ll pay the right price.”

	The Safekeeper noted down my requests.

	“The media will likely try to find out who won first place in the lottery. You don’t have to tell them my real name, but it would be great if you let them know I’m an honorary member of the MA.”

	The Safekeeper stood there and gave me a dazed look for a moment. “Y-you’re very thorough, sir.”

	“It’s a dangerous world, isn’t it? I think it’s better to be safe than sorry.”

	“…It is. You’re right.”

	—Zombie, it looks like he was thrown off guard because he thought you were a pushover. Ah, this is fun. This is why I never get bored of watching elites flounder. The Guardian guffawed behind the Safekeeper.

	What? You’re the one who tsked me because I’m touched too easily. It’s romance when you do it, but it’s adultery if other people do it?[2]

	—Did I do that? I don’t remember, so I probably didn’t do it.

	Wow. How could he be like that? I should never become like him.

	—Well, anyhow, you seem to be doing a good job on your own. I was worried that I’d have to change your diapers too, but it looks like you’ll be fine. The Guardian grinned.

	If only you weren’t a smooth talker…

	—What? You’re smiling too.

	That was right. Although I grumbled, I was happy.

	Of course, I’m just getting started.

	I had died 4090 times to go back 4090 days. It was time to enjoy the privileges of a returner that I hadn’t got to enjoy because of my revenge on the Fire Emperor.

* * *

	1. About four million USD ☜

	2. The raw is 웬 내로남불입니까. It’s a Korean saying about double standards. ☜

Chapter 11

The Headstart (2)

	—Zombie, do you know what’s most essential in lessons?

	“What I want to know is when you’ll stop calling me Zombie. The sooner the better, by the way.”

	—It’s the tuition fee.

	After I finished my business in the MA headquarters, I headed outside. It was noon, so the streets were lively with people out to have lunch. Retired Hunters, who now ran restaurants and general stores, were out searching for customers.

	Of course, business was slow in many of those shops. The owners just sat by their doors and vacantly stared into the air. Successful people tended to accomplish more feats in life, but those who often faced losses only saw more failures. It was the cruel but immutable truth in both the outside world and Babylon.

	—And you got the fee just now, so what do you need now?

	“Mmm, a good tutor?”

	—No, no. You have one right in front of you, the Guardian said without so much as a twitch.

	—The answer is good textbooks! You need textbooks that will help you get stronger more quickly.

	“Textbooks…”

	—Yeah, I’m talking about martial arts manuals or elixirs. But you won’t understand martial arts manuals even if you read them, which leaves you with raking up fuck-off expensive elixirs.

	I knew he was right, but he had a way of saying it in the most annoying possible way.

	—Keep in mind that I don’t let my students work with cheap elixirs. There’s a guild called the Alchemist Office, right? The one where doctors and pharmacists join? Go to one of their shops and only get elixirs made by their best Chemists.

	“Huh.”

	—There’s a place where Gramps Marcus often goes. I know where the shop is, so don’t worry. Once we clean out their elixir aisles…

	“H-hold on a second.” I lowered my voice because some pedestrians were walking past me.

	—Hmm? Why?

	“…Aren’t those elixirs really expensive?”

	—Yeah, they are, but they’re really good. The seller sets the price, but people still buy them. Though your jaw will probably drop once you hear the price. Do you want to know how much it roughly costs? The Guardian snickered.

	“…Let’s hear it.”

	The Guardian whispered the price, which was an eye-opener. It cost way more than I’d even imagined.

	“I can only buy around four elixirs even if I use all the money I have right now!”

	—Hehe. They give you a discount if you buy several elixirs at once, so you’ll probably get around five of them. The guild really knows how to run a business. This is why doctors who know the taste of money are the scariest.

	“I-it’s too expensive…”

	Oh my god. I had been imagining the rosy future I was going to have with the first-place lottery winnings, but I was going to be poor again immediately.

	—Well, I understand you’re reluctant to use up all your hard-earned money at once, but what can you do about it? The tragedy is caused by your lack of gifts, so think of it as your destiny. Mmm…?

	The Guardian’s expression turned serious.

	—Gong-Ja, hide.

	“What?”

	—Quick.

	Even his voice was serious. I automatically hid behind the closest cover, a metal dumpster that reeked of rotten food; it was used to throw away leftover food from nearby diners.

	“Why are you suddenly telling me to hide?” I asked with a furrowed brow.

	—Be careful. It’s Gramps Marcus.

	Trying not to make a single sound, I peeked around the dumpster at the street. The Sword Star, the current Rank 1 Hunter who had Detective’s Wise Eyes, was walking down the street with his white hair tied behind his back.

	It’ll be a real problem if he sees me.

	My heart pounded hard. The Guardian seemed to notice how tense I was and stopped yapping like he usually did. The two of us quietly hid behind the dumpsters, following the Sword Star with our eyes.

	Fortunately, it seemed the Sword Star didn’t notice me because he continued on his way. As always, he was talking to himself.

	“…Again? You’re noi…”

	The Guardian frowned as he saw the building the Sword Star entered.

	—Ah, damn it. Tsk! It won’t work. That’s the Alchemist Office’s best shop.

	“The best shop?”

	—That shop is run by the best Chemist, so they have the best elixirs. Ah, for real?! All Chemists are crooks compared to him. We really have to get elixirs from there…! The Guardian bit his fingernails. It was my first time seeing this ghost genuinely upset.

	I fell into contemplation. It’s too risky to go to the same shop as the Sword Star, but I do need a good Chemist.

	When I searched for High Rankers on my smartphone, I got a list that started from Rank 1.

	Rank 1: Sword Star / Guild: None.

	Rank 2: Black Witch / Guild: Black Dragon (Leader).

	Rank 3: Countess / Guild: Merchant Association (Leader).

	Rank 4: Inquisitor / Guild: Pantheon (Leader).

	Rank 5: Viper / Guild: OJP Sect (Leader).

	Rank 6: Babel Linguist / Guild: Late Bloom (Assistant Leader).

	Rank 7: Broadband Communicator / Guild: Retrospective Newspaper (Assistant Leader).

	Rank 8: Paladin / Guild: Watchmen League (Assistant Leader).

	…

	“She isn’t there,” I blurted.

	—What? Who’s not there? Your goddess of luck? the Guardian questioned, finally sparing his fingernails from his teeth.

	“No, quite the opposite, actually.” I was overflowing with luck. “It might cost a lot less than I thought.”

	—What?

	“We’ll only have to spend pennies to get the best-quality elixirs.” I grinned. “I know a very good Chemist.”

	I left the downtown area and then headed to a remote alley in a poor neighborhood. In the dark alley, some Hunters observed me, their eyes shining with greed. Due to a lack of money, the worn-down neighborhood these people lived in was close to being a slum.

	—… A good Chemist actually lives here? the Guardian asked, his voice thick with disbelief.

	“She isn’t just a good Chemist. She’ll be legendary.”

	—Drop the bullshit. Why would she stay in a place like this if she’s that skilled?

	“Don’t believe me if you don’t want to,” I snorted.

	The Hunters in the alley clicked their tongue and looked away, mistaking me for a madman because of my mumbling. Although a slum like this was usually very dangerous, the residents rarely messed with crazy people.

	I held back my laughter. What would happen if they found out my wallet is full of gold?

	It was obvious that they would lose it and throw themselves at me like a bunch of jackals. Since I had no obligation to kindly show them the truth, I just headed deeper into the alley. It was tinged with the smell of rotten corpses.

	Just then, I heard a high-pitched scream.

	“P-please, at least give me back my lab equipment!” a young woman shouted.

	“Are you freaking kidding me?!” an angry man shouted back. “My boys and I already gave you more than a couple of warnings! Look where it got us!”

	“It’s been half a year since you failed to pay the money on time. It’s about time you made it up to us.”

	I followed the voices. When I reached the intersection of the maze of alleys, I found an old shop in a relatively open space. The people were fighting in front of it.

	“I-if you also take my equipment… I really have no way of putting food on my table…”

	“Ignore her. We don’t need to hear her excuses. Take them all!”

	Bulky gangsters loaded machines onto their handcart. A woman in her late twenties, who seemed to own the old shop, clung onto the handcart.

	“A week!” she pleaded. “Give me one more week, please. Actually, if you can just give me five more days—”

	“That one week became a month, and then half a year!”

	Some of the gangsters shoved the handcart, sending the shop owner tumbling helplessly to the ground. Despite the scrapes on her knees, she still reached out for the handcart.

	“I-I haven’t finished making that potion…!”

	“Sigh. How did I get involved with a crazy Chemist like you? Lady! Listen to me! Never get involved with the potion-making business again! I mean it!”

	The gangsters pushed away the hand cart deep into the alley, leaving behind the shop owner, the nearby residents, and me. Lost in despair, the shop owner absentmindedly sat on her knees, staring at the ground. On the other hand, the spectators were busily whispering among themselves.

	“Tsk, tsk. I knew that the shop would go out of business someday.”

	“Her potions are too expensive. What kind of health recovery potion costs forty gold a bottle?”

	“She’s young, so she thought business is easy…”

	After hearing bits of the spectators’ whispers, the shop owner quickly looked up.

	“Wh-what do you mean expensive! My prices are barely profitable!”

	She was quite a mess. Her long hair was greasy like she hadn’t washed it for days. Her glasses looked very old, enough to be an antique. Even her voice was extremely thin; it felt like her voice could shatter a glass window, instead of it being as clear as glass.

	“I’m the only Chemist in Babylon who sells potions that are as high quality and as cheap as mine! Y-you should thank me for setting up a shop in this shabby neighborhood. Yes, that’s right!”

	“Urgh, she’s still in her own little world.”

	“Let’s go. I can’t believe it. It’s not like she’s actually achieved anything…”

	The spectators shook their heads.

	“Oh… W-wait. Since you guys are here, why don’t you try out my health recovery potion…? You only need one of my special health recovery potions to revive a dying Hunter.”

	“No, I won’t!”

	The shop owner belatedly tried to sell her products to the spectators, but it was no use. She had lost everyone’s favor long ago with her words and actions, so the spectators just walked away, swearing at her.

	“It’s really good… I’m not lying…”

	In the end, the shop owner flopped down onto the ground.

	—Hey. That loser isn’t… the legendary Chemist you were talking about, right? the Guardian quickly asked.

	“What if she is?”

	—I’d be seriously worried about your head. Killing yourself over 4000 times must have messed with your brain. I’ll introduce you to the best therapist in Babylon.

	I laughed quietly. “I think you should’ve started worrying about me when I saw a ghost. She’s the legendary Chemist I talked about. Don’t worry.”

	—No, you freak! She’s the legendary loser!

	Ignoring the Guardian’s scream, I strode toward the shop owner.

	“Excuse me.”

	The shop owner looked up questioningly.

	She seemed even more like a beggar once I got a closer look at her. Both her top and bottom hung on her as if she had gotten them from a clothing donation box. Only her white lab coat made her recognizable as a Chemist.

	“Are you open for business?” I asked.

	Yes, she wasn’t a beggar. An ordinary Chemist was certainly not the right description for her either.

	“If you are, I would like to order some potions.”

	She was the Master Alchemist, a Chemist who was going to become the Rank 5 Hunter. Although she was currently outside the rankings, she would without a doubt make it someday.

	“They’re a little complicated to make—can you do it?” I asked.

	“Ah, yes, yes! Of course! I can make you anything! “ The Chemist’s face brightened up.

	Complicated potions meant expensive potions. Her shop was on the brink of going out of business, so she must feel like someone had pulled her back from the edge of a cliff.

	“But how complicated are the potions you’re looking for…?”

	In the future, I would never be able to order from this Chemist, no matter how rich I was, but it was different right now.

	“Well, I think they would cost around twenty thousand gold in total.”

	The Chemist’s jaw dropped to the ground. Who cared if she looked a little like a beggar? In my eyes, the Chemist looked like a goose who was going to lay me eggs of pure gold!

	I beamed. “So… can I make an order now?”

	I was going to become her first regular customer.

Chapter 12

The Headstart (3)

	“I-it’s shabby… but please come in. It’s really shabby…” The Chemist awkwardly showed me into her shop.

	She wasn’t being humble. The inside of the shop was a chaotic wreck that looked like a storm had passed through it. Glass fragments were scattered all over the floor and collapsed bookcases lay on top of piles of books. The specks of dust in the air rounded off the ensemble.

	—Wow.

	The Guardian clapped.

	—Before I died, people always used to tell me that I should clean more, but I have to hand it to that young lady. What excellent hygiene. Zombie, do you really want elixirs made by that lady?

	“Umm, are you really going to give me an order of twenty thousand gold…?”

	The Guardian and Chemist asked at the same time as if they had planned it.

	I smiled bitterly. “I can pay upfront if it’s difficult to trust me.”

	“N-no need…” The Chemist stopped fidgeting after a moment.”…No, I think upfront payment is better if possible.”

	Her face was as red as a tomato, ashamed of the fact that she was making such a request. It looked like her financial situation was so bad that it was difficult for her to protect her dignity.

	“You can take as much money as you need from my vault. I’ll tell the employees at the MA.”

	“As much as I need…” the Chemist blankly repeated.

	“Yes, but my money isn’t endless. I would appreciate it if you keep the budget within twenty thousand gold,” I told her.

	“Oh, s-so what kind of potions are you trying to order…?”

	The Chemist looked happy and nervous at the same time about having such an enormous budget.

	“I’m sorry, but I won’t create narcotics. It’s a matter of principle, so… if you’re here for narcotics, I’ll have to turn you down…”

	“Oh.”

	Though she’s clumsy in many ways, she really is going to be the Master Alchemist in the future, I thought to myself.

	Not many people could turn down a deal that would bring them tens of thousands of gold, especially if their business was on the brink of ruin, yet the Chemist set down her foot when it came to narcotics. She looked very feeble, but she took pride in her work.

	“Haha, they’re far from narcotics, so don’t worry.”

	“Ah… I-I’m glad to hear it.” The Chemist smiled sheepishly. “What kind of potions are you ordering?”

	“Hmm.”

	I looked at the Guardian, who had been silent and grouchy since entering the shop. Only after I gave him the eye did the Guardian let out a sigh and break his silence.

	—Phew. Fine. I really don’t think that lady is a skilled Chemist, but I’ll tell you the recipe.

	I felt like he could have given up sooner and saved everyone the trouble.

	—Listen up: it needs a rabbit-pig’s liver, a balloon cat’s eyes, a desert wyrm’s shell…

	“So here are the ingredients: a rabbit-pig’s liver, a balloon cat’s eyes, and…”

	“Ah, please wait a moment! I-I’ll write them down!” The Chemist jotted down the ingredients and formula.

	It required twenty-three ingredients. The Chemist’s expression grew more serious as the list got longer.

	—That’s the last ingredient. Mixing them depends on her skills.

	“Those are all the necessary ingredients.”

	The Chemist bit her fingernails as she examined what she’d written in her notebook. “If you mix these together… it’ll heighten your reflex to the limit, but by calming your nerves. It’s done by tensing them. No, I guess the right description is awakening them.”

	—Huh? The Guardian quickly turned to look at the Chemist.

	“This is a very high-quality formula,” she continued to mumble. “Ah, I might be mistaken since all I have are the ingredients… These ingredients need to be as fresh as possible and should be brewed at the same time, yes? They aren’t dried or refined in advance?”

	—Yeah, that’s correct…

	I nodded. “You’re right.”

	“I knew it! It’s very weak, but desert wyrm shells are poisonous,” she exclaimed. “One way to neutralize it is to consume a rabbit-pig’s liver. Depending on the method, the effect is…!”

	The shy, stammering Chemist became lively and talkative, verging on chirpy. It turned out that she was one of those people.

	She’s still stumbling her way through this world but she’s good at what she does.

	People like her gave everything they had to the field they loved, and would accomplish remarkable feats someday. I liked experts like her, but I had a feeling that the conversation wouldn’t end at this rate.

	“How long do you think it’ll take?” I interrupted.

	“Oh.” The Chemist blinked, slowly realizing that she had been lost in her own world. She quickly bowed. “I-I’m sorry! It’s been a while since I saw a beautiful formula like this one, so I didn’t even realize what I was doing…”

	“It’s okay. How many days would it take though?”

	“With enough money… f-four days will be enough. It usually takes less, but I have to get new equipment and tools…”

	“I can wait that long.”

	I smiled. Before my regression, it took at least a year to get a potion from her. Waiting four days didn’t even count as waiting.

	—Zombie, I can’t say I’m fine with this yet. Many guys out there may be smooth talkers but don’t have the skills to back it up. That’s why there’re so many crooks out there. Ugh, I’m dead certain you’ve thrown your money down the drain!

	The Guardian continued to grumble even after I finished talking things out and went outside the shop.

	“So where did you learn that combination?”

	—I made it myself by drinking all sorts of poison. It’s the best elixir out there. Without me, you won’t be able to get that elixir no matter how hard you try!

	I chuckled. “The Chemist called it high quality, and it only took her one look to see the true worth of it, so trust her. She may not look like it now, but she’ll be the leader of the Alchemist Office in ten years.”

	The Guardian pursed his lip. He already looked threatening, but his pursed lip made him look like a giant toad.

	—You were trash-talking me just now, weren’t you.

	“Are you going to point fingers at anyone now?” I asked, feigning innocence. He was annoyingly sharp.

	* * *

	Four days passed by quite quickly. Meanwhile, the Chemist didn’t hold herself back from taking as much gold as she needed from my vault. An employee from the MA came by and asked me if it was alright, but I told him to let her. It didn’t matter how much it cost if it meant I was getting the Master Alchemist’s elixirs.

	—Zombie, do you want to make a bet?

	“What is it now?”

	—That lady will just run away with your money. I’m sure of it. I don’t know about the rest, but I have a great eye for people. The lady had the face of a grand thief! Just kill yourself, Kim Zombie! Kill yourself four times so we can go back to four days ago!

	Of course, a ghost couldn’t have a good eye for people.

	At lunch on the fourth day, the Chemist came to my room with boxes of elixirs.

	“I-I’m sorry. I wanted to deliver them sooner than this, but I began to mix some stuff and it took me longer than I expected.”

	“No, it’s fine. You told me it was going to take four days, and here you are. ”

	The Chemist brought three boxes of elixirs in total. If I took them three times a day, it would last thirty days. However, I would have only gotten two days’ worth of elixirs if I had gone to the shop that the Guardian had recommended to me. This result was fifteen times better than what it would have been with his original plan.

	And it’ll be more effective than the elixirs from the other shop. This is how you use money.

	I smiled contently.

	“Umm…”

	“Yes?”

	“I-I know it’s strange to ask you this now, but why did you make such an expensive order to an obscure Chemist like me?” The Chemist’s fingers fluttered. “I-I can guarantee my skill, though. I believe that only I and one other person in Babylon can understand your combination and properly concoct potions based on it… But people think I’m just a freak…”

	“Mmm…”

	The reason why I chose this Chemist in front of me to create my elixirs was that she was the genius of the century. She was going to be the leader of the Alchemist Office, so I also wanted to build a relationship before it happened.

	But that isn’t the only reason.

	Before my 4090-day regression, when the Fire Emperor had set a fire in the slum, the woman in front of me had arrived at the site before everyone else. She put her High Ranker title to good use and took charge of the firefighting effort. As she had helped me, the Master Alchemist had quietly raised concerns.

	“…I don’t like the Fire Emperor.”

	“Something doesn’t feel right about him…”

	“Although I know it’s not polite to talk badly of him, I still think Miss Saintess deserves someone better.”

	She had recognized the true colors of the Fire Emperor.

	It had to have been her gut feelings, not based on evidence.

	Even if that was the case, the Chemist had an eye that was astute enough to recognize a psychopath. She was skilled and kind enough to immediately come running to the site of an accident. I would be losing out if I didn’t get on her good side.

	“You look like a good person,” I said.

	“Huh?”

	“I helped you because you look like a good person. Well, you would have made it on your own without my help, but good Hunters like us should be successful so that we can help each other in the future. It’s unfair if only wacky psychopaths get to thrive. I don’t want that to happen, so let’s do our best.”

	I told her what I truly felt without a speck of lies. Actually, I couldn’t be more honest than I was right now. The rest depended on how the Chemist took my words.

	She stared at my face for a moment. “…You’re right. Yes, you need to be successful first to change the world. Thank you, sir! I won’t give up, like you told me!” the Chemist said, clenching her fists. It sounded like she had found her resolve. “Feel free to call me whenever you need to make an order again. I’ll always prioritize your orders!”

	“I’m glad to hear that.”

	We exchanged a handshake and a smile before we said goodbye. Unfortunately, my smile didn’t last long.

	—It’s been a while since I’ve seen a Hunter who called himself good. And it’s my first time to see someone who didn’t say anything about it. Hey, are you two nuts? Tsk, tsk, tsk. Both of you are out of your mind.

	“…I know it was cringe, so let’s just get on with my training.”

	On the next day, we headed to a hunting ground. My bag was loaded with a sleeping bag and elixirs. One difference from usual was that I was on the third floor, not the second. The third floor was a little high for a Class F Hunter like me because goblins, orcs, and other monsters that were too much for me to handle roamed the area.

	I watched them from afar. “What do I do now?”

	—Drink an elixir first.

	I nodded and gulped down the elixir from my thermos bottle without question.

	“Mmm…” I expected it to taste like ginseng essence, but it was pretty ordinary. It smelled like lemon and actually tasted rather pleasantly of honey.

	I gasped.

	My heart beat harder than usual. At first, I thought I was mistaken, but I wasn’t—my back was drenched in sweat immediately. It was amazing… I could feel every drop of sweat running down my back.

	What? I frowned.

	It wasn’t just my sweat. I could feel the texture and pressure of the air around my fingers, and even the ground I was standing on. A blink of an eye seemed to take thirty seconds.

	“This… is…”

	—It’s because of the elixir.

	Only the Guardian’s voice sounded normal; the rest of the world moved at a crawl.

	—It slows down your perception time to an extreme level. Well, it’ll be easier to understand as something that gives you as much time as necessary. I hate to admit it, but that lady is quite skilled.

	It was horrible. I could feel every strand of hair on my body as if I was covered in hundreds of thousands of ants. Even the movements of my veins were clear to me. If I didn’t know it was an elixir, I would have mistaken it for poison.

	—Can’t you feel it?

	“Feel… what?”

	—It’s moving around your heart.

	There was definitely something there, flowing. I had never felt it this clearly in my life. It wasn’t my blood. It was much softer and thinner than my veins; however, it was clear that it was slowly circulating within me, centered around my heart.

	—That is your aura. Every Hunter in the Tower has an aura of their own, but they just carry on with their daily lives without realizing it exists. The deciding factor of a fight is how much aura a Hunter can draw on, the Guardian said.

	His quiet laughter lasted over twenty seconds inside my head. Although he probably only laughed for a split second, my perception of time made it stretch. It was so exhausting that I would lose consciousness if I let my guard down even for a second.

	—You normally get used to the flow of your aura by meditating in the lotus position or training on your own. But that’d take too long.

	Through the swarm of sensations, I could feel that something huge was approaching me.

	I heard a footstep, stretched unnaturally long like the Guardian’s laughter. When I managed to look up, I saw a giant orc walking toward me.

	—If a person lacks talents like you, you have to make up for it through pain.

	Fuck.

	—Now, draw up your aura unless you want to get hurt, Kim Zombie! Someone like you has to train through real combat! You won’t stay dead even if you die, so who cares if it ruins your body?

	“You… freaking ghost…!”

	—Hmm? You know, I have trouble hearing a loser who can’t even use his aura.

	Once again, the Guardian burst into manic laughter.

	—Does it hurt? You can kill yourself if you don’t want to do this. Oh, wait. It’ll increase your kill count. With over four thousand, Gramps Marcus will be so much nicer to you, won’t he?

	Ah, my partner was a true villain.

Chapter 13

Do You Have A Skill Too? (1)

	Grrrrrr!

	Maybe the orc didn’t roar. It probably just growled for a moment, but to me, it sounded like a roar ringing around my ears for a good fifty seconds!

	“Urgh…!”

	It felt like my brain was going to be shredded at impossibly slow speeds.

	—Hey, focus! the Guardian snapped at me.

	—Don’t let low-level monsters like orcs scare you! An orc is freakishly strong, but its attacks are very straightforward. As long as you know where the attack is coming from, you can dodge or counter it. It’s a piece of cake.

	“That’s… easier said… than done…!”

	—It’s coming.

	The orc swung—no, was swinging its bat. Although it was slow, the orc was clearly aiming for my head. Unless I did something about it, my head was going to be crushed in less than twenty seconds.

	“Fu… ck!” I leaped to the side with all my might, but it didn’t work out like I had thought.

	I’m slow as a slug!

	Even though it only took one step to dodge the orc’s attack, taking that one step took too long. It was frustrating as hell. I was sure I could avoid it! I knew which direction the attack was coming from!

	—You can dodge it. Don’t give up. Use the aura around your heart and strengthen your foot! Push more of your aura to the right foot! Come on!

	Shit. I know you’re a ghost, but did you really have to be just all talk?[1]

	I was sensing my aura for the first time in my life, so how in the world was I supposed to focus it in my foot? It was really easier said than done, but… I didn’t have any other choice. I had to do it somehow. Even though it was true that I didn’t fear death, I hated the idea of getting my head crushed by an orc’s club!

	Move! I yelled at myself.

	The pure flow, centered on my heart and thinner than my veins, was somehow as refreshing as a clear brook. I tried to push the sensation toward my right leg, and it worked, somewhat. I could feel my aura starting to move from my heart, but…

	—It’s more difficult than you think, isn’t it?

	…Yes, it was.

	—That’s because your pathways for your aura haven’t been developed enough. They’re like remote trails deep in a mountain. You need to pave them into expressways to be considered an expert in aura.

	I took a deep breath and concentrated on my right leg.

	My heart was a clogged faucet, and my leg was a cup below the faucet. The clogged faucet dripped out aura drop by drop.

	—The only reason you can sense your aura is the elixir you drank. It wouldn’t have been possible without it. Tsk. The lady has a questionable sense of hygiene but she’s damn good.

	I could feel the wind beat on my skin as the club narrowly brushed past me. It left a small whirlwind behind which scattered against my leg. I would have been crushed by the orc’s bat if I had been just half a second late.

	“Wh… at… happensss…?”

	I was relieved that I’d managed to avoid the orc’s attack, but that feeling didn’t last long. The orc snorted in anger, upset by the fact that a weak prey like me had dared to dodge its attack. The orc immediately raised its club again.

	The orc was getting ready to plow through my waist with a horizontal swing. There was no time to rest—I focused my aura into my torso.

	—Hmm? What do you mean ‘what happens’?

	“Once I make the trails… into expressways…!”

	It was still difficult. My heart was still a clogged faucet with no signs of running like a river. My mouth burned with thirst, but only a drop of aura came out of the tap.

	I hate to admit it, but he’s right.

	His analogy couldn’t be more accurate; the pathways for my aura were remote trails choked by weeds. That was why I wondered, when I finally surpassed my current level…

	“…What… happens!”

	—Ha.

	The Guardian chuckled.

	—You got your head chopped off by Gramps Marcus before you could do anything, right?

	Indeed, I recalled how the waxing moon had waned that night.

	—That is the level of neat avenues.

	The beautiful slash I had seen was just at the level of avenues.

	—Gramps Marcus still has a long way to go. I’m sure I don’t have to hurt my mouth repeating the same thing for you. Zombie, I don’t give you hell because I have a trashy personality. I’m doing it for a good reason, heh.

	I clenched my teeth with determination.

	—Hmm?

	I sucked in a breath and ducked.

	The orc’s club swished right over my head. It was already the second time I narrowly avoided the orc’s attacks. I wasn’t going to let the orc attack a third time.

	—Wow.

	I focused my aura into my feet.

	—Look at you.

	And then I flexed my legs. As I gathered my aura, I also tried to bend my knees, bunching up my legs like a coiled spring. One second, three second, five second… It was not much, but the moment I had gathered some aura, I leaped as high as I could with my dagger aimed at the front of the orc’s neck!

	The monster looked down at me and made a dumb noise. I could see me and the dagger reflected in its eyes, growing bigger by the second. I stabbed its neck with my dagger, and the orc’s face contorted in pain. Its scream echoed over the empty hunting ground.

	I did it.

	The moment I thought it was done, I heard the Guardian’s shouting at me.

	—Don’t let your guard down just yet! Orcs have thick skin! Focus your aura at the tip of your dagger! No, that’s too hard for you—just pour out everything you have!

	I did just that. I squeezed out every drop of aura from my heart and pushed it into my dagger. Every time I added another drop, the orc’s screams of pain became louder.

	Krrr. Grrrr… Krrrr…!

	The orc’s blood splashed onto my face, but I let it drip down my skin without even blinking because I was fully intent on jamming more aura through my dagger.

	“Di… e…!”

	For a fleeting moment, I could feel that I’d pierced the orc’s neck.

	Grrr… Grr…

	The orc staggered. Even that took a long time.

	I was still holding onto my dagger, so I had also fallen with it when it had finally collapsed.

	I clawed for breath as I looked at the orc’s corpse.

	Breathing wasn’t my only problem; my muscle aches caught up a little later and my head was spinning.

	“Urgh…”

	—Does it hurt? Yeah, I’m sure it hurts like hell. You haven’t even built proper pathways yet, but you still pushed yourself to your limit. There’s no way your feeble body can handle that! Serves you right! The Guardian smirked as he flew around me.

	“You evil—”

	—Oh, yeah. I like how you used your aura to jump. Good job on that one. You always have to be creative when using aura. Many people are mistaken about this—smart people tend to be better fighters.

	That was none of my concern right now.

	“H-huff…! Urgh…!”

	My biggest interest was how to quell this bone-crushing, vein-bursting pain. Pain tended to subside over time, but the elixir I had consumed made the sensations stretch into an eternity.

	It hurt. It just hurt. I felt like I was going to die.

	—Does it hurt so much you feel like you’re going to die?

	“Can’t you… see…?”

	—It’ll get better if you actually die.

	What?

	—Forcibly building pathways for aura nearly paralyzes you. The injury is irreversible, so it’s not something potions can fix, which basically means you voluntarily crippled yourself to kill an orc.

	“Wh… at…?”

	—I already told you, Zombie. I wouldn’t have recommended this kind of training if it weren’t for your time regression Skill. Gramps Marcus also drinks elixirs, but he just sits in the lotus position and meditates. He doesn’t throw himself at monsters.

	Something was fundamentally twisted with this ghost.

	—But you go back in time if you die. It’s awesome! You’re fine with whatever method of training because you don’t have to suffer the consequences! Gosh, I envy you. I envy you so much. It would’ve been so great if I had a time regression Skill like you!

	Wow. How could anyone be this annoying? Maybe the Guardian’s passive Skills were Smirk or Be a Dickhead. Otherwise, I had no way to explain his fundamentally twisted nature.

	—But it increases your kill count when you kill yourself, right, Zombie?

	“So…?”

	—We don’t need to take the risk. It’ll make it even more dangerous if Gramps Marcus sees you.

	I heard a loud, ominous thump behind me. I had an unnerving feeling that I’d heard the same sound not too long ago. When I turned around, I realized that I was on point: another orc, practically identical to the orc I had just defeated, was standing there, drooling.

	“Sh… it…”

	It was the same type of monster, but my condition wasn’t the same. Every part of me ached and I couldn’t even lift a finger. Just like the Guardian had said, I was nearly paralyzed.

	—It’s okay! So many Hunters out there never learn how to use their aura their entire lives. It only took one elixir for you to get the gist of it; at this rate, you’ll only need to die one hundred times to get the hang of it! It’s said that a journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. You need to die first to reach one hundred deaths!

	The Guardian grinned.

	—Let’s go, Zombie! Start with one death!

	The orc swung his club down on my head. I watched it fill more and more of my vision.

	“Ah… Crap…”

	My nose was broken, my skull was shattered, and my brain was crushed. I was sure that not many people would have experienced this. That was good for them because it felt like shit. The one consolation was that I heard a voice as soon as my brain exploded.

	[You have died.]

	The world was now normal, although it was more that my sense of time that returned to its original state.

	Phew… I sighed after I found myself in a dark world. This was the place I briefly stayed in after I died and was waiting for time to be rewound. Although I was starting to get used to the place now… someone I didn’t want to get used to was also here with me, floating in the air.

	—Huh?

	It was the Guardian.

	—Wow, what is this?

	…It’s where I wait after I die. This is where I picked the Skill Cards when the Fire Emperor and Sword Star killed me. I’m calling it the Underworld for now.

	—It’s super interesting.

	The Guardian looked around the dark world.

	—But why am I here too, Zombie?

	Who knows? It’s probably because you’re haunting me. I sighed. After a little while, I hear a voice that says “Rewinding twenty-four hours,” and I go back in time. Oh, I wonder if you’ll also—

	Just as I was about to finish…

	[It has been determined that your death met the requirement of the Skill activation.]

	[Duplicating Monster: Orc’s Skills at random.]

	…Huh?

	—What?

	The Guardian and I froze. We turned and looked at each other at the same time. The Guardian had a dumbfounded look on his face, and I was sure that my expression wasn’t any different from his.

	[Creating Skill Cards]

	Looking up at two bronze-colored cards floating in the dark world, I blankly thought,… Monsters have Skills?

	—What the hell! This is so broken! the Guardian yelled.

* * *

	1. The raw is 귀신이면서 입만 팔딱 살아서는! It’s a Korean play on words. 입만 팔딱 살아서는(Only your mouth is alive) is an expression that a person is all talk, so Gong-Ja is using the Guardian’s death as a comeback. ☜

Chapter 14

Do You Have A Skill Too? (2)

	Regardless of what the Guardian kept yapping about, the voice told me that it was true.

	[Choose a Skill Card.]

	Two bronze cards whizzed through the air. They were moving so quickly that I was getting dizzy, but that wasn’t the most confusing thing about this situation.

	—It’s so unfair that he gets to copy monsters’ Skills too. No, this is a fraud! Hey, who the hell manages the Tower?! I’m a good Hunter, but you never gave me a Skill like this. Why are you giving it to a lame Hunter like him?!

	I frowned. Can you please be quiet?

	—Come out! This doesn’t count. Freaking hell! The Guardian floundered around angrily. It was… ugly. I had to wonder if he was really an adult; he was acting like a child who didn’t get to have a lollipop.

	Sigh. Let’s focus on the cards. I stared at the two flying bronze cards. They’re both shit-colored, so I’m sure they aren’t good Skills…

	However, my heart was pounding nonetheless. I couldn’t believe it—I got to take a monster’s Skill! I felt like I was doing something that would get me thrown into jail if I got caught.

	I’m curious. I slowly extended my hand. Let’s just choose something!

	The moment I was about to touch one, the damned ghost stuck his nose in my business again.

	—What? You’re going to choose that one?

	The butterflies in my stomach were massacred. Seriously, the Guardian was great at killing the mood.

	Yeah, it doesn’t matter what I choose, I sourly answered.

	The Guardian gave me a look from behind the cards.

	—What do you mean, it doesn’t matter? Since you’re milking your life with this overpowered Skill, you may as well pick the best Skill you can get.

	Both of them are bronze-colored, so I don’t know which Skill Card is better. This is just a game of luck.

	—Huh? Why can’t you tell which is the better one?

	Why are we talking in circles today? I shouted, frustrated. The cards are the same color! I only see the back of them, so how fuck am I supposed to know which one is better?

	—I can see them though. The Guardian tilted his head.

	You can what?

	—I can see the front side of these cards, the Guardian continued with a straight face.

	I gave him a dumb look. What the heck are you tal…

	I trailed off, realizing that I’d ignored one important factor: location! No matter how I turned my head, the cards would move with me. I only got to see the back of the cards and had no way of knowing what was written on the front, much like how a person on Earth couldn’t see the far side of the moon.

	However, the limit only applied to me, and the Guardian could freely fly around in this dark world. Naturally, he would be able to fly to a spot where he had a good look at the front side of the Skill Cards.

	Oh my god… I mumbled. Can you really see the Skill descriptions from there?

	The Guardian frowned.

	—Of course I can. Do you think I’m blind or something? Ever since I was a boy, I’ve been famous for my sharp eyes. There was this kid named Gaeddong in my neighborhood; when I was five, he used his slingshot on me, but I managed to dodge it. That’s how good my eyes are. That’s actually how I managed to learn Hawkeyes later too. Hah! Do you understand how great I—

	Eureka!

	—What the fuck? Did you just lose your mind? Why are you shouting?

	I was too busy rejoicing in my sudden good fortune to worry about the Guardian’s reaction.

	Eureka! Eureka! Eurekaaaaaa!

	—Maybe I called you Zombie too many times and your brain actually turned into a rotten mush. Tsk, tsk… The Guardian looked at me like I’d gone crazy.

	* * *

	Blessing of Reproduction

	Class: E

	Effects: Ah, although Mother Nature gave us a home to live in, she also tested us! Orcs overcome Mother Nature’s trials by maximizing their ability to reproduce. Did an orc just die? Don’t worry, there are still nine more orcs left. You just haven’t run into them yet!

	※However, you will always be in heat.

	Shik-Shik

	Class: F

	Effects: “We say ’shik’ at every end of our sentences. We don’t know why we do it, shik! But why don’t you try it too, shik?” The orc holds its thumb up. “You will never get bored of it, shik!”

	※However, shik-shik.

	Whoa… According to the Guardian, both Skills were insanely bad, as expected from shit-colored Skill Cards. It was hard to keep my mouth closed.

	—How is it? You might have gotten Shik-Shik if I didn’t stop you, Gong-Ja. Since you’re a man, you gotta try living with the stamina of an orc. Come on. Bow in gratitude!

	The nonsense the Guardian kept spewing was equally incredible. Everything right now was so remarkable that all I could do was be amazed.

	First, I chose to ignore the Guardian and put my brain to work.

	Hmm. If I have to pick one, Shik-Shik seems better.

	—What? You can’t be serious.

	No, I’m on the right track. I nodded to myself. I’ve considered them very carefully, and Shik-Shik is more useful than the Blessing of Reproduction.

	—Hey, hey! Hold on! Think about it a little more. Keep your head cool…

	I watched the Guardian panic and smirked. It looks like you and I think the same.

	Before the Guardian could stop me, I snatched one of the shit-colored cards. Despite the speed at which they flew, I didn’t have any problems. It might have been different if there were many of them, there were only two Skill Cards right now.

	[You have chosen a Skill Card.

	[Copying the Skill.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	—N-no!!!

	Yes!!!

	The Guardian and I screamed together.

	[Your Hunter Class is F.]

	[You will not receive your Skill penalty.]

	The dark world brightened.

	* * *

	“Hmm!” I opened my eyes, feeling refreshed in my mind. “Ah, this is good. Yeah, the best way to relieve stress is a good sleep.”

	Instead of my seven-square-meter studio, I was in a hotel room big enough for one person, the accommodations the MA had recommended for me. After winning the first place lottery, I was staying here for the time being.

	—Shit! I thought you’d fall for it! You’re needlessly sharp!

	Meanwhile, the Guardian was kicking his feet at the air, frustrated that he’d failed to trick me into getting a worse Skill. Just the sight of it made me feel as tranquil as a landscape painting.

	“Hehe. Okay, I should pack my elixirs again… And show me my Hunter Status Window.”

	I had no time to waste, so I checked the status window as I headed to a hunting ground.

	Name: Kim Gong-Ja.

	Class: F

	Skills (4/4):

	1. I Want To Be Like You(S+): Passive

	2. Returner’s Clockwork(EX): Passive

	3. Sword Constellation(A+): Passive

	4. Shik-Shik(F): Active

	“Nice.”

	My Skill slots were full, but that was okay. I could just overwrite Shik-Shik with a new one, and I would use Shik-Shik as best as I could until that happened.

	—Gong-Ja, this got me thinking… Meditating isn’t a bad way to train either. It hurts when you die. You don’t need to train in such a painful way. Besides, inner cultivation in the lotus position is a cool way to train yourself!

	“Phew.” I arrived at the third-floor hunting ground where orcs were roaming.

	Grrrr-shik.

	Keeping an eye on the orcs’ locations, I pulled out my elixir in a still-warm thermos and drank it up in one gulp.

	—Hey, Gong-Ja. Can’t you hear me? Let’s train in a more peaceful way. I can help you get the hang of using your aura in half a year even if you just meditate. There are no better or worse methods to train with, okay? Trust me.

	“Wow! It tastes good!” I said, smacking my lip. It looked like the Chemist had also considered taste. Although it was only my second time drinking her elixirs, I felt like I was already getting addicted to the flavor.

	“You know what, Mr. Sword Emperor?” I asked as I waited for the elixir to kick in.

	—Hmm? What? Are you going to start meditating?

	“I’m feeling generous today, so I’ll give you a chance to fix your habit. You call me Zombie if you feel like you’re at the upper hand, but Gong-Ja when it’s the opposite. And you’ve been calling me Gong-Ja today.”

	As soon as I finished speaking, the world around me slowed to a crawl. I could feel the faint flow around my pounding heart again. It was my aura! The Guardian’s training method was certainly effective. I was able to feel my aura more vividly than my last try.

	I calmed my breathing as I approached a huge, green monster. When it sensed my approaching presence, the orc’s ears twitched and it slowly turned around.

	Grrr?

	The orc’s eyes widened. It must be confused to see prey voluntarily walking toward it.

	Grrrrrrrrr!

	The orc held up its club. It decided to gladly accept this lucky opportunity. I, too, was quite pleased.

	[The Skill Shik-Shik has been activated.]

	“Shi… k! Shik…!”

	The orc’s eyes widened much more than before and its club stopped mid-swing.

	“Shik… Shik? Sh… ik?” The orc tilted its head, wondering how it should deal with the fact that its prey was speaking in its language.

	Due to the orc’s limited intelligence, it was impossible for the green monster to understand what was going on, and I was smart enough to not miss this golden opportunity.

	“Shik!” I spoke in perfect Orcish like a native orc!

	The orc stopped growling.

	“Sh… ik?” it cautiously said.

	The orc was clearly getting more and more confused—so confused that it didn’t even put up a fight when I came at it. I added a drop of my aura to my blade; not too much, not too little.

	I swung my dagger and slit the orc’s throat in one smooth leap. The huge orc collapsed to the ground, blood spraying from its wound in a grisly fountain.

	“Sh… ik…? Shik…”

	It continued to shik-shik, confused and angry. Perhaps it was saying something like, “Et tu, Brute?”

	“Shik.” I smiled victoriously. I ached all over because I’d forced my aura… but I was much, much better than I had been the last time. If I only used this much aura, it was okay. I didn’t have a problem.

	—That’s so low! I knew you would do this!

	The Guardian trembled in anger.

	—How are you going to sleep at night after fooling a good orc like that? You never considered how the orcs would feel about this, didn’t you? Innocent orcs are harmed because of filthy humans like you!

	Instead of bothering to quote, “There are no better or worse methods to train with,” I sneered and replied with one word.

	“Shik!”

	—Arghhhhh! This is so fucking annoying! It’s irritating as hell! Why did you give such an overpowered Skill to this weasel, Tower!

	After a week, I started to train in the fifth-floor hunting ground.

Chapter 15

Do You Have A Skill Too? (3)

	A week passed.

	Grrrr…

	The Goblin King staggered, grumbling like a pot at a boil. The ruler of the fifth-floor hunting ground slowly fell to the ground, bleeding from the cut on its throat.

	“Gorr.” I looked down at the Goblin King’s body solemnly.

	For the last week, the monster in front of me had been my greatest enemy. I died so many times trying to kill this monster. Feeling like an honorable warrior who was bidding a farewell to his rival, I—

	—Stop fucking around, you wacko zombie, the Guardian scoffed.

	“Ah, please. It took me six Coins to kill it. Can’t you let me just enjoy the moment?” I grumbled.

	The number of Coins equaled how many times I’d risked my life. Since I was on my sixth Coin, I had died five times to get this Goblin King.

	—What? I always speak the truth. Only a wacko would get sentimental after killing one monster.

	“Is that so? Mr. Sword Emperor is such an honorable man.”

	Perhaps it was noticeable from how casually I was talking to my Guardian, but I’d gotten used to using my aura now. Even as I bantered with the Guardian, the world was slow because I was on my elixir again but I was speaking a lot faster than usual by using aura in my tongue.

	“Gorrrrrr.”

	However, I had used an expedient to win the fight, rather than fighting the Goblin King fair and square. Scratching my head, I pulled out a shit-colored Skill Card.

	High Society of Goblins

	Class: F

	Effects: A problem greatly troubled the Goblin King: “Goblin culture is too uncivilized. Every sentence ends with ‘kerr-kerr’. I cannot show my dignity like this!” Just then, a stroke of genius struck the Goblin King. “That’s right! From now on, I shall end my sentences with gorrr. Gorrr! It suits my elegance, gorr.”

	※However, it will intensify the conflict within the race.

	※The Skill has been copied from Monster: Goblin King.

	I clicked my tongue. “Goblins worry about the most useless stuff. Kerr and gorr aren’t that different from one another.”

	—That’s why they’re goblins. Humans aren’t any different from them though.

	“Pardon?”

	—I was talking to myself.

	I was about to press him when I heard a voice in my head.

	[Your presence has become stronger.]

	It was my first time hearing the message, but I knew what it meant. Many Hunters talked about it in their interviews, and some of them actually streamed it live.

	“F-finally!” I clenched my fists.

	I had been a Class F Hunter all my life and I was constantly worried that I might still be the same until my last day. However, after acquiring the Skills to duplicate Skills and regress in time, I had overcome numerous trials and tribulations. Finally, the moment of leveling up arrived for me too!

	[Hunter Kim Gong-Ja’s level has increased.]

	“Ah…” I marveled.

	[Your Skill slots have increased!]

	[Your Hunter Class is E.]

	I was still a Class E Hunter though.

	[May luck be with you.]

	My aura surged from within me, rising as fiery red streams that enveloped me before it dripped downward and disappeared.

	—… Is it fire? the Guardian mumbled, his brow furrowed. Blood? Hmm… It’s confusing. It looks like it could be either of the two…

	“The visual effect just now means I leveled up, right?”

	—It’s not just about looking cool. It’s sort of like a hint. The Guardian scratched the back of his head.

	“A hint?”

	—Yeah. How your aura reacts when you level up determines the form of your aura. For example, the Fire Emperor, the guy you killed, would have had an aura of fire. I’m sure of it.

	“Fire…” I remembered how the Fire Emperor had burned the Saintess to death in the slum alley. Although I never wanted to remember it again… I agreed that his aura would have been in the form of fire.

	—The form of a Hunter’s aura usually depends on their trauma. Well, it doesn’t have to be trauma, but it normally is. It’s like a reflection of your subconsciousness. Notable incidents, moments, and memories that impact the rest of their lives are reflected in the form of their aura.

	“I see.”

	—From the looks of it, I think yours is either fire or blood.

	That made me wonder.

	“Then… what’s the Sword Star’s aura?”

	—Moonlight, the Guardian casually replied. When he was a boy, Gramps Marcus got lost in a mountain. Since he didn’t want to die, he forced himself to get to the top of the mountain. The canopy became thinner as he got closer to the top, slowly revealing the night sky. When he finally got to the peak, he had a full view of the sky.

	—It got him thinking. The moon doesn’t shine on its own. It merely reflects the sun’s light, but it’s still beautiful nonetheless. He wanted to shine like moonlight by embracing life. That incident left a very deep impression on him, so he’s been trying all his life to live by that conviction.

	“You said he was a boy back then,” I had to ask.

	—Yup. It happened when he was twelve years old.

	“What kind of a twelve-year-old is capable of thinking that deep?”

	—That’s why Gramps Marcus is a natural-born geezer. Tsk, tsk. When I was his age, I was thinking about the best way to beat the crap out of a gangster that was bothering me. The Guardian nodded to himself.

	“No… I wouldn’t exactly call it normal… either…”

	If the Sword Star was a natural-born geezer, then was the Guardian born to be a bully?

	—Anyhow, since you’ve gotten used to the fifth floor, let’s get to the hunting ground on the sixth floor.

	“Oh, about that. Can we head straight to the tenth floor and work on taking down the boss monster?”

	—What?

	“I now know that I can copy monsters’ Skills and I’m somewhat familiar with using my aura. I think I’m more than ready to take down the tenth-floor boss monster.”

	The Guardian gave me a sharp stare.

	—Kim Gong-Ja, you’re still a greenhorn. Isn’t it too soon for you to get arrogant?

	“Definitely not,” I asserted.

	The tenth floor of the Tower in my world had remained uncleared for several years, and was believed to be unassailable. Despite the difficulty, I dared to suggest clearing it, so the Guardian had every right to be concerned.

	“I’m really confident about this,” I repeated. No, I was sure that I could do it. “If I fail to kill the tenth-floor boss monster within two Coins, I’ll call you Teacher.”

	—Huh? Two Coins?

	The Guardian looked very tempted.

	—It took you six Coins to take down the goblins’ leader; are you seriously telling me that you’ll take the boss monster down with only two Coins? You may not know this, but I always collect my winnings no matter what it takes.

	“But! There are conditions.”

	—Huh?

	I raised my index finger. “Tell me all the Skills that the tenth-floor boss monster has. You can’t lie or hide their Skills, and don’t do anything to the cards either.”

	—Hmm… Okay. That’s fair…

	“And!” I grinned. “If I win, call me Mr. Gong-Ja as politely and respectfully as possible. What? Are you scared? Well, you can quit if you’re a chicken.”

	There was nothing a bully hated more than being called a chicken, and the Guardian was no ordinary bully. He was the strongest bully who had cleared the ninety-ninth floor of the Tower in another world. A hot stream of air blew out of his nostrils.

	—Ptoo! One overpowered Skill made a greenhorn cocky enough to mock me, the Sword Emperor! Aaaaaaalright!!! Fine! Let’s make this bet!

	“Deal.”

	—Deal! Kim Zombie, I guarantee that you won’t be able to kill the tenth-floor monster. You’ll call me Teacher for the rest of your life. Oh, riiiiight! You can’t even die, so you’ll have to call me Teacher forever.

	“Is one of your passive Skills Delusional? Get ready to serve your master.”

	—Hehehehe.

	“Hehehe.”

	We snickered sinisterly and glared at each other.

	The Hunters hunting goblins watched us from a distance.

	“Hey, did you see that guy? He keeps talking to himself.”

	“He’s laughing to himself now. Is there a problem with his head?”

	“Shhhh! He might look at us. Pretend you didn’t hear anything. We heard nothing.”

	…I realized I should try to not look like I was talking to myself. I clamped my lips shut and headed to the tenth floor.

	* * *

	Unlike the other hunting grounds, a guard dispatched from the Hunter Management Bureau was standing in front of the entrance to the tenth floor’s boss monster. He listened to my request and frowned.

	“You’re going to challenge the boss monster on your own?”

	“That’s right.”

	In less than two seconds, I became a crazy guy in the guard’s eyes.

	“Umm, I’m not sure if you’ve seen the news recently, but… The Black Dragon Guild made a Tower Raid Team with thirty of their elites and four High Rankers and they still failed. Hunting on your own is practically suicide.”

	“I don’t see anything wrong with my request,” I insisted. “Bureau regulations say to let all Hunters in if they want to challenge boss monsters.”

	“You aren’t wrong, but…” The guard answered, looking troubled. “I’m sorry, but I have to record all the Hunters who enter the room. My superior in the Bureau is going to check it… and then I become the bad guy who let a Hunter walk to their death. Please cut me some slack here.”

	“Mmm…” I calmly stroked my chin, wondering what I should do.

	—What is this bureau? The Tower in my world never had guys like that!

	As expected, I was the only one who was calm.

	—They’re all lazy pigs! I never liked them! This is why these so-called Hunter Management Bureau and the guilds are still twiddling their thumbs on the tenth floor! They wasted too much of their energy on politics! Hey, Kim Zombie! Just beat him up and go fight the boss.

	Why would I beat an innocent person? I silently asked the Guardian.

	—He dares to stand in my way.

	I clicked my tongue at the Guardian. As expected from a psychopath, he treated humans as worse than mosquitos.

	“Sir.” I pulled out a pouch. “I can tell that you’re a hard-working man. You’re right, challenging the boss monster is practically suicide, but… that’s what I want.”

	“Say what?”

	“Things have been too hard for me recently…” I smiled bitterly. “My lover died a year ago, and the Alchemist Office has recently diagnosed me with a terminal illness. I have half a year at most, and I’m not sure I can endure it without my lover.”

	“Ah…”

	—What? What kind of shitshow is this, Zombie? The Guardian frowned.

	Ignoring him, I softly continued, “But I’m a Hunter, although my Class is low. I don’t want to be hospitalized in the Alchemist Office until the end of my life, wondering if I’ll die today or tomorrow. If I’m going to die, I want to challenge a monster like a true Hunter.”

	“What a story…” The guard gave me a look of pity, the one people usually made after listening to a tragic story.

	“Here is the money I saved for my treatment.” I handed him the pouch, heavy with one hundred gold. “…Why don’t you take it? I have no use for it anyway.”

	“I-I can’t take that!”

	“I’m going to die anyway, so I want to do it with no regrets. Sir, please don’t record my name in the entrance list either. This is my last request as a Hunter…”

	The guard’s eyes got teary. Part of the weight on his heavy heart was no doubt the pouch full of money.

	“…Okay. Go. I didn’t see anything…”

	The Guardian was dumbstruck.

	—Hello? Are you two shooting a movie? Someone please tell me there are cameras rolling around somewhere.

	Regardless, the guard let me in. I walked across a stone path that led to a fancy mansion. It seemed to have once been owned by a noble family. I stood in front of the mansion’s gate and slowly pushed it open.

	The tenth floor was originally cleared by Yoo Soo-Ha, but that’s going to change. I listened to the gate’s hinges squeal as I opened it and took a step inside. I’ll recreate—no, create legends that are even more incredible than the Fire Emperor’s.

	The stage began with peals of laughter coming from all directions. At the same time, the gate I entered through swung shut.

	The place turned dark instantly and creepy laughter from beyond the darkness grew louder and louder.

	—Are you here to play?

	No one made a move, but candles glued all over the floor lit up one by one, revealing dolls everywhere. They were girlish dolls that children would play with.

	—Are you going to play with us?

	The dolls opened their mouths.

	—Freeze tag? Red light, green light? Hide and seek?

	—The ice melted. The street light is gone. Hide and seek it is!

	—Yeah! Play with us! Play hide and seek with us!

	—Hehehehehe!

	“Alright, I’ll play.” I got into position.

	My aura, which I had spent the last week training, billowed out of me.

	I heard a voice, as if to affirm my decision.

	[One challenger has entered the boss monster stage.]

	[The challenger’s name is Hunter Kim Gong-Ja.]

	[May luck be with you.]

	This was the start of the Hide and Seek in the Infernal Mansion, the stage that no human managed to clear yet.

Chapter 16

The Penalty of Trauma (1)

	Ever since the Tower had appeared in this world, the Black Dragon Guild had been the best guild. The Black Witch, the leader of the guild and the Rank 2 Hunter, had attempted to clear the tenth floor’s boss monster stage dozens of times already, but had failed every time. Still, she had managed to bring back all of her Tower Raid Team members alive.

	「Our abilities aren’t why we failed to clear the tenth floor. We were just a little unlucky.」

	That was what the Black Witch had said in one of her interviews. However, the Fire Emperor had made an incendiary declaration after singlehandedly clearing the tenth floor.

	「Winners make their own luck, you losers.」

	The interview was named “Shoutout for Losers” later. Having become a group of losers overnight, the Black Dragon Guild became hostile toward the Fire Emperor… Well, that wasn’t important anymore because I had already killed Yoo Soo-Ha, eliminating the possibility of him saying anything like that in an interview.

	The problem at hand was why the Fire Emperor had been the only one who could clear the tenth floor. Was it the Fire Emperor’s overwhelming power? Was there another reason? Those questions were about to be answered.

	* * *

	[Initiating the boss monster stage.]

	All the candles that illuminated the mansion fell over at once, starting a fire. The mansion was alight in no time, as if the entire structure had been doused in oil. Only the dolls were unaffected by the blazing fire.

	—Hehehehehe!

	—You’re it, Mister! We’ll run away!

	—Let’s run. Let’s run! Let’s run away from here!

	There were thousands of doll girls in the first-floor lobby alone, so I assumed that there were tens of thousands of dolls in the entire mansion.

	It’s one of them. I swallowed. Only one of them is the real one.

	Being forced to gamble on one in some ten thousands odds was the reason why the Hunters before me had failed to clear the stage.

	Everyone burned to death while trying to search for the real doll. They have ten minutes to search at most if they want to escape before they die.

	The fire currently consuming the mansion was no ordinary fire; it was Hellfire, the fire of aura.

	And it’s burning up the whole mansion.

	The boss monster of this floor knew how to use aura! The Raid Teams that had come before me had met one of the two endings: they had died in the Hellfire or escaped before their demise. One of the Hunters had risked his life and bet against the odds, but it was useless. He had ended up as yet another Hunter who met a gruesome, painful end in the fire.

	The stage was an unassailable sea of fire. And… that was the reason why the Fire Emperor got to clear the tenth floor.

	“He certainly rides on his luck,” I muttered.

	Right—the Fire Emperor’s aura was fire, the same type as the boss monster’s. To other Hunters, this mansion was an inferno, but the Fire Emperor had found it as comfortable as his own home.

	“Tsk.”

	To sum up, the Fire Emperor was a great match for this stage.

	He would have just wandered around until he found the real one.

	Yet he had the audacity to claim it was a matter of competence. I really couldn’t find any redeeming features.

	—Aren’t you the Hunter who rides on luck, Zombie? The Guardian smirked at me.

	I frowned. “What are you talking about? Even right now, I’m using my aura, but I’m barely holding out.”

	Sweat dripped between my eyebrows. It was really hot; far more intense than any sauna and much sweatier. If I hadn’t enveloped myself in my aura, I would have already been burned to a crisp.

	—Yeah. You have at most one minute left, though.

	The Guardian’s assessment was annoyingly accurate.

	—You might like to know that Gramps Marcus has no problem holding out here for at least thirty minutes. Do you want to know why he hasn’t tried this stage yet? It’s because he wants to get better first and increase thirty minutes to one hour.

	“…Yeah, yeah. Thank you so much for telling me about the difference between the Sword Star and I.”

	—Hehehe. The Guardian freely flew around the burning lobby.

	The doll on the floor gave gurgles brightly, and a ghost giggled in the air. This was truly a haunted mansion.

	—So what now? You only have two Coins.

	“What do you mean what? I have to die first, obviously.”

	—Hello? Do you seriously think you’ll suddenly have all the aura in the world if you die here? the Guardian scoffed. There are only two ways to clear this stage! You get incredibly lucky and find the real doll, or you should be a master of aura so that you can endure the mansion’s fire until you find the real doll. But you made a stupid choice and only bet two Coins, didn’t you? It won’t work.

	“Hehe.” I didn’t stop laughing even though I was drenched in sweat. “You only considered one side of this. Maybe you think you considered both sides, but there are actually three sides to this.[1]”

	—What?

	“Let’s see who wins after I die.”

	When I had twenty seconds left until I ran out of my aura. I walked toward the closest doll. I didn’t… really have a reason for it. If I had to come up with one, it would be that it was too boring to stand around and wait for my death. Perhaps I would be really lucky and find the real one.

	—Are you going to play with us?

	The doll’s head twisted around, the rest of its body remaining unsettling still. Despite the fire burning everything in the mansion, the frilly dress the doll was wearing didn’t so much as sizzle, as if it were immune to fire. Movie makers should have scouted this doll for their next horror movie long ago.

	“I got you,” I said, putting my hand on the doll’s head.

	—Wrong! I’m not the one you’re looking for! The doll gurgled.

	The doll let out a laugh—along with its lips, skin, eyes… The entire doll melted away like candle wax. Even as the fire devoured it, the doll kept mumbling like a broken record.

	—It’s not me! It’s not me! It’s not me! Not! Not… me. I’m… not… It’s… It’s not me… I’m… not… It’s… not me…

	“Wow…” I was speechless. A chill went down my spine even though I was surrounded by fire—it was more gruesome than I had imagined it would be. “That’s creepy. Why did the Tower have to make the boss monster stage like this?”

	—No one knows the Tower’s divine will, Zombie. They even gave an overpowered Skill to a weasel like you. If the Tower was a person, they would be a perverted psychopath.

	“Out of all the ways you could have said it… Ugh.”

	I couldn’t grumble any longer. The moment I ran out of aura, the fire swallowed me. The first thing that melted was the soles of my shoes; next was my sleeves and then my hair.

	“Agh… Arghhh! Urgrhhhhh!”

	From head to toe, I was covered in fire. The fire kept burning away at me even after it had eaten away my skin and flesh. It only grew more wild when it found tastier food. As it reached my nerves, bones, esophagus, and intestines, I screamed.

	—And you’re an even bigger pervert than the Tower. Wowza. I know you want to become the best Hunter in the world, but you have no problem getting burned to death? You’re a real pervert, Kim Zombie! You have my approval!

	I wanted to die as soon as possible, even if it was just one second sooner! At one point, I couldn’t make a sound nor hear one after my eyes and ears had been burned away. The moment I felt like my brain became so hot that it was going to explode, I heard the voice I had been waiting for with all my heart.

	[You have died.]

	Shit. The freaking fire could have killed me sooner.

	* * *

	I breathed like a man who had barely managed to escape a watery grave. In truth, I only felt like I was breathing because I was actually in the Underworld, the world of darkness where I moved around like a ghost.

	[It has been determined that your death met the requirement of the Skill activation.]

	[Duplicating Monster: Hellfire Maiden’s Skills at random.]

	And this was also my land of opportunity.

	[Creating Skill Cards.]

	Cards floated in the dark, empty air. Somewhat surprisingly, the boss monster only had one golden card. The rest of them shone with a silver or shit-colored light.

	Now, you haven’t forgotten about our promise, have you?

	—I know. Do you think I’m a guy who would go back on his word? Don’t worry. The Guardian quietly laughed. Let’s see what Skills this young lady has.

	The Guardian floated around to the opposite side of the Skill Cards to tell me what was written on them, as we had promised. He started with the golden card.

	—Whoaaaa! Hey, this is a jackpot.

	Infernal Barrier

	Class: S-

	Effects: Your unresolved grudges, your unheard voice, and your unfulfilled hope. Burn them all.

	“It’s hot.” Is that so? Turn the world into a ball of fire. “I feel like I’m going to die.” Kill everyone instead.

	As long as you desire, your Hellfire will manifest within a two-kilometer radius. No one can escape this hell without your permission. No one.

	※However, you must be within the barrier too.

	It was a formidable Skill.

	—This is a must, Zombie. We don’t need to bother looking at the others. Pick this one.

	—… Hmm? Hey, Kim Zombie. Why aren’t you saying anything?

	No, it’s just… My brow furrowed. Something bugs me, but I don’t know why.

	What was wrong with me? Even though it was a genuinely remarkable Skill, something about it kept bothering me. It didn’t feel right, like an upset stomach after a meal, or the water pipes at home were broken but I didn’t know exactly which pipe was malfunctioning.

	…Anyhow, read the next Skills please.

	—What? I don’t think you’ll get a better Skill than this one. Don’t you have to pick this one?

	I have a specific Skill in mind, so come on. I gestured at the Guardian.

	He pouted a bit, but he continued to list the Skill Cards like I asked.

	—Alright, listen up… Labyrinth Creation’s Class is A-. Next is Doll Control; this is Class B. Remote Control is Class B-. This Class C Skill is Trap Installation…

	He came to an abrupt stop before explaining the last Skill Card, one that shone silver.

	—The fuck? His lip quivered.

	I grinned. I knew it.

	—No, hey… Wait…

	It’s okay. I can tell what it is, so you don’t need to bother reading it out aloud. I was certain that I’d gotten the Skill Card I was looking for.

	[Choose a Skill Card.]

	The cards flew around me like a hurricane, but I was focused on one card only. It wasn’t much of a problem.

	—Hey! Gong-Ja! Hey! Let’s not do this. The Guardian also knew what I was trying to do and was dead set on stopping me. Look at this golden card! It’s Class S Skill! It’s awesome! With this Skill, you’ll be able to use the Infernal Barrier whenever you want! How cool is that!

	I don’t know.

	—Why wouldn’t you know how cool it is? If I were a woman, I would fall head over heels for your infernal bad boy charm! Let’s gooooo! Today is going to be day one of Kim Gong-Ja’s chick magnet liiiiife!

	You should have noticed that something was wrong from the start. I chuckled.

	There was a clue.

	Only one doll is real among the tens of thousands of dolls. The real doll owns the Skill, so it’s immune to fire, naturally. But why would the fake dolls be fine in the fire? I reached out and snatched the silver card.

	—Arghhhh! No! No! Fuck no!

	There is only one answer to this question, Mr. Sword Emperor. I flipped the silver card.

	Always Be Careful Of Fire

	Class: A

	Effects: Ouch, it’s hot! Your entire house will burn down if such a strong fire is left unattended. But rest assured, animate and inanimate objects you select are immune to fire. Be free from the fear of fire and enjoy a life of safety!

	※However, it will make you 300% more vulnerable to water and ice.

	That was right: in the Hide and Seek in the Infernal Mansion, the tenth-floor stage, the boss not only had the ability to burn but could also prevent something from burning. I clenched my fists, rejoicing in my imminent victory.

	Yes! I came, I saw, and I got it!

	The Guardian lost it.

	—No… No… Hic. Hnnngh. This is wrong… This is so wrong…

	What do you mean, no? All I have to do is use the fire immunity Skill on myself, and I’ll have all the time in the world to search for the real doll. Then it’s game over! You’re going to be calling me Mister Gong-Ja real soon!

	—Shit… Fuck… What kind of fuckery is this… This bet is a scam. It’s broken as hell…

	Hahahahaha! Call me Mr. Gong-Ja!

	My laughter echoed in the dark world, joined by a quiet voice that wasn’t mine.

	[You have chosen a Skill Card. Copying the Skill.]

	[Rewinding twenty-four hours.]

	It was a cannon announcing that I was close to winning the bet between me and the Guardian. All I had to do now was to go back a day and challenge the tenth-floor boss monster again.

	[Your Hunter Class is E.]

	But that wasn’t it today.

	[Initiating your Skill penalty.]

	—Huh?

	Oh, wait.

	I never heard the penalty message until now because I had been a Class F Hunter. Since I was now a Class E Hunter, I was going to receive the Skill penalty for the first time in my life. What would it be?

	[Recreating your killer’s trauma.]

	[The penalty’s intensity level is weak.]

	[The penalty’s theme is hell.]

	Huh? Trauma? I tilted my head at the unexpected word. What does it mean my killer’s trauma will be—

	Before I could finish my thought, the world around me turned pure white.

* * *

	1. The raw is 이분이 하나만 알고 둘은 모르시네. 아니, 둘만 알고 셋을 모르는 건가. It’s about the Korean idiom of how one should consider a matter from various angles. ☜

Chapter 17

The Penalty of Trauma (2)

	[Initiating your Skill penalty.]

	[Recreating Monster: Hellfire Maiden’s trauma.]

	I found myself in an elegant mansion. Perhaps that wasn’t the right description. Although I was aware of my existence, I wasn’t technically here. Like a ghost, I watched everything in the third person.

	What? I was perplexed. What is going on…?

	“S-save me.”

	I heard the voice of a boy who was shackled by his foot in a corner of the mansion’s lobby. At first, I thought the boy was seeking help from me, but he wasn’t. He was begging a man who dressed like a noble.

	“Save me, please… I’m so hungry… Food… Please give me food… Anything…”

	“Hmph. Orphans like you are a plague on this kingdom.”

	“Food…”

	“You orphans don’t work and just wander from village to village, spreading diseases. Your existence will eat away at society unless something is done about it. That is why I stand as a warden and guard, quarantining you from the kingdom.”

	A flood of memories rushed into my head. This generation had many homeless people due to a lack of food. The nobleman had gathered many orphans and trapped them in his mansion, disguising it as an orphanage. Outside the mansion, the nobleman was a rich gentleman, a great businessman, and a conscientious academic.

	“Other people may think you orphans are from a breed that is rotten to its core, but not me. I’m going to educate you.”

	Within his huge mansion, however, the nobleman was just a tyrant.

	“Only animals would devour food in front of them because they’re hungry. Yes, you were born in the streets like animals. That doesn’t mean you should grow up as animals.”

	“I’m hungry. I’m…”

	“Endure it. Endure it even if you’re hungry. Endure it to become a human,” the nobleman said with a gentle smile.

	The boy’s rib cage was visible through the holes in his clothes, but the nobleman’s smile didn’t falter for a moment. It looked like there had been or was a world in which a constant smile was a virtue; however, the mad smile only attracted another madman.

	“Repent!”

	“Ahhhh!”

	“Oh, children of the witch! You may be Zrakua’s poison and an illness besetting our kingdom, but fear not. As my god never abandons his followers, neither will I abandon you, young sheep!” The priest raised his hammer.

	“It h-hurts… Hurts… I-it hurts…”
