Information

Table of Contents URL: https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/95097/the-lone-wanderer-astral-projection-alchemy-litrpg

The Lone Wanderer [Astral projection & Alchemy LitRPG]

by PathOfPen

Original ONGOING LitRPG Portal Fantasy / Isekai Progression Xianxia Male Lead Action Adventure Fantasy Mystery First Contact GameLit High Fantasy Magic Mythos Reincarnation Slice of Life Supernatural

Warning This fiction contains: Graphic Violence

Profanity

Sensitive Content

Born at the lowest grade, nobody thought Percy would amount to much.

Everything changes when his bloodline manifests in an unexpected way, letting him possess random bodies across the cosmos. Snatching all sorts of advantages - like a second mana core - Percy can finally claim the resources and respect he's been denied.

Yet, reaching the top won't be easy. Not every journey yields a valuable treasure, and neither the warring Houses nor the invading gods will wait for him to grow...

What to expect:

-Weak to strong male MC

-Daily releases

-Fast paced with frequent powerups

-Fantasy setting with magic and a system

-Isekai elements (Percy often possesses random bodies on distant worlds)

-Western cultivation elements (Cleansing mana core to extend lifespan)

-Morally grey MC (Willing to break a few rules but not a scumbag)

-Alchemy

-Runecrafting

Read chapter 1!

Read up to 60 chapters ahead on Patreon!

Join the discord server!

Chapter 31 – Leaving the nest

A note from PathOfPen

Cultivation is a Game [Xianxia LitRPG Isekai]

Kill. Die. Respawn.

Kai woke up in a Xianxia world...with a LitRPG system.

But hey, at least cultivation works like a game.

Too bad the world itself is brutally real.

Now, it's up to him to leverage his gaming skills, conquer deadly quests, and survive the ruthless environment to become the ultimate cultivator.

* * *

What you can expect:

• Progression

• Character Development

• Comedy

• No Harem/Romance

Micky complained loudly, much to Percy’s dismay. The bird’s screeches were far more piercing than ever before, echoing through the dark forest.

“I’m sorry buddy. You’re too big to sit on my shoulder now.”

The actual advancement had taken less than an hour, but that was just the start. Saying the crow was starving afterwards would be the understatement of the century. Mere minutes after the promotion, Micky had devoured all seven goblins, not leaving a single bone behind. In fact, he ate their weapons too! Gone were the days when he only selectively sampled his victims’ souls and cores, leaving most of their flesh untouched.

Evidently, the bird’s advancement had placed its body in a state of rapid mutation, requiring a ton of nutrients in a short period of time. Percy had watched his friend grow visibly with each bite as they scoured the forest, looking for anything even remotely edible. The two had remained in the Whistling Woods all night, desperately fuelling Micky’s insatiable appetite. It wasn’t until the first rays of sunlight pierced through the dense thicket that the bird seemed to be done eating, its frame now twice as large as before.

‘Oh well… I bet he’s a lot stronger.’

Other than his size, Micky’s appearance hadn’t changed much. The only other notable differences were his beak and talons being even sharper than before. Their edges now glinted in a pale silver light, even outside Soul Vision. Percy sure pitied whoever ended up on the receiving end.

Overall, the most welcome surprise was the improvement to his familiar’s soul, however. It had stabilized a lot even before the promotion, but this new step took everything to a whole new level. Micky’s soul was still an assortment of multiple parts, but they’d grown closer together. The delineation separating the three souls was much fainter, resembling old scars more than fresh wounds.

‘Maybe they’ll fuse completely after another evolution or two.’

Either way, the bird would not only harvest more soul mana from its victims, but it would also need a lot less for itself, sending the lion’s share to Percy. Like this, he was optimistic he’d fully recover in a couple months.

Then he smiled wryly. Not everything was good news. He’d already felt the two had outgrown the Whistling Woods for a while now. To fully take advantage of Micky’s improvements, they’d need to leave the safety of the mansion and venture to more dangerous regions. And there was another, more immediate problem.

‘How do we explain you?’ he frowned, looking at his pal flying circles above him as he stepped out of the dense undergrowth.

Before, they’d used the excuse he’d found Micky abandoned and raised him as a pet. It wasn’t that strange as Red beasts were essentially regular animals. Reaching Orange, however, not only made them stronger, but far more aggressive. The thrill of advancement whetted their appetite, making them all but impossible to tame. Suffice to say, his relatives would be asking a lot of questions if they returned home like this.

***

“Ok. Remember to stay away until I say otherwise.” Percy imparted the same instructions for the fifth time as they neared his family’s estate.

KRA! KRA!

Micky protested but didn’t disobey, taking off to look for a snack or something. The young man made his way to the mansion, heading straight to baldy’s office before knocking at the door.

“Come in.”

Percy stepped inside, ready to deliver the news, when he noticed somebody else in there. He was a black-haired man who looked to be in his early twenties, dressed in an elegant buttoned-up shirt and silken trousers. His core was Blue. He was Galahad, Archibald’s oldest living child currently in the family. A Yellow-born over 400 years old – House Avalon’s second in-command, only below baldy himself. In fact, he was the one who had the highest chance of reaching Violet, on track to do so in about a century.

“Don’t you think you’ve been wasting too much of father’s time, boy?” Galahad asked, his nose wrinkling in disgust.

Percy grimaced but didn’t reply. Instead, he turned to his grandpa.

“I was hoping to speak to you alone. It’s urgent.”

“Don’t ignore me, you brat!” his uncle snapped. “You should be grateful we’ve wasted so many elixirs on you already! I still don’t get what your grade has to do with passing your affinity!”

He looked about to keep going, but baldy raised his hand.

“That’s enough, Galahad. I don’t need you to manage my schedule for me, or to tell me which of my grandkids to spend time with.” Archibald’s tone was calm but firm.

Galahad raised an eyebrow. He probably hadn’t expected his father would reprimand him in front of the likes of Percy. He only spared the young man a cold glance as he walked out of the office, though Percy didn’t miss his uncle’s clenched fists, drained of colour.

‘I’d almost forgotten what an asshole he was.’

Between his injuries, his training and his ventures into the forest, Percy hadn’t run into his relatives as much over the past year. His amiable relationship with Elaine and Archibald had shifted his overall perspective on his family, but the truth was most of them still looked down on Red-borns like him. That much hadn’t changed.

“What is it?” baldy asked, snapping him out of his thoughts.

“Right!” Percy exclaimed before approaching the desk. He covered his mouth before whispering, “Micky has advanced.”

Archibald’s eyes widened.

“Already? This is even faster than I expected…”

“What do we do? I can’t exactly bring him here.”

His grandpa sank back into his chair, remaining silent for a few minutes.

Eventually, he spoke.

“We’re heading back to the forest. It’s a temporary solution but I’ll stay there with you for a week until we come up with something more permanent.”

***

A grimace marred Percy’s face.

By the time he met baldy he’d already been up for nearly thirty hours, having spent all night hunting with Micky. Staying awake as his grandpa arranged for his impromptu absence had been pure torture, and the young man wasn’t happy travelling to the woods again. Still, this had to be done if he was to keep his secrets.

He doubted anybody in his family was a spy or traitor, but there were hundreds of people in the Avalon House. If a few more learned of his second core or Micky, it wouldn’t be long before that number doubled, and then quadrupled, until the entire mansion knew. And then, it would only take a mistake for the rest of Remior to find out too.

In fact, those two secrets were still relatively benign. Anything pertaining to the Dance, on the other hand, was far more dangerous. Even in its incomplete state, it could instantly raise the strength of an entire House by half a step, placing them right behind the Great Houses. As much as it would benefit his family if they all learned it, a single mishap could easily invite disaster.

‘Just like what happened to Micky’s people…’

Consequently, baldy had strongly emphasized to him and Elaine the importance of keeping everything under wraps. As much as it sucked to be looked down on by people like Galahad, knowing he could change everyone’s view of him with a few words, Percy understood what a thin line he was treading.

“Percy… I’m sorry you have to take all this shit from everyone.” baldy said as he walked alongside him, a dozen of his clones marching silently right behind them. “Truth be told, you’ve already done more for our family than almost anyone else…”

The young man waved the apology away.

“We knew it would be like this since the beginning.”

Archibald nodded.

“So, what do you plan to do now?”

Percy pondered over his grandpa’s words carefully before replying.

“I’ll head out. I need to find a good place for Micky to hunt, to avoid stunting his growth. I also need to get my soul repaired as soon as possible to resume sending clones. Though, I suppose those go hand in hand.”

Baldy didn’t seem surprised, having probably expected that answer.

“Any idea where specifically?”

The young man didn’t reply for a while. This was the part he hadn’t figured out yet.

“I’m not sure. Maybe I should take lots of missions like Elaine and only come back once every few weeks to restock on elixirs.”

Baldy’s face fell.

“I’ve been meaning to talk to you about the elixirs, actually. As you know, our family is fully transparent with who gets them and who doesn’t. This policy has served us well for centuries, as it bolsters trust.”

Percy nodded, but he didn’t like where baldy was going with this.

“Normally, it doesn’t really matter, as the rules are fairly simple: Orange-borns and Yellow-borns get them. Red-borns don’t.” Archibald continued.

“Until me.” Percy realized.

“Yes. So far, I’ve used the excuse of your soul clones being a promising thing for the family to justify giving you elixirs, but nobody knows the details. They have no idea how useful your clones are. Neither do they have a clue why I’ve been spending so much time with you. Galahad’s outburst from earlier is actually a common sentiment among the family’s management.”

The young man frowned. Indeed, between the weeks baldy had spent filling his second core up, the several months of training together for the Circulation spell, and all their other interactions, they had really spent a lot of time together. Even now, his grandpa was going to be with him the whole week. This should all seem suspicious to the rest of their family.

“Surely, they understand there must be a reason for it, right? Even if they don’t know what.”

Baldy shook his head.

“What reason could there be? Nobody could possibly imagine what your ability does. Sending your soul to other worlds?! Most of them believe I’ve grown too attached to you for purely sentimental reasons. They think I’m just finding excuses to spoil you rotten.”

Percy’s jaw slackened upon listening to his grandpa. He was glad his relationship with baldy had improved, but he didn’t know their actions had given rise to such a wave of discontent among his relatives.

“So, what does this mean?”

Baldy sighed.

“I can continue supplying you with a single set of elixirs. They won’t like it, but it’s within the limits of what I can justify based on your bloodline’s importance. However, a second one is currently out of the question.”

“What?! But I’ll need it when my soul is repaired!”

He hadn’t started cleansing both cores yet, as he’d created that clone soon after repairing his second core. Since then, his injuries had prevented him from maintaining the necessary mana, despite Micky’s help. But he was very much looking forward to changing this soon.

“Is there no other way?”

Baldy’s next words gave him hope, however.

“I can only think of two possible solutions.”

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Also, one more announcement. Today I'm launching a Patreon where you can read 40 chapters ahead! (1 chapter ahead for free)

Chapter 32 – Two solutions

A note from PathOfPen

Newly Broke Heroine!

Fighting monsters, getting loot, buying cozy clothes? All Fiona needed was her friends, fun times, and hobbies!

Fiona Swiftheart was the hero of Fiefdala. She banished the evil dragon lord to the swampy wastelands, and returned to the capital of the kingdom she saved--and then got taxed for the loot she took from the oversized lizard?!

Too bad that no one told her the King went on a long-term vacation, before she got back. He put his scummy son on the throne, who decided cuteness and heroics weren't cool!

Faced with either jail or paying up, Fiona traded in huge swords, armor, and the adventuring life to don a business suit and opened a merchant store, to try to sell off stuff that no one could possibly afford to buy! Except when she got her merchant license, she signed up for more than she bargained for!

At least her business degree from her previous life won’t be wasted. Join Fiona as she pursues a smaller life, builds hobbies, and makes friends who aren't dead set on fighting the next great villain at the drop of a hat!

And pays taxes. She hates taxes. More than lawyers or lawmen.

The young man looked at his grandpa expectantly, prompting him to speak.

“The first option is to spill the beans on some of your secrets. Naturally, not Circulation. That one could destroy our House if it leaks. But if we let the others know about your second core and Micky, they will understand.”

“Do you think it’s a good idea?” Percy asked.

“Not really, no.” baldy said before elaborating. “I advise you not to do this. Even though others can’t immediately benefit from your second core, it will still make our family a target. However, these are ultimately your secrets. If you want to go through with it, I won’t stop you. It wouldn’t be fair to hinder your growth like that.”

Percy nodded. He didn’t much like the idea of bringing trouble to his House either, but he’d consider it if it was the only way.

“What about the second option?”

“This one actually circles back to our earlier discussion.”

The young man perked up.

“I can think of a place where you’ll find plenty of beasts for Micky to eat. At the same time, you can earn as many elixirs as you need. But I must warn you that it’s neither guaranteed, nor easy.”

“Where?”

“The Alchemists’ Guild.”

Percy frowned.

“Isn’t that where they make the elixirs? You want me to become an alchemist?”

“Yes. That place works with a system based on contribution points. You earn them by performing various tasks and you can spend them on elixirs, ingredients or alchemy lessons.”

The young man creased his brow, considering his grandpa’s words. Becoming an alchemist wasn’t something he’d ever imagined doing, but if baldy thought it was a good idea, he wasn’t necessarily against it.

“Do they let anyone join?”

“Not anyone. The Alchemists’ Guild is one of the most important places on all of Remior. Everyone needs the elixirs – even the Divine Order. Consequently, the Guild is completely neutral, and nobody is allowed to stir trouble there. They only accept people recommended by a noble House.”

Ok, perhaps this was an even bigger deal than Percy thought.

“Won’t the others be against it? They’re already unhappy I get elixirs. Now I’m going to be brewing them?”

Baldy shrugged.

“It’s not the same thing. It won’t really affect our family either way. We still have to buy the elixirs at full price. It’s not like there’s any discount for having a relative there. As for anything you earn on your own, that’s between you and the Guild.”

“So, is it common to send Red-borns?”

“It’s not. Not that there’s any rule against Red-borns, but your lower grade will make it difficult to get points. Also, your shorter lifespan means people will generally view it as a waste of time for you to learn the art.”

Percy would be lying if he said he wasn’t bothered. It seemed there wasn’t anywhere on Remior he could go where he wouldn’t be looked down upon.

“What about my affinities? Are they suitable for alchemy?”

“They don’t really matter. Water and fire help with some parts of the brewing process, though that’s only a minor convenience. Life mana is good for growing herbs faster, but you can just buy those.”

“That only leaves Micky then. How will I explain him?”

This was by far the most important thing. He wouldn’t leave him behind. After all, his friend was one of the main reasons why he’d even bother going in the first place.

“You won’t. The Guild is right next to where you’ll be hunting the beasts. It’s where the main ingredient for the elixirs comes from. Micky will live there by himself and you’ll join him whenever you can to hunt together. That way, you’ll help him get his meals and he’ll help you earn contribution points.”

“But is it going to be safe? What if someone attacks him?”

Baldy shook his head.

“The hunting grounds are separated into various levels. Most of the people there are at a higher grade than you. Nobody ever goes to the bottom level as the beasts there are weaker than Micky, and not worth killing. Even if somebody meets him by accident, they won’t have any reason to bother him.”

Percy didn’t immediately reply. He was still tired, and this was a big decision. He’d rather sleep on it and give his grandpa his answer later. The two met up with Micky, before continuing to the forest. However, they didn’t stop upon reaching the Whistling Woods. Instead, they kept walking for another hour.

“Ok, I think this is far enough.” baldy said.

Percy began setting camp, as Micky flew down, landing in front of Archibald. Baldy took a deep breath. Soon, the young man felt a terrifying amount of ambient mana flow towards his grandpa. It wasn’t until a few seconds later that numerous green lines lit up under the man’s skin. Their pattern looked very different from Percy’s. Rather than simple curved lines, the ones on baldy’s skin swirled and branched out, making them resemble vines.

Then, Archibald placed his hand on Micky’s head, before a suffocating torrent of green gushed out of his body, flowing down to the familiar’s abdomen. This was the main reason why baldy had arranged to spend a week with them in the forest.

Ever since he mastered Circulation, Percy’s grandpa volunteered to help the bird repair its second core. He wanted to thank Micky for giving them the technique. Plus, the increased capacity and regeneration made the process much faster than it had been the first time around.

Of course, they still had no idea where to get the mind mana. Percy couldn’t exactly bring Micky to the temple. The mist outside was much thinner too, so they’d have to lurk there for months – assuming the Order even let them. Finally, finding a friendly Violet core with a mind affinity willing to dedicate several weeks to help wasn’t realistic either.

Consequently, they hadn’t rushed, only spending a couple of hours each day whenever Percy and Micky returned home. Assuming the bird’s core needed the same amount of mana as Percy’s, they estimated they were already about two thirds done. And Archibald planned to complete the project by the end of the week.

***

Percy watched his grandpa fill up Micky’s core. They’d already been in the forest for six days, yet the process wasn’t done. He sure hoped they hadn’t miscalculated as he’d rather not have to look for a different source of life mana as well, for the final stretch.

In any case, he’d worry about that later. Right now, baldy’s words still echoed in his mind. Going to the Alchemists’ Guild would be a huge commitment. He didn’t know anything about alchemy! Maybe he’d hate it! Or he’d suck at it!

Even if he enjoyed it, who knew if he’d ever amass enough contribution points to cover his needs. His grandpa had emphasized he’d be at a massive disadvantage. Perhaps, he wouldn’t even have enough elixirs for one of his cores, putting him at a worse position than before.

Then, there was the issue with Micky. Despite baldy’s reassurances, Percy knew it would still be risky. This was Remior after all. There were plenty of unreasonable people out there, who would harm a beast for sport. Hell, it would be hypocritical of him to even criticize them. He’d killed plenty of goblins himself just to get stronger. He knew he wouldn’t care much about a random bird either if it wasn’t his reincarnated friend.

At the end of the day, everything boiled down to one simple fact. Despite the discrimination he’d faced growing up, Percy had spent his whole life under his grandpa’s protection. The closest he’d ever come to losing his life had been due to his own recklessness when creating his familiar. But this would be different. There would be no certainties. Everything would depend entirely on his own ability. And his luck.

Then, he looked at baldy. Perhaps his grandpa had been lucky enough to be born at Yellow, but he’d still made himself into the man he was today. He wasn’t dependent on others. Others depended on him.

‘I want that… To be my own person.’

The young man nodded. He finally had his answer. He was about to tell baldy, when he saw him stop pouring mana into the bird. It was done. Smiling, he opened Micky’s Status to check it one last time, before heading to the Alchemists’ Guild.

* * *

Mictlantecuhtli (Percival's familiar)

Mana cores:

[Mana core 1 – Orange – Beast]

[Mana core 2 – Seed – ???]

???:

[??? (Incomplete)] – Grants the seed of a second mana core. Requires potent mind mana to germinate.

* * *

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 33 – Trouble

A note from PathOfPen

The Call of Adventure [LitTTRpg Comedy]

When someone wishes for something hard enough sometimes they get exactly what they wished for and sometimes they get an unexpected dramatic adventure. The Call of Adventure follows Roden as he navigates a journey he is all too familiar with as he is thrust into a magical fantasy world of his own creation. He will have to work with what he knows to decipher the mystery of his appearance in this strange world, avoid a tragic end in a world full of dangers, and perhaps make some friends along the way.

Release Schedule Saturdays and Tuesdays around 8am CDT

Book 1 is completely written now and is being edited for future releases.

Book 2 is on the way! No gap between novels is expected!

It was a two-week journey on horseback to the Alchemists’ Guild. At least, the dirt road only passed through grasslands and barren fields, saving Percy the trouble of trekking through more forests or mountains.

Not that the trip was without dangers. Baldy had given him a month’s worth of elixirs, so that he wouldn’t fall behind on his second core’s purification. Unfortunately, the excessive amount of wealth was a double-edged sword, turning him into a juicy target for any aspiring robbers.

The young man knew bandits frequented places like this, so he found it difficult to sleep at night. His family didn’t have any justification to send escorts this time, making him easy prey for the criminals. Sure, he was the owner of a promising bloodline but, as far as his relatives were concerned, he should have stayed locked up at home like a good little Red-born – not risk his life on needless adventures.

His only consolation was that he wasn’t completely alone. Micky flew nearby, a couple miles away, ready to help if something happened. Of course, that came with its own set of challenges as Percy didn’t want to be seen too close to the bird, to avoid drawing suspicions.

‘Just five more days of this. Nothing bad will happen.’

The good news was that they had already travelled nearly two thirds of the trip without getting into trouble. Perhaps he shouldn’t have been so quick to jinx it though…

***

‘Shit, I think they’re following me.’

Four men rode just a couple hundred meters behind him. Normally, it wouldn’t have necessarily meant much, as this was a popular road. Maybe they were regular travellers or merchants heading the same route. However, their movements were rather suspicious.

Thanks to Micky, Percy had noticed them before they saw him. At the time they had been riding much faster, but they slowed down as soon as he came into view, staying a fixed distance behind him ever since. They were still too far for him to examine their grades via Mana Sense, but it was easier for his familiar to pass over them and sneak a couple of glances before flying away.

‘Three Orange cores, one Yellow.’

Percy frowned. The only thing in his arsenal capable of harming a Yellow was his Parting Gift. Even though his first core was at Orange, his soul affinity was disproportionately geared towards offense. It was invisible, making it difficult to spot without Mana Sense. Fast too, making it hard to dodge if it caught them by surprise. It also phased through objects, making it nearly impossible to block. And lethal. Very lethal. If the stars aligned, he could definitely kill a Yellow with it, as Mixcoatl had learned the hard way.

‘But that’s a big if…’

His soul magic downright sucked defensively, as he couldn’t block incoming attacks either. It would be just as easy for his opponents to injure him, if not even more so. Plus, he couldn’t gather soul mana right now, unless Micky ate something first.

Then, there was the rest of his magic. Circulation barely made up for his pure affinity, but his second core was still Red. If it wasn’t for his higher physical strength, he wouldn’t be confident holding his own even against an Orange core. As for Micky… he might be able to keep one of them busy… at most.

He shook his head.

‘We can’t confront them directly.’

His only option was to run, and hope his horse was both faster and less tired than theirs. He looked at the pouch strapped to his waist, hearing the gem bottles clinking with each bump. Archibald wasn’t naïve. He obviously understood the perils of the trip. Right before Percy set off, he told him to ditch the elixirs and bolt if he got into a situation like this. The bandits only wanted his money. They didn’t give a damn about his life. Losing the bottles would sting, but they weren’t worth dying over.

Percy smiled bitterly. Leaving the pouch behind was the most logical course of action. He could always earn more elixirs later. But he was unwilling. This whole trip was a gamble. They didn’t even know if he could make it in the Guild. It was all a desperate attempt to earn enough elixirs for both of his cores. Was he really supposed to give up twenty doses before he even got there?

‘Screw that. I’m not going to run from a bunch of lowlifes.’

Having made up his mind, he slowed down his horse.

‘Micky. Whatever happens, stay away unless I say otherwise.’ he spoke through the connection.

When the bandits reached him, they seemed quite surprised. They quickly hid their confusion though, replacing it with amiable-looking smiles as their leader approached him. He was probably going to pretend he was just a harmless traveller or something, but Percy wasn’t interested in the charade. Before the criminal even spoke, the young man tossed over the pouch, eliciting a strange look from the former. Still, the bandit opened it, his eyes widening as his expression morphed into one of greed.

“I’ve got something even more valuable than those, if you leave me alive.” Percy said.

“Hahaha!” the bandit laughed. “Kid, you seem to really understand what’s good for you. Most people waste our time running away just to get killed a couple hours later.”

Percy shrugged.

“So, are you interested in hearing me out?”

The leader only chuckled, gesturing at him to speak. Receiving the affirmation, Percy slowly lifted his shirt, revealing a strange bandage wrapped tightly around his stomach. Multiple runes were engraved on the fabric.

“What’s that?”

“My family has developed a technique that lets us grow a second core. I keep it hidden for obvious reasons.”

The bandit gave him an odd look, probably thinking he was a lunatic, but didn’t stop him, watching him unwrap the bandage.

“Just use your Mana Sense, and you’ll know I’m telling the truth.”

A few seconds later, the criminal stared at him with his mouth agape. The others had also approached at some point, now flashing each other incredulous looks.

“And anybody can learn this?”

Percy nodded.

“There are a few steps, but as long as you have somebody guiding you, you’ll all have a second core in a couple of months.”

Internally, he smirked. The first part of the plan had gone smoothly. He could already see the bandits salivating with greed. He wouldn’t have to worry about them killing him anytime soon. Now, he just had to make sure none of them lived long enough to speak of his secrets…

***

Three more days passed as Percy travelled with the group. At first, they’d been suspicious of him, thinking he was up to something. He didn’t exactly blame them either – because it was true. He seriously doubted they’d ever run into another target half as cooperative as he was. The leader had repeatedly questioned the validity of his words, warning him not-so-subtly things wouldn’t end well for him if he tried anything funny.

But they did appear to relax around him over time. He was sure part of it was because he made no attempt to escape. Not even when they pretended to give him an opening. Another part was due to his demonstration of Circulation. The bizarre technique was impressive enough on its own, as Percy showed them how it increased his strength sharply. Then he went into detail, explaining how it worked and how they could learn it, even guiding them into clearing their mana channels. In fact, he’d been truthful too, instructing them in earnest.

‘Well… for the most part…’

The only lie he’d added was that Circulation would grant them a second core once mastered. Revealing two of his secrets like that had been a risk, but a necessary one. His second core was the bait he’d needed to entice them on the first day so they wouldn’t kill him on the spot. As for Circulation, it was to convince them to keep him alive, as it was too complicated to learn without guidance.

But there were a couple more hidden objectives he’d achieved. By explaining how he used the bandage to hide his second core, he’d diverted their attention from anything else he might do with it. Furthermore, by showing them his pure affinity coupled with Circulation, he’d impressed them with its potential, while also making himself appear weaker than he was. Right now, they probably believed his first core lacked an affinity too.

And the time to act was swiftly approaching, as one of the bandits left the group to pee behind a hill. Knowing this was probably the best chance he was going to get, Percy subtly wrapped the bandage around his right hand a couple of times.

This was it!

He took a deep breath, before speaking through the connection.

‘Now, Micky!’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 34 – Unexpected boon

A note from PathOfPen

Re: Jager [Demon Hunting Isekai/LitRPG]

Duty and responsibility.

No matter how deep he is in the pit. No matter how much fate boxed him in the worst positions imaginable, the Falcon Ace always held those words to heart. Even if he is nothing more than an overqualified penal mech pilot. Even when he dies in the field of battleâ€”reborn in a new world with his machine of war.

And especially now that he is armed with the cycle of truth, giving him the ability to defy death itself.

And with this new world demanding a new mission from the Falcon Ace: to hunt every demon and stave off the apocalypseâ€”Lieutenant Hans Hoffman shall execute this mission at all costs, even if he would die again and again in the process.

For that is his duty and responsibility.

+++

What to expect?

- A veteran ace pilot killing powerful demons.

- Epic tactical fights: Unarmored high mobility spider tank vs high fantasy monsters and demons.

- System-based upgrades and skills.

- Intelligent MC who plans and prepares every time a loop fails.

- A time looper story.

The crow glided soundlessly just a meter above the grass as it approached its prey. Micky’s black feathers turned him nigh invisible against the dark blanket of the night. Soon, a man enlarged in their shared vision. He was looking the other way, performing his business without a care in the world. They could already hear the soft stream pitter-pattering against the stone.

Percy held his breath. If the ambush failed, his life would be forfeit!

With one powerful flap of his wings, Micky shot through the last 15 or so feet, landing on the man’s head. The poor bandit barely managed to turn around, before a talon clamped his mouth shut, as the other clawed his throat out.

The young man exhaled the turbid air in his lungs as subtly as he could manage, trying not to alert the others.

‘So far, so good.’

Then, Percy inhaled deeply again, directing the pure mana towards his abdomen, before pumping it through his channels. As for the soul mana, he gathered it in his sternum, fighting against his soul’s pull.

He walked towards the leader – Rick, if his memory served him. Assassinating the Yellow core was just as important as the previous ambush, if not doubly so.

Accumulating soul mana was difficult at first, but a new stream gushed through the ethereal cord, helping him amass it more easily.

‘This is a lot more than expected…’

The largest things Micky had eaten in the past were the wood goblins. Being semi-sentient creatures, their souls were a lot more developed than the rats and snakes they had hunted before. Still, they couldn’t possibly compare with a human at Orange. Percy didn’t keep the mana in his core for very long though, swiftly drawing it into his fist instead. There, he willed it to condense under the cover of the bandage.

“What’s wrong?” Rick asked.

Percy stopped a few meters away.

“I was thinking… Are you guys going to let me go once I’ve taught you everything? Surely, you won’t need anything else from me at that point, right?”

Hearing him, the bandit gave him the most amiable smile in the world, almost like an older brother reassuring his sibling that everything would be ok.

“Of course! You’ve been a huge help, kid! Just keep cooperating and we might even let you join our gang!”

Rick’s casual acting sent a chill down Percy’s spine. He was fairly certain they wouldn’t let him go. It would be much safer to kill him than leave behind a trail for his family to latch on.

Then, the young man grinned back.

‘But I suppose I have no intention of letting you scumbags go either… So, I guess we’re even.’

Percy had already gathered enough soul mana, though Rick couldn’t see it. Even if he activated Mana Sense, the bandage would take care of it. Next, the young man willed it to harden and take the shape of his insidious weapon, before sending another message to his familiar.

‘Draw their attention!’

A shadow shot up from behind the hill, the heads of the remaining bandits all snapping in that direction. Percy didn’t care about that, however, as he bolted towards Rick, flicking his hand towards the man’s torso. Noticing him at the last moment, the bandit leader pulled up a thick sheet of stone with a wave of his finger.

But it wouldn’t help him.

Diverting a trickle of soul mana to his eyes, the young man watched the silver dagger phase through the rocky barrier unobstructed, piercing a hole through the man’s soul as if it was a sheet of paper. The wound continued to widen even after the projectile popped out the other side. By the time Rick fell to his knees, his soul already sported a hole wider than a fist, his head making a sickening thud as he collapsed forward onto his own wall.

The remaining two bandits took a few moments to catch on to what was happening. By then, the cyan lines had already lit up underneath Percy’s skin, as the young man held the Quarterstaff in one hand, a smaller version of the Parting Gift already forming in the other.

He rushed towards one of the bandits. The other was about to help his buddy when Micky dove down, trying to gouge out his eyeballs. While he failed to do so – the bandit having managed to roll to one side at the last moment – the familiar had successfully prevented him from reinforcing Percy’s opponent.

The young man on the other hand was having some trouble at first. His footwork did allow him to dodge most of the fireballs, but the few he was forced to parry made his weapon bend and crack, as the dispersed heat scorched his skin, making him wince.

At least, this was the case for a few moments, until his second weapon took shape. Ignoring the sweat and the blisters, he dashed towards the bandit, weaving between the incoming spells, closing the distance.

A well-timed throw later, the third man was on the ground, his eyes glazed over like the two before him.

Micky wasn’t having an easy time pinning down the last one. The criminal’s air affinity was a bad match for the bird, preventing it from reaching him.

Still, the tables swiftly turned once Percy joined the fight, the duo eliminating the final opponent not long after.

The young man plopped down on the bloodied dirt, breathing heavily. This had been his toughest fight yet. The first real one too. But he’d done it! He’d defeated a Yellow core by himself and even took his henchmen out with him!

‘And all of that without dying in the process…’

KRA! KRA!

Percy winced as his familiar pecked his shoulder in protest.

“Ok, ok. We did it together.” he smiled. “Now go eat Rick’s soul and core before they dissipate.”

CAW!

Micky wasn’t entirely placated, but heeded the instruction, clearly thrilled at the prospect of such a gourmet meal. The young man rested on his back, a flood of mana soon filling his body. Shocked as the pressure intensified, he activated Mana Sense, only to be blinded by the bright Yellow colour filling his frame. Unable to discern anything, he switched to Soul Vision, but the intense silver glow wasn’t much easier to peer through.

‘I guess this must be how Micky felt before learning to get rid of the excess mana.’

It was a lot to absorb at once, but Percy didn’t ask his friend to stop eating. He knew such an opportunity was hard to come by. Rick’s digested soul was by far the richest, most abundant source of soul mana they would come across anytime soon. It was a potent tonic, greatly accelerating his soul’s recovery.

Squinting, he just about managed to see his gruesome injuries closing in real time. The sight almost reminded him of the time his grandpa healed his physical wounds in mere moments.

Micky stopped producing soul mana about ten minutes later, but fully processing it took them a couple hours longer. By then, only the crater in Percy’s chest remained, and even that had shrunk to the size of an apple.

‘Wow, maybe I should thank Rick for targeting me.’

Percy estimated he’d only need one more fight like this to fully recover. Of course, he had no intention of chasing more bandits or provoking other Yellow cores, but even the Orange beasts they would be hunting at their destination should do the trick in a few more weeks. In fact, he figured he could probably refill his core without Micky’s help right now.

CAW!

‘You’re right. Better keep moving.’

The young man was spent, so resting for a few hours before resuming his journey didn’t sound too bad. Sadly, the longer he remained here, the greater his odds of running into more trouble were. Getting to the Guild as soon as possible was probably the wisest choice.

Luckily, the bandits had travelled in the same direction, so he hadn’t lost much time. Calculating the distance, Percy estimated he should be within a day of his destination. Standing up, he quickly scanned the corpses for anything valuable.

‘Nothing…’

The poor bastards were broke. Retrieving his elixirs, he climbed onto his horse. Only one dose was missing from the pouch. Naturally, it would have been too wasteful for them to use the elixirs in their concentrated state. Percy’s entire stash would have barely lasted them a week. Their next promotion had probably been decades away, so the elixirs wouldn’t have made a dent like that. Instead, they had planned to dilute them all, making each dose last the group for nearly a month, the entire stash well over a year.

‘And just for that one tiny bottle, they paid with their lives…’

He sighed. This was the true Remior, away from his House’s walls. A jungle, where the lowborns like him had to place their lives on the line every single day for a small chance to survive.

‘But I will… No matter what.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 35 – Scorpions

A note from PathOfPen

Shades of Perception [Progression Fantasy]

When reality breaks, sometimes you need a scientist to put it back together.

Vern thought he understood the universe. Then Objectivity shattered, and with it, every law the world held dear.

Now, this ordinary scientist—overlooked by time itself, must become something more. Armed with his analytical mind, a dangerous rune of an Old God etched in his psyche, and a unique perspective of Balance, Vern plunges into the abyss of Observation.

But as he delves deeper into the gothic streets of Elmhurst, he uncovers terrifying truths—horrors beyond human comprehension stalking the city, ancient societies vying for control over existence itself, cults preaching for old gods, and things better left unsaid. Each revelation tests the limits of his sanity, and to survive, Vern must ascend, pushing the boundaries of what it means to be human.

For in a universe that doesn't care, perhaps godhood is the only answer.

* * *

- Heavily inspired by Lord of The Mysteries, Bloodborne.

- Minor Inspirations from Death Note, Psycho-Pass, Code Geass, Attack on Titan.

Link to: Character Art Gallery, Discord

What to expect:

- Completely original 'magic' that can be hard (scientific) or soft (mystical), depending on the user.

- Reverse Engineering of magic system and its concepts.

- Competence Porn (Most characters of importance won't be stupid).

- Somewhat of a slow-burn, but rewarding (mind-bending) progression and character/world-building.

- Victorian Era, Steampunk, Lovecraft themes (subtle).

- Short sections of POV swaps in early chapters, but 95% of story is written in MC's pov.

* * *

Shades of Perception releases 3 times a week. (M, W, F around 11 EST)

The azure flash sliced through the thick carapace as if it was butter. It might as well have been, against the spell of a Green. Elaine swung her arms a few more times, three whips lashing out with each move, dicing the rest of the creatures into pieces.

“Careful not to damage their stingers or their venom glands. It’s what we’re here for.” Enid said.

The blonde girl was having a bit more trouble at Yellow, but her earth magic kept the enemies at bay at least.

“You don’t have to worry about her, Enid. Princess knows what she’s doing.” Aleyn said.

Having inherited the bloodline, the boy’s life affinity didn’t help him much in a direct confrontation. Still, he reduced the pressure on his cousins by distracting the beasts with his clones.

“All I’m saying is, each scorpion is worth four silver. It would be a waste to lose some.”

“Alright, stop bickering. I think we managed to preserve most of them.” Elaine said.

She wiped the sweat off her brow as the last of the creatures fell limp on the sand. Next, she walked to one of the more intact carcasses and sat against it. Drawing the last drops of mana from her core, she manifested a mouthful of water to quench her thirst. The worst thing about the desert was the suffocating heat. To add insult to injury, it wasn’t particularly suited to her affinity either. Refilling her reserves took twice as long here.

Still, she took deep breaths to recover as much as she could while resting. Enid soon joined her, also in need of a break. It wasn’t like they hadn’t considered helping Aleyn harvest the loot, but the boy had volunteered to delegate the menial task to his clones. Instead, she summoned her Status.

* * *

Elaine Avalon

Mana core:

[Mana core – Green – Water]

Spells:

[Whip – Crude]

* * *

She sighed. Her Status irked her every time she looked at it. Her first and only Crude spell had registered several years ago, yet the upgrade still eluded her.

‘Reaching White my ass.’ she smiled bitterly.

She’d resolved to obtain a Refined spell even before Percy’s return from Huehue, yet here she was, with nothing more than a single Crude one over a year later. Not just that, but her cousin had achieved what she failed to, while still being at Orange! And he had three other spells too! Yet, despite being two full grades above him, Elaine couldn’t even manage it with Percy holding her hand, walking her through the process! Strengthening her body and tempering her mana channels had been fine, but she just couldn’t figure out the correct pattern for her affinity.

‘Such an embarrassment.’

The only thing she could do was to resume taking mission after mission, focusing on her Whip instead. At least, she could now summon a whopping six constructs at once. Sadly, sheer quantity didn’t a Refined spell make...

“Alright, that’s all of them.” Aleyn said, breaking her out of her thoughts.

Four men stood behind him, each with a face identical to his own, save for their soulless gazes. They didn’t utter a word of complaint, despite the heavy-looking sacks they were holding over their shoulders, filled to the brim with grimy scorpion parts. One even had a stinger sticking out of the bag, passing just inches from the clone’s cheek, but he didn’t seem bothered in the slightest.

“Finally!” Enid jumped to her feet excitedly. “I can’t wait to take a bath and sleep on a proper bed!”

She looked at Elaine expectantly, silently urging her to get a move on. Faced with her cousin’s eagerness, the latter acquiesced, pushing herself up as the corner of her lips curved upwards. Aleyn and Enid were both Orange-borns, but they didn’t waste their time wallowing in self-pity. What right did she have to be unhappy?

The trio was about to head out, when a sudden burst of sand blinded them. Elaine opened her eyes just a second later, only to be greeted by a gruesome sight. Three figures were lying on the ground, pinned down by long stingers. Each was twice as thick and thrice as long as those of the regular scorpions, making them resemble lances more than monster parts. They were a deep purple colour, dripping with droplets a shade paler.

SSSSSS

Every time the liquid landed on the victims’ skin, it sizzled, releasing smoke that carried a putrid smell with it. The appalling scene made Elaine tremble in abject terror for a moment.

Luckily, she soon regained her wit. Those three weren’t her real cousins. Just clones. Aleyn and Enid were both ok, lying a few meters away, fortunate enough the abomination hadn’t targeted them.

“Get up! Fast!” she yelled, already stirring the mana in her sternum.

She’d only managed to recover about a third, but it would have to do. Her cousins heard her, scrambling to stand. Sadly, they weren’t fast enough.

A second mound of sand exploded just under where Aleyn was, a deafening sound ringing in their ears.

As soon as the cloud settled somewhat, Elaine saw a colossal pincer pointing towards the sky, chunks of wet gore hanging off its serrated edges. Its base was drenched in a crimson pool which kept deepening as the blood gushed out of the two halves of her cousin’s lifeless body.

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHH!!!”

Enid’s scream was the only thing that stopped Elaine from throwing up on the spot. Prying her eyes off Aleyn’s corpse, she turned towards her last surviving teammate. A second pincer had pierced through the sand at some point, but luckily it had missed. Although shaken, Enid was still in one piece.

Elaine dashed, ignoring the protests of her tired legs, picking her cousin off the ground as she kept running, trying to put distance from the monster. She felt the sand shake as a tremor coursed through her surroundings.

Resisting the urge to look back, she activated her Mana Sense instead. A bright Green star thrummed in the beast’s frame, as multiple streams of the same colour flowed through its visage. It was using its pincers to pull itself up, its body already halfway above the surface. This scorpion was the size of an elephant, with three long tails flailing above it.

Being the same grade as the creature, Elaine knew she should be able to defeat it normally. But not with so little mana and not while keeping Enid safe. Right now, her best course of action was to flee.

Unfortunately, the beast wasn’t quite ready to let them go, however. As soon as it was done unlodging itself from the makeshift tunnel, its three pairs of legs began stabbing and pushing against the sand, the scorpion’s heavy frame accelerating towards them. Like a battering ram, the abomination crashed through the dunes, barely slowing down.

‘It’s catching up.’

Elaine grimaced. There was no way she could outrun the monster in its own element. Certainly not while carrying somebody. She summoned all her strength to toss her cousin as far ahead as she could manage. Perhaps the fall might have injured a regular human, but the girl was at Yellow, so she just rolled harmlessly on the soft sand.

Not that she would survive long if Elaine failed to kill the beast. Hopefully, this would keep her out of the fight though. Turning around, Elaine took another deep breath, briefly entertaining the thought of breaking through the last barrier and mastering Circulation right then and there.

Then, she chuckled bitterly.

‘Not a chance.’

Even if she could miraculously come up with the burst of inspiration she needed, the arid desert air made this the worst possible place to circulate water mana. No. She’d have to make do with the only spell she had. Her measly reserves wouldn’t last for a prolonged fight either.

‘I guess I’ll have to kill it in one shot.’

The scorpion approached rapidly. Its massive body was only a dozen meters away when a wave of calm took over her, a strange thought passing through her mind.

‘Is this what Percy feels like every time he gets in a fight?’

Elaine had completed countless missions, but she couldn’t remember coming this close to dying before. Most of the time, her Green core was enough to make quick work of the Orange and Yellow beasts she hunted. Even the few Green ones she’d faced had been under better circumstances. Was this how it felt to put her life on the line?

She shook her head. This wasn’t the time for silly thoughts. Drawing all the mana from her core and summoning all the strength in her muscles, she spun her body towards the beast to build up as much momentum as she could manage. She figured every little bit might make the difference. Three whips formed in each hand, but she didn’t stop there. She willed them to turn even firmer, even sharper than before, as a fourth one began to manifest. By the time the shadow of the scorpion loomed over her, she could hardly even see it. It was all a blur, the spinning blades of azure dominating her sight, as they whistled shrilly, slicing through the air.

The impact she did feel, however. The whips bent, a couple of them even snapping as a mountain collided with them. Having absorbed most of the weight, her constructs saved her from being squashed into paste, but the wind was still knocked out of her lungs, waves of pain rippling through her body. Her joints buckled, her bones creaked, and she could feel her soles burn as she and the monster both slid through the scorching sand.

But she didn’t stop spinning. She kept focusing on her whips – her only way out – as she commanded them to reform, to sharpen even more, to carve out anything in their path.

SHRIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII…

The grating sound intensified as she picked up speed. The mana was dwindling at a frightening rate, the whips thinning into mere threads… but they still felt stronger than before, somehow.

Elaine didn’t stop. She couldn’t stop. A moment’s hesitation would mean her death. Enid’s too. She kept spinning in place, her world consumed into a whirlwind of azure, as all other senses vanished.

[Congratulations! Your spell has evolved: Whip – Crude -> Kraken’s Gambit – Refined!]

It wasn’t until a long time later she realized she was no longer sliding through the sand. The grating screech had stopped too. There was nothing pushing against her. But she didn’t let go of the mana right away. She didn’t want to risk it.

“…Elaine!”

At some point, she scarcely registered a voice. Enid’s.

“It’s over! It’s dead!” her cousin added after a moment.

Only then did she allow the spell to fizzle out, plopping down weakly.

Yet, it wasn’t the dry mound of sand she was expecting. Her everything still spun, though she scarcely registered a greenish chunk of wet chitin in front of her eyes. She tried shifting around. All her muscles hurt. She felt more of the goo around her with every movement. She was practically swimming in the stuff.

“I’ll need some help getting home…”

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 36 – Fungal Spire

A note from PathOfPen

Aspect of Survival [Progression, Isekai]

Humanity will need every warrior it can find to have any chance of surviving.

Reality was shattered into pixels and lies as John discovered his entire life had been a meticulously crafted simulation.

Awakened in a cold, unfamiliar world, he finds himself thrust into a desperate war against inhuman monsters, on the losing side.

But by using his incredible combat instinct developed over years as a duelist and champion, John aims to make a difference.

He has much to fight for, after all.

* * *

What to expect:

- Long-term progression-focused story.

- Romance, no harem.

- Growing power system.

- Mysteries that stay hidden for long stretches of time.

- A mix of action, progression and character focus.

- Unique enchantments and powers.

Main inspiration is Shadow Slave, though they are quite different.

The release schedule will be Monday to Friday, 5 days a week!

Technically, baldy HAD explained what they would find at their destination. Perhaps, Percy shouldn’t have been so taken aback by the sight before him. Yet here he was, blinking repeatedly, struggling to believe his eyes. Maybe they were playing tricks on him, tired as they were from the long journey.

‘CAW! CAW!’

‘Yeah, I didn’t realize it was going to be this big either.’

The Alchemists’ Guild was situated next to an extraordinary structure resembling a conical tree. An impossibly tall one too, its tip lost above the clouds. It was adorned from top to bottom with bright lights of all colours, making it appear man-made, seemingly erected for some grand festival.

Yet, this assessment couldn’t be further from the truth. To start with, this was no plant at all. Strictly speaking, it was a mountain. Its ‘trunk’ was really a narrow column of rock, several miles long, thrusting towards the sky like a giant’s spear. There was nothing artificial about it either. Countless huge mushrooms grew all over the steep slope, their stems bending upwards. As a result, their caps faced the stars, forming platforms hundreds of meters wide. These titanic protrusions constantly released mana of all types, giving the place its varied glow.

‘So, this is the Fungal Spire...’

According to his grandpa, it was among the greatest natural treasures on Remior. Also, one of the main reasons other races targeted them. Multiple underground rivers of mana converged beneath it, allowing the monstrous fungi to flourish. This, in turn, had given rise to a truly bizarre ecosystem where the main ingredient for the elixirs could be found. The Guild, where Percy would be living, was built at its base, while the hunting grounds, where he and Micky would spend most of their time, were the giant mushrooms themselves.

‘CAW!’

Reminded by his familiar’s cry, the young man gently tapped the horse’s side with his heel, urging it to gallop faster. There would be plenty of time for sightseeing later. He shouldn’t delay and risk getting attacked again.

***

His relief was palpable as the Guild’s entrance came into view. At last, he was safe!

‘The lack of a queue is a welcome bonus too.’

Not that this wasn’t a popular destination. Quite the opposite, in fact. Aspiring alchemists and merchants travelled to the Guild all year round. Still, it couldn’t compare with the traffic to the Order’s temples, where a third of Remior’s children were brought to take the test. Certainly not this late at night.

‘Everything ok on your end?’

Percy had bid his familiar farewell a few minutes ago. The bird couldn’t follow him into the Guild proper, so the plan was for Micky to circle around and find a place to stay on the other side of the trunk. Apparently, the base of the Spire was designated as the bottom level of the hunting grounds, mostly populated by Red beasts.

There, the bird could fly around unobstructed, with nothing daring to approach. Of course, the Guild had numerous squads patrolling the perimeter of the structure, to prevent intruders from entering without authorization. That said, they wouldn’t care much about a lone beast passing through the bottom level.

‘CAW!’

After receiving confirmation from his friend that he was alright, Percy walked up to the guards. The two men wore green robes – the same colour as their cores. The clothes were neat, but not nearly as over-the-top as the funny-looking togas and sandals of the guards at the temple. They were half-asleep – one even startled by his appearance – probably not expecting any visitors past midnight.

Still, they were professionals. Without complaint, they requested his official documents backing his purpose at the Guild. Percy took out his grandpa’s letter, which one of the guards skimmed through rather quickly, before handing him a wooden badge.

“This is only for guests. You’ll have to register properly inside the third building to your left. But it’s not open at this time. For now, keep going until you reach the building with the blue door and then head right until you get to the inn. You can stay the night there for free. The stables are next door.”

Percy nodded, walking inside, his horse in tow. As soon as he entered the settlement, his eyes widened. Motes of light danced in the wind, like colourful snowflakes painting everything in joy and wonder. He’d seen some outside too, but they were much denser here. Probably thanks to some large-scale enchantment keeping them within the Guild’s perimeter. The tiny orbs faded into nothingness every time they touched an object – a red one startling him as it landed on his nose.

‘They must all be coming from the mushrooms.’

Instinctively, he tilted his head up, gawking at the blinding sea of colours slowly descending from the sky. Even more numerous than stars, they shifted and mixed, forming ever-changing patterns of raw magic. A question suddenly popped up in his head.

‘Can I absorb them?’

He took a deep breath, letting the motes spiral into his lungs as he directed the mana to his two cores. His regeneration was slightly faster than outside – maybe by 20% or so – but that was about it. It would make fighting atop the giant fungi slightly more convenient. That said, the difference wouldn’t be great.

Micky might be able to get some mind mana for his second core too, although it would be negligible. It couldn’t even compare with the red mist outside the Order’s temple, so it would take the familiar years to amass enough at this rate. Percy would still have to find a different source, which was one of his goals for the near future.

Then, he shook his head.

‘That’s tomorrow’s problem. Let’s get some sleep now.’

Following the guard’s instructions, he slowly made his way towards the inn, all-the-while appreciating the sights around him. The architecture was very different to what he was used to. Unlike his family’s mansion which was mostly made of wood, all the buildings here were made of stone. Not just that, but they all appeared to be in pristine condition, as if they had only been built days ago. Of course, this wasn’t the case. The Alchemists’ Guild was even older than the Avalon House. Many times so, in fact. Percy wouldn’t be surprised if these houses and shops had been here for tens of millennia already.

‘They must be enchanted with preservation runes.’

The young man didn’t miss the numerous glyphs dimly shimmering along the polished surfaces. The symbols shone a touch more brightly every time one of the colourful motes landed on them, before fading a moment later.

Soon, he found the inn. He skipped it for now, entering the stables instead. Luckily, they were open, manned by a clerk in a uniform like that of the guards, although his was yellow. There weren’t many horses inside. Not many people used them on Remior, as travelling on foot was easier once you reached Yellow.

With nine times the speed and endurance of a regular human, the only reason for a Yellow or higher to ride a horse would be if they were escorting somebody at a lower grade. Even then, they technically had the option of carrying that person themselves, although it would look awkward and downright silly. Percy chuckled, imagining Gawain giving him a piggyback ride. Or Rick stacking his three lackies on his back like sacks of rice.

“How long do you want us to keep it for you?” the clerk asked, breaking him out of his thoughts.

Percy felt some heat gather in his cheeks upon realizing he’d looked like a maniac, laughing to himself. Then, he shrugged.

“Can I sell it instead? I’m not going to be leaving anytime soon.”

It would be cheaper to buy another horse when it was time to go – if he even needed one by then. Strictly speaking, Percy had no idea how long he was going to stay. It would depend on many factors he couldn’t account for at the moment, such as his success or failure in the Guild, or whatever treasures his future clones managed to bring back to Remior. Still, he estimated he’d be here for at least a year or two.

The man nodded, slamming a red coin on the counter, prompting Percy to raise an eyebrow.

“Ha, I guess you’re new here. This coin is worth 1 contribution point. The colours follow the same pattern as grades, with orange coins worth 10, yellow 100 and so on. You’ll need them for everything you buy or sell in the Guild.”

The young man picked the coin up, examining it for a couple of moments in intrigue before tossing it in his pocket. He was about to flood the clerk with a ton of questions, but the guy beat him to it, raising a hand.

“Look, kid, I know you want to ask me more stuff, but they’ll explain everything at the orientation when you register tomorrow. For now, go get some sleep. You look like crap. No offense.”

Percy wasn’t bothered, realising the clerk was most likely right. He thanked him before leaving. Entering the inn, he showed his wooden badge to the guy there, before being led to his room for the night. It wasn’t the most luxurious place, but it was clean at least, probably enchanted for that. It sure beat Micky’s cell on Huehue. His own room back at home too – though not by a huge margin.

‘I guess this is my home now.’

Percy would be lying if he said he wasn’t worried. He knew he’d be safe inside the Guild, and he’d already checked up on his familiar six times since entering the settlement.

Still, he had no idea what tomorrow would bring. Would he thrive in this place, or sink to the bottom and be forgotten?

‘Only one way to find out, I suppose.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 37 – Registration

A note from PathOfPen

Bum Magic: A Tale of Sludge and Slime

As a homeless man, Gus has drank some strange things before -- but nothing as strange as this. After a bottle of wine puts grotesque markings on his hand and gives him the ability to harness the power of slime, he must run from the churchgoers the drink was stolen from and seek revenge on the person who gave it to him.

Progression | Action | Southern Fantasy | Comedy

As soon as the first rays of sunlight entered his room, Percy’s eyes bolted open. The young man practically leapt to his feet, eager to register as an alchemist and begin hunting right away.

He was still tired, having only barely managed to catch a couple hours of sleep. Not that he hadn’t tried to rest some more, but his anxiety and anticipation had narrowly won over his exhaustion. That said, he was at least functional right now and he didn’t want to leave his familiar alone out there a moment longer than necessary.

‘Micky, how are you doing?’

The response came delayed and strained.

‘CAW…’

With it, Percy received a close-up image of a tree’s branches – presumably where the bird had nested for the night. The young man hadn’t missed the hint of annoyance contained in his friend’s reply either. Micky should have just woken up.

Percy chuckled.

‘I’m sorry buddy. Had to make sure you were ok.’

Exiting the inn, he briefly paused to appreciate the scenery. The colourful motes looked different than before, glinting as they fluttered in the soft light, but they were just as beautiful as last night, if not more so. There was some movement in the streets too, although not as much as he expected.

‘I guess most people don’t wake up this early.’

The few he did see all wore the Guild’s uniform, with varying colours matching their grade. Most were Yellow but he did spot a couple Greens and even a Blue at some point. As for anything lower, he had yet to see one.

‘Hopefully it’s not compulsory to wear it. I’m gonna stick out like a sore thumb if I’m the only one in orange robes…’ he grimaced at the thought.

Retracing his steps from the night before, he recalled the guard’s instructions, trying to find the registration office. He did make it there eventually, albeit after having taken a couple wrong turns and being forced to ask a passerby.

‘I blame the fatigue.’

Luckily, the building was already open, sparing him the torture of waiting outside. A clerk greeted him with a smile.

“Good morning! We’ll need your guest badge, your recommendation letter and some details about yourself.” he said, passing him a piece of paper and a quill.

Percy handed him the wooden badge and his grandpa’s letter before examining the document. It was a form, meant to be filled with all sorts of personal information.

‘My name, age, family, grade at birth, current grade, affinity, bloodline, reasons for joining the Guild, prior experience with alchemy…’

It all looked standard, although he wasn’t comfortable with all the fields. Naturally, he wouldn’t reveal anything about his second core, but he had to be truthful about his first one.

“Is anything wrong?” the clerk asked after a minute.

“Well, I was just wondering… What do you need all this information for?”

The man chuckled.

“Don’t be so stressed. I know it’s a jungle out there, but you don’t have anything to worry about as long as you’re within the jurisdiction of the Guild. We need to know some basic things about the people who work here to make sure everything is in order. However, nobody will leak details of your bloodline or use any of the information you provide to harm you.”

Percy nodded, albeit reluctantly. This was in line with what baldy had explained, but it still felt weird being so open about his soul affinity and his ability. Logically, he understood nobody would piece together its function. And even if somebody wanted to hurt him, it wasn’t like they needed this information to do so. Still, he felt his stomach churn after he was done, as if he had been stripped naked in front of a stranger.

“Great! It will take about an hour to process your registration and prepare your new badge and clothes. In the meantime, please follow me.”

The clerk was already walking down a corridor by the time he finished speaking. Percy hurriedly caught up.

“About the robes… Is wearing them mandatory?” he asked with some hope in his eyes.

The man tossed him an apologetic look, probably realizing the source of his concern.

“Afraid so. Still, I assure you that your lower grade won’t affect your ability to access any of the Guild’s facilities. If you suspect anyone has refused to accommodate you just because of that, make sure to report them to the Guild’s management.”

Percy’s expression fell at the beginning of the clerk’s response, although he had to admit he did feel better by the end.

Soon, they reached an open door. It led to a small room with a few sets of desks and chairs facing a blackboard. There were two people already sitting in there, neither of them wearing the Guild’s robes.

“To save time, we explain everything to you in batches.” the clerk said. “Please wait in this room for now. Your orientation will begin once a few more people gather.”

After he left, Percy looked at the other newcomers. Both appeared around his age, although it would be misleading to make any assumptions based on that alone. Having reached adulthood, it would take them decades for any physical changes to show given their Yellow cores.

They also checked him out at first, but quickly frowned and grew disinterested upon noticing his grade. Despite what the clerk had said, people wouldn’t stop looking down on him just like that. At most, the Guild’s rules forced people to not decline him any important services, but their thoughts were still their own.

‘Ok, fine. No talking then. Let’s all wait in silence.’

And wait they did, for several more hours. Three more people were brought in by the clerk at various points, but he didn’t seem keen on beginning the orientation just yet. Percy entertained himself by peering through his familiar’s eyes, watching the bird hunt some black wasp-like creatures, stuffing its face full of Red cores.

The others in the room didn’t have that option, however.

“How much longer until we start?! I’ve been here for six hours!!” one of them yelled at the clerk the next time he showed up.

“I apologize for the delay. Usually, we do this in groups of seven. Unfortunately, it’s been a slow day today. If nobody shows up in the next hour, we’ll start anyway.”

The reactions were mixed. Some were visibly annoyed hearing they had to wait longer, while others appeared relieved to finally have a concrete timeframe. As for Percy, he was a bit more neutral on all this. He still itched to head out and begin hunting of course, but he was no longer worried about Micky. It was hard to be, after watching the bird play around all morning.

Either way, the clerk returned just a few minutes later to put them out of their misery, with the seventh person in tow. She was a girl in her late teens, her tousled dark hair barely reaching her shoulders. It matched the colour of her eyes, half-hidden behind glasses. Her frame was petite, dressed in casual clothes. Not exactly what one would expect from a noble lady. In fact, unlike the others in the room, Percy failed to recognize her House’s insignia.

‘Must be a new family.’

Either way, she was at Yellow, like everyone else besides him. He figured they were all Orange-borns too. It fit with their appearances. They didn’t look old enough to be Red-borns or young enough to be Yellow-borns. At least, the new girl didn’t look at him with ridicule like the rest. Well, technically she didn’t even spare him a glance at all – or anyone else for that matter. Ignoring all the annoyed glares aimed her way, she sat at the nearest chair, before resting her face down on the desk. Evidently, she was only going through the motions, still half-asleep.

‘It’s past noon already! She’s even worse than Micky!’

The clerk cleared his throat, drawing everyone’s attention. His gaze lingered on the drowsy girl for a moment, but he didn’t dwell on her.

“I apologize again this took so long, but we can finally begin.”

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 38 – Orientation

A note from PathOfPen

Godspawn Ascendant [LitRPG, Epic Progression Fantasy]

Receiving a Mark from the goddess is all Rayden wants in life. Too bad he’s not from the same world as everybody else.

Cloned by a dead god and abandoned on a desolate planet, Rayden falls into the arms of people who would ostracize him for years to come.

Rayden is unusual. Not only does he look different from everyone, but he continues to struggle with training. Yearning for strength, Rayden hopes his upcoming Marking Ceremony will prove his worth. But when a sudden attack by a Nagari war band drives Rayden into an ancient facility, he meets someone he’d never thought he would: himself.

Now faced with a choice, Rayden must decide: should he follow the dead god’s plan or carve out his own fate?

**This is my first time writing in a web novel style. I’m very excited to share this story with all of you, and I hope you enjoy the characters and world just as much as I did creating them (or more; I won't hold that against you).**

Readers can Expect:

-A character-driven story full of action and adventure.

-Multiple fantasy/sci-fi worlds with diverse cultures, magic, and technology.

-A new take on the reincarnation genre with clones, magical AI, and a weak to strong protagonist.

Updates: Monday - Friday @ 11 AM CDT (Some bonus chapters will be posted as I run through my back-log).

The posting schedule will change to Monday, Wednesday, and Friday @ 11 AM CDT starting October 21st.

All chapters will be right around 1,500-2,500 words.

**Romance is going to be a part of the story, but it will only act as a subplot and will be a very slow burn.**

***Stats will show up part of the way into the story, but they don't show up for the first several chapters. However, I am determined to make it satisfying when it does happen.***

The first part of the clerk’s explanation wasn’t anything too eye opening. He went over some mundane things like how they were expected to conduct themselves within the Guild. The summary was that they were pretty much allowed to do whatever they wanted, as long as they wore the uniforms, treated others politely and didn’t kill, steal or cheat.

Each of them was going to be handed 5 contribution points to start with. It wasn’t a huge sum, but it was more than sufficient to cover their food and accommodation for their first month. Beyond that, they would have to pay for their expenses out of their own pocket. That said, the bare necessities weren’t difficult to earn enough for. The clerk even gave them a quick overview of the settlement, showing them where to find shops, inns, restaurants and other important facilities on a map.

‘So far, so good.’ Percy thought, suppressing a yawn.

It was the next part of the orientation that caused his eyes to widen. This was what he was interested in.

“The reason most of you are here are naturally the elixirs we all need to advance. Our Guild is where they are produced. You can learn to brew them yourselves, but you can also buy them with contribution points.”

“How much does a dose cost?” somebody asked.

The clerk smiled bitterly.

“400 points.”

His response elicited sharp breaths from the audience.

“Per day?!”

“That’s enough to buy food and accommodation for 7 years!”

After waiting for the chatter to die out, the clerk spoke again.

“It’s indeed expensive, but you knew that already. It’s not any cheaper to buy it from the Guild than elsewhere. However, you can find all sorts of opportunities to earn contribution points here.”

The room remained quiet, prompting him to continue.

“There are many ways to get them. The simpler ones are jobs like what I’m doing right now.” he smiled. “Although these posts don’t pay that well. We typically treat them as a vacation, for when we want to take things easy for a couple of weeks.”

“Then, what’s the most profitable method?” an initiate asked.

“Alchemy obviously! After all, it’s the Guild’s specialty! There is no better way to earn points than to brew your own elixirs and make a killing selling the excess to others… But I’m afraid there’s a catch.”

Nobody looked surprised by his words. If it was that easy, nobody would bother with anything else.

“Learning the art is a time-consuming process and a colossal money sink. You’ll have to spend months if not years to get any good at it. You’ll need to throw a warehouse of ingredients down the gutter too. Until then, you’ll be losing more points than you earn.”

Everyone’s faces fell, but he continued.

“Consequently, I advise you to forget about alchemy for the time being. If you have lofty aspirations to live a life of luxury and wealth, it might be something for you to work towards in the long-term. For now, your best bet is to venture out into the Fungal Spire and hunt the Starry Wasps.”

“What does that involve?” a young man asked. Percy recognised him as one of the two people who’d arrived earlier than him.

The clerk proceeded to explain how the hunting grounds worked. Essentially, the Fungal Spire was segregated into five levels, based on the grade of the beasts living there. The higher one ascended, the stronger the wasps got. At the ground level, where Micky was currently staying, you could only find Starry Drones, which had Red cores and were about as large as a man’s fist. Further up, one could find Starry Workers, Soldiers, Knights and Commanders, which progressively increased in both size and grade, all the way to Blue.

There was even rumoured to be a Starry Queen with a Violet core hiding somewhere in the depths of the Fungal Spire. However, nobody could verify if this was true, as entering the structure was strictly prohibited. The number of insects living inside the Spire vastly eclipsed the few that wandered outside. Still, the Guild’s foremost priority was to preserve the local ecosystem, so people were only allowed to freely roam and hunt on the giant mushrooms.

“What you want to harvest is the special gland that all types of wasps share just a few inches below their core.”

According to the clerk, this unique organ contained a few drops of nectar – the primary ingredient for the elixirs. The amount of nectar contained in each gland depended on the grade of the creature. Apparently, the Starry Drones at the bottom level usually carried 5 drops, with each higher grade having three times as much as the one below.

Each drop of nectar was valued at precisely 1 contribution point – or perhaps it might be more accurate to say it was the other way around. Clearly, the entire economy of the Alchemists’ Guild had been built around the exotic substance.

“At the end of the day, it all comes down to your combat ability. If you’re good, you can kill a lot of wasps per day and make a ton of points. Sadly, it means that some of you may be at a bit of a disadvantage.”

Percy didn’t appreciate how everyone turned towards him after that statement.

‘They aren’t wrong though.’

Most of these people would be hunting the Starry Soldiers on the third level, while he and Micky would have to make do with the workers on the second one. Still, this wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. He actually liked the idea of having an entire level to himself. After all, he had many secrets. Hunting in a crowded area would be inconvenient.

“Any questions?” the clerk asked after finishing.

Only one person raised her hand.

It was the girl with the glasses who had arrived last. She’d spent the entire orientation face down on the desk, so Percy assumed she’d slept through the whole thing. The clerk didn’t look very pleased either, creasing his brow. He probably thought she was going to ask about something he’d already explained. Still, he didn’t stop her.

“Are we obligated to hunt or brew?”

The man raised an eyebrow, not expecting that question.

“Well, no. Nobody can tell you what to do. If you want to stick to other jobs and only pay for your expenses, you’re technically allowed to do that. But, you won’t be able to afford the elixirs that way. Why even come to the Guild if you aren’t willing to do those things?”

Drowsy girl nodded absentmindedly, seemingly satisfied with the answer. She didn’t say much else, instead falling back to her desk, resuming her nap. The clerk spent another 5 minutes giving them a few more tips and instructions. Next, he politely asked them to leave the room to make space for the next batch after handing them their badges and robes.

Finding a place to stay wasn’t difficult. The Guild was full of empty houses, all made of the same enchanted stone, waiting for new members to claim them. Percy picked a spot near the back gate of the settlement, for easier access to the Spire. He only needed to press his badge against a rune on the door to register himself as the new owner, allowing him to enter and lock as he pleased. At the end of each month, he’d have to pay rent at a designated spot to get the badge recharged.

After a quick look inside, he took a shower before changing into the orange robes. It was still annoying he had to wear them everywhere, but at least they felt comfortable enough to hunt in.

Having not had a chance earlier, he gulped down his daily dose of the elixir, leaving the last few vials in his possession back home, before heading out for some shopping. Despite being quite hungry, he didn’t buy much, settling for a loaf of bread. He munched on it on the way back, figuring he could return for more stuff later.

Right now, he’d rather avoid wasting more time. It was already late in the afternoon. He’d accepted he wouldn’t get much hunting done today, but he wanted to at least meet up with Micky and explore the first level to familiarize himself with the area.

Leaving through the back gate, he ignored the suspension bridge leading up the first mushroom. That was the way to the second level, which he’d worry about tomorrow. Remaining on the ground, he began circling around the mountain. The entire trip would have taken him several hours, but he’d already asked his familiar to meet him halfway. The bird flew much faster than he walked too.

Although Micky had kept him updated throughout the day, the young man couldn’t help but exhale in relief after seeing him in person. This was the longest they had ever spent apart.

CAW! CAW!

Evidently, the familiar felt the same way.

“So, care to show me around your new home? I want to see what these Starry Wasps are all about.”

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 39 – Starry Drones

A note from PathOfPen

George Knows Best [Mud Wizard Litrpg]

Good men fight for their families. Great men fight for their dogs.

Every disgruntled, junior QA engineer needs something to get them through the day. And Bob Brown has good old Georgie-boy. A sleepy-head, happy-go-lucky, cant-take-directions-to-save-his-life golden retriever. A dog whose stinky smile just lights up a room.

So when The System flings Bob mid-soak into a messed-up initiation right in the front of the eyes of his adorable golden retriever, what choice does he have? Bob must complain, bullshit and massacre his way through four initiation challenges to make it back to the warm, fuzzy embrace of his dog.

And by the time he does, old Georgie-boy might just have become a fire-breathing battleship. Good thing too, because in a terraformed world, with a slaughtered population, a bugged-out system, a unique mud-themed class, and a ticking evolution countdown, Bob is going need all the help he can get.

It wasn’t like he hadn’t searched for the bugs on the way, but he hadn’t found any. The colourful motes impaired visibility and even interfered with Mana Sense.

CAW!

The bird threw a quick glance around, before flying a certain direction. A few moments later, it returned with something squirming in its beak. Its shape wasn’t much different from a regular wasp’s, but it was much larger. For the most part, its carapace was black. However, Percy didn’t miss the numerous tiny dots glittering along the slick chitin, resembling the motes in their surroundings.

‘Ok, so they blend in the environment. How did you find it so easily?’

Micky hadn’t struggled much to locate the oversized bug, seemingly unaffected by its camouflage. The familiar pointed to its eyes with a wing.

CAW! CAW!

Percy smiled wryly.

‘Not very helpful. I wouldn’t be able to spot one further than 20 feet away… Unless…’

Gathering some soul mana into his eyes, three silver flames of various shapes and sizes came into view. His own was the largest, followed by Micky’s. The wasp’s wasn’t nearly as bright, merely a wisp on the verge of being snuffed out, but it was there nonetheless.

This was good news. Due to his nature as a familiar, Micky had manifested some unique abilities allowing him to interact with the souls of others. At the beginning, it had only affected his beak, letting him consume the souls of his prey. Following his advancement to Orange, however, it had extended to his talons and eyes. Evidently, while the colourful motes affected both Mana Sense and regular sight, they weren’t alive and thus could be filtered out through Soul Vision.

‘It’s nice to know we have at least one advantage over others.’

Still, Percy failed to spot any other wasps nearby. Apparently, they were somewhat scarce. Despite having the ability to see them, he and Micky would have to move around a lot.

‘Eat its core but be careful not to damage anything else.’

The bird heeded his instructions, swiftly putting the wasp out of its misery, cawing in satisfaction after swallowing the tasty snack. Pulling a knife out, Percy carefully sliced open the bug’s thorax vertically, before placing his fingers inside, searching for something. A few moments later, he pulled out a soft, squishy ball about half the size of a cherry.

Taking a small vial out of his pocket, he uncorked it with his mouth before cutting a small hole into the gland and squeezing it above the bottle’s opening. A drop of a viscous liquid fell inside. It glowed in a rich amber colour – looking a bit like magic honey.

‘On second thought… isn’t that precisely what this is?’

The young man compressed the gland more firmly, until he counted five drops. This was already worth as much as what the Guild had given him. Clearly, the clerk wasn’t kidding when he said it would be easy to make a living.

‘Still, I need 800 drops per day for both of my cores…’

It was a huge sum. Percy wasn’t sure if it was even possible to get that much. Micky and Soul Vision would certainly help, but they’d need to hunt 160 Starry Drones on average.

‘Micky. Let’s play a game. Whoever finds the most wasps in the next 2 hours wins.’

***

CAW!

The familiar was over the moon, having barely eked out a victory in their little competition. Percy wasn’t nearly as excited on the other hand. Although, his loss wasn’t what soured his mood.

‘As expected, hunting on the first floor isn’t very efficient.’

The two had only found another five wasps by the end. Extrapolating, he estimated that even if they spent all day doing this from now on, they’d only get about 200 contribution points – barely half a dose. A quarter of what he needed.

It was not all bad, however.

Killing the drones was easy as they didn’t put up much of a fight, making the ground floor quite safe. He was also certain nobody in their right mind would ever bother with it either, meaning he wouldn’t have to worry about his secrets leaking. Finally, he was confident he and Micky would improve with some more experience, increasing their harvest after a few more weeks.

‘Still, it won’t be enough.’ he shook his head.

But that was fine. He hadn’t expected this to work. His goal had always been the second level, the Starry Workers there being more suitable for their grades. Even if he ignored the fact they possessed three times as much nectar as the drones, their Orange cores would accelerate Micky’s advancement and their souls would do the same for his own recovery.

Squeezing the rest of his loot into the vial, he shook it a few times, marvelling at the expensive liquid swirling at the bottom. It wasn’t nearly as much as he needed, but it was a start. His goal for tomorrow would be to do better.

Percy bid his familiar farewell, before heading back towards the settlement. The sun had already set a while ago, but according to the clerk the shops shouldn’t have closed yet. The young man hoped to get some supplies for his new abode. He would be staying there for some time, after all. He might as well make it comfortable.

***

Percy was carrying four paper bags full of groceries. While he had come across a lot of exotic spices and ingredients they didn’t have back at the mansion, he had kept his shopping fairly barebones. He’d only gone for things like bread, milk, eggs and some fruit. After all, he’d never learned to cook, and he doubted he’d have the time for a new hobby anytime soon.

‘Maybe one day.’

He was only a couple blocks away from his new house when an interesting smell caught his attention. It came from his left, where a small stall stood. It was operated by a plump guy lighting a stove with fire magic. This was the first person Percy had seen wearing an orange robe. He looked a bit older than the others too, seemingly in his mid-thirties.

‘A Red-born.’

The guy noticed him as well, waving at him to approach.

“First day here?”

“What gave me away?”

“Nothing really. I just haven’t seen you before.”

He handed Percy something warm, wrapped in a piece of parchment. The young man sniffed a couple of times, trying to discern what it was. It looked a bit like a pancake, dripping with honey. However, it had been rolled up and it was crispy too. Percy struggled to keep himself from drooling.

“What is it? It looks delicious.”

“It tastes even better!” the guy grinned. “I call them Honey Rolls.”

“How much?” Percy asked, reaching into his pocket.

The guy shook his head.

“First one’s on the house. Think of it like a welcome gift. Or Red-born solidarity if you prefer.”

“Thanks!”

If the guy was offering, Percy wouldn’t stand on ceremony. He bit a chunk out of the Honey Roll. The dude wasn’t kidding. This was heaven. The thin crust gave way, crunching under his teeth, as the flavour of the honey blended with the warm dough. Maybe he was a little biased, having lived off dried rations for two weeks followed by some bland bread. That said, he’d bet money this would still taste good tomorrow.

Suddenly, a strange thought crossed his mind.

“Don’t tell me you’re using nectar?”

“Ha! As if! What moron would waste an elixir’s worth of nectar on a snack?!” the plump dude chuckled.

“Besides, I doubt it would even taste that good. This is just regular honey.” he added after a moment.

Percy nodded. That made sense.

“Name’s Freddy.” the plump guy said, extending his hand.

The young man hurriedly wiped his on the parchment a couple of times, before reciprocating.

“Percy. Are you also doing this as a ‘vacation’? The clerk from the orientation said you can’t afford the elixirs without hunting wasps or learning to brew.”

Freddy’s face fell at his question, making Percy realize he might have asked something inappropriate. He was about to apologize but the guy spoke first.

“He was right. My Honey Rolls are rather popular if I may say so myself. Still, nowhere near enough.”

He remained silent for a few seconds, before continuing.

“But I’ve given up on hunting. Even after busting my ass, I could barely make 300 points on a good day. It would still be enough to get the expensive elixir every other day or something, but I figured it wasn’t worth the trouble. Right now, I’ve settled on the diluted ones.”

Percy felt the urge to protest – to tell Freddy not to give up. But he suppressed it.

‘What do I even know? I just got here.’

The two chatted for a few minutes, switching to some more light-hearted topics, before Percy left.

His expression was downtrodden by the time he got home. Freddy was a nice guy. A Red-born like him, who had probably come to the Alchemists’ Guild harbouring the same dream. And the cruel reality had chipped away at it for years, until nothing remained.

Percy’s final thought before he dozed off was a resolute one.

‘I won’t let this happen to me.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 40 – Starry Workers

A note from PathOfPen

Sworded Affair [Apocalypse Dungeon LitRPG]

Polishing antiques in the basement was supposed to be a punishment. When monsters arrived, it saved Emma's life. Now sealed inside a suit of armor old when the world was young, Emma Knight will have to master newfound powers she'd long regarded as merely myth; all whilst navigating the breakdown of society and delving through dungeons in search of the truth behind the apocalypse. How's that for a Sworded Affair?

What to expect: LitRPG, Progression, Dungeons and the Apocalypse.

What not to expect: Harem, Smut, Drama or Tragedy.

Release Schedule:Weekdays.

Percy had experienced a few peculiar things in his relatively short life. More than the average person on Remior, at least. After all, how many could boast of traversing the space between worlds with their soul, or fighting in an alien arena?

Still, walking atop a giant mushroom just HAD to make the list.

And it wasn’t the first one today either. Each level of the Fungal Spire contained hundreds of them, the smallest being wide enough to fit a minor village. As for the largest – it was bigger than the Alchemists’ Guild!

‘It makes me feel like an ant.’

Well, the fact he was here to hunt giant bugs didn’t help much either.

In any case, despite the novelty of this all, moving up and down the colossal structure was straightforward. Numerous suspension bridges had been built, linking the giant fungi together for everyone’s convenience.

What was more annoying was that he still had to circle a couple miles away from the entrance to the second level, as he didn’t want Micky anywhere near the crowded places. Only after he estimated to have travelled far enough did he call to the bird.

‘Over here.’

Luckily, his friend didn’t need bridges to navigate the Spire. It only took him around fifteen minutes to reach him. As soon as they had regrouped, Percy activated Soul Vision, looking for the wasps. Sadly, there didn’t seem to be any around.

‘Can you scout ahead?’

CAW!

Micky didn’t need to be told twice, shooting out like an arrow. And hardly another ten minutes passed before Percy received news of two nearby targets on the same mushroom, only a couple bridges away.

‘Wait for me. Don’t attack them.’

Percy knew Micky could probably handle one of the Starry Workers by himself. He was an Orange beast too, plus he was smarter and had some unique abilities giving him an edge. In fact, he figured they would have to split up in the future, to hunt the creatures more efficiently.

That said, today was their first day, so it was probably unwise to undertake any unnecessary risks before learning more about the bugs. They’d still try fighting individually, but they’d remain close to one another, to intervene if necessary.

‘CAW! CAW!’

Micky didn’t sound very happy about it. He’d waited two days to get his talons on some tasty snacks fitting for his grade. Still, he listened to the young man, albeit begrudgingly.

Once Percy arrived, he reactivated his Soul Vision, locating their target. The Starry Worker was much larger than the drones. At about the size of a fox, it was still on the smaller side as far as Orange beasts were concerned. Still massive for a bug though. What gave Percy pause was a rather nasty stinger sticking out of the wasp’s abdomen. It was longer than his index finger.

‘Let’s not get stabbed by that.’

CAW!

From what he’d heard, the creatures were venomous. At least, their acid wasn’t very potent, so it wouldn’t be lethal unless they got hit in a vital area. It’d still be rather unpleasant though.

Redoubling their caution, they spread out by a few paces, as he took a few deep breaths, drawing the mana to his second core while guiding even more into his channels. Less than a minute later, his muscles were brimming with strength, and his body spilling out mana, as he could practically feel the cyan lines thrumming underneath his skin.

‘At least the robes are long-sleeved.’

It was one of the few saving graces of the Guild’s uniform. It only left his face and hands exposed and the latter he had fixed by putting on a pair of gloves. Of course, he still very much hoped that nobody would pass through this remote region, but they’d be hunting around here for months. It was best to minimize the risk.

‘Let me handle the first one by myself.’

With everything in order, Percy gathered some soul mana in his hand, before tossing the Parting Gift towards the wasp.

It missed.

Although annoyed, the young man wasn’t surprised. Unfortunately, the insect wasn’t sitting still. It was whizzing around, feeding on the colourful motes falling from the mushrooms above. Naturally, hitting it mid-air had been a long shot.

It also hadn’t been subtle. Beasts had keen senses, making it somewhat harder to catch them by surprise. It must have had its Mana Sense active, noticing the translucent dagger flying past it.

BZZZZZZZZZZ

Before Percy knew it, the creature was upon him, and it appeared enraged. It tried to finish him directly by lunging straight towards his throat. It almost succeeded too, as it was faster than expected, making it difficult to sidestep even with Circulation active. However, it wasn’t as hard to divert the stinger with a flick of his Quarterstaff.

Still, the construct bent and cracked, barely shifting the trajectory of the stab by a couple inches – a bit too close for comfort.

Rotating his right wrist anti-clockwise, Percy tried to use the rebound force from the parry to slam the other end of his weapon on the wasp, but he hit nothing but empty air.

The creature flew around him erratically, looking for another opening to attack.

‘It’s really annoying.’

Percy’s kit was not very suitable against this kind of opponent.

His lack of defensive magic didn’t afford him the luxury of blocking hits. He’d lose if he got stabbed even once. Of course, the combination of Circulation and his second core put his reflexes solidly above a regular Orange, meaning he could prevent that if he remained alert.

Still, he didn’t exactly have a good means of killing the slippery creature either. His staff was too weak, unless he landed a good blow on the wasp’s wings. As for his Parting Gift, it was certainly powerful enough to finish the insect, but it wasn’t easy hitting the bug with it. It cost a lot of mana and time for each shot so he couldn’t launch it very often either.

‘Just stop moving, will you?!’

Twenty minutes and twice as many Parting Gifts later, the wasp was finally dead. The young man was lying on his back, drenched in sweat, his chest heaving up and down.

CAW! CAW!

Percy grimaced, hearing the crow’s ridicule.

‘What?! Think you can do better?! Why don’t you try taking on the other one by yourself then?!’

Another twenty minutes later, it was Micky’s turn to lie with his back on the giant mushroom, as Percy stood over him with a grin.

Flying in a straight line, the crow was much faster than the wasp, but that didn’t account for the difference in agility. The bug could fly horizontally or vertically too, making it difficult for the familiar to pin it down.

It was also rather dangerous, as the insect’s manoeuvrability along with the stinger’s greater reach had almost cost Micky dearly a few times. Eventually, Percy had been forced to intervene, taking advantage of the situation to finish the creature.

CAW…

‘Yeah, we both suck.’ Percy agreed.

Their first two kills on the second level hadn’t been easy. It would be a while until they got any good at it.

‘Let’s try to hunt as many as possible for today.’

Depending on how bad it was, it might be better to stick to the bottom level. The young man sure hoped it wouldn’t be necessary, but it would all come down to how much nectar they could harvest here and how much room for improvement there was.

After emptying their spoils into a vial, they took off. Like before, Micky headed out first, scouting for their next target. However, they wouldn’t try fighting separately anymore. It might be something worth considering in the future, but Percy understood their best bet for today would be to team up against the bugs.

‘The next 15 hours are going to be soooo much fun…’

Spoiler alert: They weren’t.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 41 – A poor showing

A note from PathOfPen

Magus Reborn [Cultivation] [Kingdom Building]

Kai of the Sorcerer's Tower is one of the last mages left, barely surviving in a world ruled by creatures of the dark — where the era of mages ended, and most of the lands got contaminated with dead mana.

To save his world and fulfil his master's last wish, he put himself through a forbidden ritual, risking his soul being ripped into pieces to make his way into the past. In an era with abundant mana — an era yet to enter the Golden Era of Magic.

Things go wrong, of course, as they always do, and he finds himself thousands of years before the world fell to mana contamination — in the body of a young lord, Arzan. All is not well, though, as the young lord was murdered by someone and he had a beast wave to protect his territory from before moving to larger threats as well trying to get back his former strength in a world where magic techniques and technology is primitive.

He might be able to change that.

The young man wiped the sweat off his forehead with his sleeve for the billionth time. Luckily, it trickled down the enchanted fabric without being absorbed, else he would be soaking by now.

‘At least the robes came with self-cleaning runes.’

Percy was trudging down the final bridge linking the first and second levels, his eyes half-closed and his breath rugged. The wind caused the flimsy structure to sway every so often, but he’d grown used to it by now, having walked several miles on the bridges already. That said, the exhaustion made keeping his balance more challenging. He briefly considered using his Quarterstaff as a walking cane, but that would only take more effort.

‘Let’s just treat it as another obstacle to overcome.’ he shrugged.

Today's hunt had been gruelling, and the results abysmal. He and Micky had only managed to kill fourteen wasps in total, averaging less than one per hour. Evidently, the Starry Workers were on a whole different level than the drones – both literally and metaphorically.

Finding them wasn’t that hard. If anything, their larger size made them spottable from further away, but they were slightly less abundant than their weaker relatives, so it worked out about the same.

Killing them was a different story, however. The best strategy they had come up with involved Micky distracting the wasps while Percy fired Parting Gifts, praying they landed. Despite reducing the size and increasing the quantity of the projectiles – launching three smaller daggers with each shot – hitting the beasts came down to sheer luck. He also had to take extra care not to hit his own familiar with the deadly spell, complicating things further.

Another issue was that he couldn’t keep Circulation active all day. Everything had progressed relatively smoothly during the morning, but it all went downhill once he grew too tired to use the technique in the afternoon.

The final nail in the coffin was that he had only harvested 12 of the 14 glands, as they had accidentally ruined a couple while fighting the creatures.

‘We made even less nectar than on the ground floor.’ Percy frowned.

Although he had only tested it for a couple of hours, he had estimated they could reliably hunt around 40 drones per day, which would get them about 200 drops of nectar. Today, they had only earned about 180 from the workers!

‘But there’s more room for improvement here.’

The difficulty in killing the Red variants was non-existent, so the only issue was finding them. Perhaps, they could get better at that after learning the ropes, but they would still be capped by how fast they could travel. Meanwhile, there was more at play on the second level. There, they could also work on their combat ability and teamwork to increase their gains.

‘Let’s give it a couple of weeks. If we don’t improve much, we can consider downgrading.’

Soon, he reached the gate, waving at the guards who returned the gesture. Entering the settlement, he headed straight towards Freddy’s spot, craving another Honey Roll. However, he paused upon seeing another new stand that had popped up at some point.

‘This wasn’t here last night.’

Of course, the roads inside the Guild’s camp were filled with all sorts of stalls with people bartering and trading. Not all were open this late, but plenty still were. That said, there was a reason why this one caught his eye. Percy recognized the owner! A strange phenomenon considering how few people he had met. It was a petite girl dressed in a brand-new yellow robe. Her tousled hair was black and only barely reached her shoulders. She wore a pair of glasses too.

‘The drowsy girl from the orientation… but what is she doing?’

True to the nickname he had given her, she was resting face-down on the counter once more. Right next to her, there was a translucent jar with five red coins – she clearly hadn’t spent any of her allowance yet, nor had she made any effort to earn more.

‘She seems to be serious about not hunting or brewing.’ Percy shook his head.

Next, he glanced down at a hastily made sign she had nailed on the stand.

‘BUYING INFORMATION ON THE THIRD LEVEL’

The handwriting was sloppy too.

Percy’s jaw dropped at the sight. She wanted to buy information with her measly five points? What for? If she had no intention of venturing out, then how would it help her? Also, what if people lied to her? She’d just be wasting her money!

‘It’s none of my business anyway. I’m sure she’ll wise up in a couple of days. Besides, losing a handful of points isn’t a big deal.’

Ignoring her, he continued to Freddy’s stall.

“Hey Percy! Any luck out there?” the plump guy asked with a smile.

“Not really. I only managed to kill seven workers today.” he replied, halving the number to hide Micky’s involvement.

“That’s quite good for your first proper hunt. A bit better than average too.” Freddy nodded.

“Really? I thought it was on the lower side.” Percy raised an eyebrow.

“Most people find the best level to hunt at is the one matching their grade. Locating and killing the wasps can be tricky, so newcomers usually average about five glands per day. If you have a suitable affinity and with some experience, you can get to twenty.”

Percy frowned. This arrangement would work well for people at Yellow. After all, twenty kills on the third level would get them 900 contribution points which was more than double what they needed. However, this wouldn’t cut it for him. Even if he and Micky improved enough to hunt twenty workers each, they’d only get 600 points, still short of his second dose.

‘Let’s not get ahead of myself. For now, I should focus on earning the first dose before I run out of elixirs. After that, I can look into alchemy to make the difference.’

He thanked Freddy for the information and the food before leaving. Just two blocks from his house, however, he was rudely shoved aside by a passerby.

“The hell?!”

The guy didn’t bother apologizing or even glancing back. He kept walking next to another person, the two seemingly locked in a heated conversation.

“Nobody mentioned these fucking things would be so hard to find!” the first guy yelled.

“At least your fire magic is among the best for the job!” the other replied. “Do you have any idea how annoying it is to toss stones at them until they hit?!”

Both wore yellow robes and Percy recognized the second guy – the one who hadn’t pushed him. He’d also been in his orientation.

‘I guess I’m not the only one having trouble with this.’ Percy smiled wryly.

Of course, these people were much closer to their own targets. They were earning more and needed less. Still, knowing he wasn’t alone struggling was a little reassuring.

Reaching his house, he took a shower before sitting on his bed. Next, he drank another dose of the elixir, noting he only had sixteen vials left. Adding in the ones he could buy with his current income, he calculated they’d last him a month.

‘We need to kill 27 workers per day so that I can sustain one core. That should be my current goal. I have to get there in a month.’

Having made his mind up, he activated Soul Vision, examining the state of his soul.

‘It’s not all bad.’ the corner of his lips curled up.

Despite their subpar performance, the soul mana Micky had gathered from the wasps had done wonders for Percy’s recovery. The crater in his chest had visibly shrunk some more. There was still some distance to cover, but his healing speed would increase too as they raised their hunting efficiency.

‘I can probably generate enough mana to feed my first core diluted elixirs already. At this rate, I’ll be able to resume sending clones soon!’

Not only that, but honing his combat skills was a noteworthy benefit in and of itself. Percy would have sought out an environment like the Fungal Spire to train in, even if his advancement wasn’t dependent on it. At the end of the day, adapting his fighting style to his nimble opponents was a welcome challenge.

‘Let’s see if I can come up with a couple new spells for this.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 42 – Adjusting tactics

A note from PathOfPen

Legend of the Spear Saint [LitRPG, Isekai, Cards, Progression]

Demons are gathering. The Rhys Kingdom is in danger of being overrun. There’s just one problem, they’ve summoned one hero too many.

Rowan never thought he’d be a chosen one. When he's summoned to a kingdom preparing for war, his first instinct is that there’s been a terrible mistake. And where the other heroes are given the traditional roles of might and skill, Rowan finds himself locked into the spear, a commoner’s weapon.

Unprepared for the role of an unwanted hero, Rowan has to rely on himself, his questionable set of skills, and whatever allies he can scrounge up. And he has to do all that before the demon wave washes over the kingdom.

Expect:

+ 3.5-5k word chapters, at least four times a week

+ Determined MC

+ MC who LIKES helping others

+ Character growth

What NOT to Expect:

- Harems

- Murderhobo MC

- Caricature villains

‘I’m jumping in!’

Hearing the warning, the crow changed direction at the last second, briefly confusing the wasp. Percy dashed towards it, swinging down his staff.

Still, the agile bug caught on quickly enough, dodging the telegraphed blow, before lunging forward to deliver a hit of its own. The young man flicked his hand, parrying the stinger.

Bending dangerously, the cyan weapon appeared about to snap. Percy understood by now that a quarterstaff wasn’t great against the creatures. Coming up with a better use for his pure mana was definitely something on his to-do list. That said, this wasn’t his focus right now. He stabbed forward with his other hand, the silver point just barely missing the wasp.

“Fuck! I almost got it!” he groaned.

The insect was about to counterattack, but Micky dove towards it, nearly clipping its membranous wings with his talons, engaging it into a new round.

Activating Soul Vision, the young man looked at his new weapon again. Its shape hadn’t changed much, but it was twice as long as before. Perhaps it resembled a rapier more than it did a dagger by now.

Over the last couple of days, Percy had thought about the greatest shortcomings in his offensive capabilities. While the Parting Gift packed quite a punch, it was frankly overkill in most situations. The difficulty in landing it coupled with the long preparation time meant he left himself defenceless for much of the fight.

If he didn’t have a second core to rely on, he would have probably died already. Even if he had found another way to escape from Rick’s group, the Starry Workers would have stabbed him full of holes by now.

Consequently, he had come up with two possible solutions. The first was to continue increasing the number of projectiles he could shoot at once. If he gave his spell a wider spread, he’d be able to hit the wasps more frequently. However, it would still leave him powerless between shots.

That’s why he’d gone with the second solution instead. His current plan was to devise a close-combat variant of the Parting Gift. It wouldn’t dissipate after each strike, so his opponents would think twice before approaching – or pay the price.

‘Although, it’s not perfect either.’ he frowned.

While it would keep the bugs at bay – making him safer – it wouldn’t help him land the hits. If anything, it would make it even harder. That said, he reasoned he could amend that with more practice. The soul constructs were weightless, so he could swing them faster than any corporeal weapon. As long as he worked on his timing, he’d be able to slay the Starry Workers with some well-executed counterattacks.

‘Perhaps a rapier isn’t the best shape though.’

Due to the extreme lethality of his soul mana, he only needed to nick a corner of the bugs’ souls to defeat them. Even if the first strike didn’t kill them, it would stop them in their tracks long enough for him to finish the job. Consequently, a slashing weapon might be more useful than a stabbing one. It wasn’t piercing power he lacked.

‘Should I go for a hatchet or cutlass?’

He didn’t like the idea of the former as he’d have to waste a lot of mana on the handle. The latter sounded better, but he’d still prefer something with a wider blade. Something the wasps couldn’t evade so easily.

‘Hmmm… what if I bend the edge a little too…’

‘CAW!’

Micky complained, snapping him out of his thoughts.

‘Right. I’m going back in.’

He quickly summoned his weapons, but one looked different. As before, the scuffle ended without success, the wasp dodging the modified spell effortlessly. However, he didn’t let it get to him, as he knew realizing his new idea would take a couple more days.

Percy grinned, beginning to reform the blade once more, adjusting the shape again.

‘You bastards are in for a nasty surprise.’

***

He took a deep breath, as the cyan lines shone underneath his skin. Over the past week, Percy had focused on adapting his Parting Gift rather than killing as many wasps as possible. Logically, this should have caused their daily gains to drop even more, yet it hadn’t. Without realizing, the young man had grown better at maintaining Circulation. This had allowed him to fight in his top form for a couple hours longer per day.

‘Today our kill count is going up too.’

Soul mana gathered in his hand once more, coalescing into a solid. The blade extended and curved and… kept extending and curving still. By the time it finished taking shape, Percy had exhausted every last drop of mana in his sternum, his weapon spanning an arc three times the radius of his fist. The new version of the Parting Gift required the full capacity of his core to cast, taking the form of a sickle!

‘Stay out of this one, buddy.’

CAW!

Stomping hard, he bolted towards the wasp. The worker noticed him before he reached it, diving for the counter. Percy sidestepped the stab, feinting with his staff. Not the sharpest tool in the shed, the wasp bought the fake out, flying to one side, as Percy swung the rod for real this time, nearly glancing the bug too.

BZZZZZZZZZZZZ

That seemed to have pissed it off, as it launched a barrage of lunges towards him, trying to turn him into a pin cushion. It wasn’t hard to evade most of them with his footwork, parrying the rest with the Quarterstaff. The construct protested, but it held – for now.

Another narrow dodge later, the bug seemed to have run out of steam, as it tried to put some distance. Percy didn’t let it, instead stepping forward, putting some pressure on the creature with his rod.

Realizing it couldn’t keep this up, the bug went for another desperate counterattack, forcing Percy to sacrifice the Quarterstaff for one last parry.

This was it! The attack left the bug staggered!

Having anticipated it, Percy’s left hand was already on its way to the wasp’s side. It tried to pull back diagonally, but he only had to let the weapon travel a few inches horizontally before releasing his grip, letting the sickle spin as it flew towards the creature.

The slash didn’t make a sound, but the young man didn’t miss the bug’s silvery soul being cleanly bisected through his Soul Vision. Percy allowed what remained of his staff to crumble away, but he didn’t move.

The lifeless carcass of the Starry Worker crashed on the cap of the giant mushroom, one of its wings nearly snapping as it bent in a weird angle.

‘It’s done.’ he stared at it in disbelief.

He wasn’t even out of breath yet! The fight had only lasted a few minutes!

Of course, he’d already spent a week working towards this, but pinning down the slippery creature by himself – without relying on luck or distractions – had seemed like such a distant goal. But he’d done it! He’d held his own, anticipating the bug’s moves, dodging its blows and seizing the right opportunity to strike back!

CAW! CAW!

Micky flew over him, sharing in his excitement.

“Hahahaha!” the young man burst into laughter.

“Help yourself buddy!” he gestured to the corpse.

There was still plenty he could do to make their trips more efficient, but this was the first massive step forward. He smiled.

‘Let’s see how many we can get today.’

***

‘19!’ he counted, a shit-eating grin plastered on his face.

Percy had just finished squeezing the last of today’s glands into a vial. This was their best record so far!

This time, he had filled nearly three tubes with the precious nectar, indicating he was getting closer and closer to his goal. Naturally, he was still 8 kills short, but that didn’t seem so unattainable after what he had achieved over a single week.

The new form of the Parting Gift was extremely effective against the creatures. He had already killed a few with it in both melee range and from a distance, proving it was about as versatile as he’d intended.

It was still a pain whenever he threw it and missed, as it left his first core completely empty for a time. Luckily, Micky could always jump in and keep the bugs occupied until he recovered.

‘It sucks the Status hasn’t bothered to recognize it though.’

That said, he had expected that. The new variant wasn’t sufficiently different from the original to be listed as a new spell, and neither was it profound enough to be elevated to a Refined classification.

‘Although, I suppose it doesn’t matter what it’s called.’

Percy shrugged.

‘Tomorrow I’ll work on a replacement for the Quarterstaff.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 43 – Aleyn

A note from PathOfPen

Runeblade: A Delving LitRPG Survival Adventure

Kaius just wanted to unlock his class - instead, he restarted the apocalypse.

After years of training, Kaius has barely acquired the first two of his family's legacy skills. Powerful and vanishingly rare, the method of creating them is a secret people would kill for.

Now they might be the only thing that keeps him alive. Narrowly surviving a bandit ambush, he gets trapped in the Great Depths- a world spanning dungeon.

To escape, he will have to slay one of the Guardians that defend the exits; a feat no one without a class has survived. Ever.

If that wasn’t bad enough, if he succeeds, he will reignite a forgotten trial that nearly ended civilization.

* * *

Posting Schedule: 5x/week M-F, 9:30 am NZT (2:30 pm PST)

Launch Schedule: 10ch dump on launch, 2/day for the first two weeks, bonus chapters for RS

* * *

-Runic-Tattoo Wizard/Spellblade in a world of sorcerers

-Exceptional MC, with some initial Slow Burn elements

-Large scope, inspired by epics such as Azarinth Healer, BTDEM, PH, and more.

-Third Person POV, with a 99% MC focus

-Numbers go brrrr

-Attack Badger (Friendly?)

-Battle maniac MC who is not a murderhobo

-No harem, romance, or VR

IMPORTANT NOTE: You guys might have noticed something strange with the novel's title xD Long story short, Bacon (the author of Runeblade) is a friend of mine and we decided to switch our titles up as a joke for a couple of days. I just want to emphasize this is all in good fun, so please don't send any mean messages or comments to him.

The atmosphere was sombre as the crowd of hundreds stood outside, clad in black robes. A deep silence might have been more appropriate for the occasion, but nobody had let the crickets know to stop chirping, or the birds to avoid carelessly flying over the garden.

Perhaps, the sky should have looked gloomier too, but Remior’s sun still shone brightly, oblivious to the bitter sobs of the grieving mother, and the occasional crackles of firewood snapping in the pyre.

Archibald let out a turbid breath, held inside for a touch too long, as he watched Seryna – his daughter-in-law – scatter her son’s ashes in the wind. Fortunately, Aballach was not here to mourn the boy, having died in the tragedy years ago, along with the other Red-borns.

Truth be told, Archibald had a personal preference for burials over cremations. The idea of having a grave to visit – a way to keep the deceased always close – just sounded better. In fact, many of the younger families still performed them to this day.

Sadly, this wasn’t an option for the older ones, like the Avalon House, who had bid farewell to thousands of members over their millennia-long history. If they buried everyone, their mansion would be little more than an island amidst a sea of graves by now.

No, the Avalons wouldn’t get a grave… They’d all have to settle for a few words in a book, listing their relationships and achievements. The Yellow-borns who lived the longest would get a full page. Some – like Archibald himself – might even get a couple. As for the Red-borns and Orange-borns who died young… they’d have to make do with a paragraph.

‘Was I wrong?’

It was precisely because things like this kept happening that he had maintained his distance from the family. He had to be a leader! Could he afford to break down every time he lost somebody?

Putting his own emotions aside was what was best for everyone. If anything, it helped reduce losses such as today’s.

‘Little good it did Aleyn though.’

Archibald’s interactions with Percy had made him reconsider his stance. Perhaps, his role as the cold patriarch of the family served their House well – for the majority of people – but what about those few who received the short end of the stick? If Aleyn had been destined to die young, hadn’t he deserved a grandpa in his short life?

‘Heck, didn’t I deserve to know my grandson before he was gone?’

Elaine walked over, breaking him out of his thoughts. Her expression was downtrodden – she hadn’t spoken a word since Enid helped her back a few days ago, carrying a sack with Aleyn’s remains in the other hand.

‘She must be blaming herself.’

He placed his hand on her shoulder, squeezing it gently.

By all accounts, this could still be considered a positive outcome for the family. Elaine – the only Yellow-born in the team – had not only survived, but returned home with a new Refined spell. In fact, the pragmatic leader in him should have been overjoyed. Perhaps, they should even be celebrating rather than mourning. Yet, the mere thought made his stomach churn.

“Grandpa… Where is Percy? I haven’t seen him since I got back.”

A lump got stuck in Archibald’s throat. Breaking more bad news to the girl was the last thing he wanted.

“He left a few weeks ago. He should be in the Alchemists’ Guild by now.”

“What?! Why?! He didn’t even say goodbye!” she exclaimed, only catching herself a moment later after seeing the others giving her weird looks.

“What happened?” she whispered a moment later.

“The boy probably grew a conscience.” another voice interjected.

A gallant man approached them, the air around him crackling with power as he stopped just a meter away.

“What’s that supposed to mean?!” Elaine scowled at him.

“It means you and father have already spoiled that Red-born for long enough. It’s best he tries to pay his own way in the world. He’ll fail of course, but that ought to teach him that precious resources aren’t meant for his ilk.” Galahad replied in a casual tone, his words sharp like knives.

But he wasn’t done.

“My only worry is that he’ll embarrass our House in the eyes of others, but I suppose that’s a small price to pay to stop pouring elixirs down the drain.”

The girl looked ready to snap at her uncle, but Archibald squeezed her shoulder a bit more firmly to stop her.

“That’s enough son. This is not the time or the place to be badmouthing anyone, let alone your nephew. Besides, I think you might be surprised the next time you meet Percy.”

He didn’t like Galahad’s callousness, but it would be hypocritical of him to get angry. After all, he was the one who had moulded his son into this, preparing him into a future leader of the House.

Strictly speaking, Galahad simply embodied the principles he had taught, nothing more, nothing less. In fact, one might even argue the man adhered to them even more closely than Archibald himself, not allowing compassion to seep into his thought process.

Soon, Galahad left. It wasn’t until an hour later that the rest of their relatives had too.

“Is he going to be alright?” she asked once they were alone in the garden.

He nodded.

“Don’t worry about him. Micky advanced to Orange and they needed a good place to hunt and earn elixirs. I’m sure they’ll thrive there.”

His words seemed to ease the tension in her eyes. Although, it wasn’t gone entirely.

“Elaine. It wasn’t your fault. Scorpion Kings are rare, and you couldn’t have prevented the ambush.” he said after a moment.

“But it was my fault… If only I’d learned Circulation like you and Percy… Maybe…” she stammered, the corners of her eyes glistening with tears.