
“I think I would need to focus on it to study it in earnest. I am a bit tired now, but if you ask me to do this, is it like you acknowledging me as a servant?”

“Isn’t this the same as meeting kinsmen in the town of Manita and asking for a favor? Can I not ask this much?”

“Hmmph, you are still acting like this. May I ask you for a favor too?”

“Like what?”

“Hmm. W-well? Now that I think about it, I don’t have anything else to ask you other than to accept me as a servant?”

“Right?”

“Then, if I can think of something, I will ask later.”

“That is a bit…”

“Well, I think it will take some concentration to study this. So can I do this after a good sleep?”

“I’m tired from the constant battles as well. I have also been walking.”

“Should we rest here then?”

“No, let us hurry. The goats’ feed cost is high, so let us not delay any longer.”

They had arrived at the gateway and pretended to be a blind person and some pilgrims. They fed the goats using cow feed at an inn and bought supplies for themselves. Travel was, after all, a journey of constantly spending money.

“Follow me. Ah, before that, I think we need to start with the disguise again.”

Azadine began to change into his blind person disguise again. He wore his clothes loosely and crouched down, shrinking his height by bending his body. The relative length of his arms and legs also made them look weak and small.

His body was quite flexible, so Azadine changed how he stood to change his appearance.

After returning to his blind disguise, Azadine caught up with the people who were evacuating down the road. It didn’t take long for them to find the group since there were a lot of people traveling at night.

“Ah, you are safe.”

“Fortunately.”

They were happy that Azadine and his party were safe.

“Yes. I have good ears and heard the shouts of victory from the village.”

“Uh?”

“I think we can head back to the village. Could you possibly contact them with a signal or lantern or something?”

“That…”

“If there is a side where we can see the village, I think we can check it.”

“…”

The people who were evacuating seemed shocked at these words. However, they knew the village was safe when they noticed the lanterns at the gateway were lit.

“I think sending a few people to the village to check it out would be alright.”

Azadine’s suggestion made sense to the people. It was important to evacuate in the case of a monster invasion. Still, it wasn’t good for the women and elderly to leave the village and take such steep roads.

Count Casel of Salasma was not a merciful person. There would be no chance that people who had abandoned their village would be given refuge.

Therefore, it was everyone’s opinion that they wanted to return to the village as soon as it was safe.

“R-right.”

The people decided to stop their evacuation and sent a swift person from the group to check the state of the village. They would then meet with a runner halfway and learn of the situation.

Once the ogre invasion was resolved, the village sent a dispatch to inform the evacuating villagers.

“A member of the Messenger Clan appeared and defeated the ogre?”

“That’s right! The ogre wasn’t even the main problem. Bone! A large monster appeared. How should I describe it… Anyways, someone from the village must have called on the Messenger Clan. That is why we need to check with the outsiders.”

“The foreign merchants? Or the pilgrims?”

“Right. Where are those pilgrims?”

“Uh? Ah? What?”

“Wait, now that you mention it?”

The people were taken aback as the pilgrims had disappeared without them realizing it.



* * *



It wasn’t too difficult to make their way out under the cover of the night. Azadine changed his disguise again and grumbled.

“This is annoying.”

“Still, it is amazing, just dressing up. Your impression changes drastically, doesn’t it?”

“Well, the clothes are still loose, so there is a lot of room to hide things. You can’t do this in hot climates, so I need to be careful.”

Azadine said this and headed down the mountain path.

“Why did we send the people back to the village when there’s a chance the ogres might come back? Don’t you think it’ll be dangerous?”

“No, they had to go back. They’re family. If they are going to leave the village, they should do it together. It is better to evacuate with their family. When and where would they meet again if they scattered during the evacuation?”

“Still, if they stayed in the village and it ended up being attacked…”

“The leader there is a seasoned hunter. He can understand the situation.”

“That’s alright then. Didn’t you get into a fight, though? Are you not tired?”

“I am tired, but I have to earn money for our traveling.”

“Earning money?”

“That.”

Azadine pointed his finger down the mountain path. The illegitimate son of the Margrave, who had plundered the village, came into sight along with his mercenaries.

“As the Emperor’s Messenger, you shouldn’t commit robbery. However, it is alright if we take a small amount from people who looted a village.”

“In the end… this is it.”

Ismail clicked his tongue.

The illegitimate son and his men numbered around 20. All of them were strong mercenaries, and the children of the Messenger Clan considered them to be potentially strong opponents. Even more so considering Azadine had built up fatigue.

‘Even if he can beat them in perfect condition, it doesn’t mean a guaranteed win.’

It was dangerous to go against many people when you were alone. This was especially true when the body was exhausted, and concentration was low. Actually, in many cases, fatalities among messengers didn’t happen because of fighting strong people but from such trivial encounters.

“Isn’t it bad to be careless?”

“It is fine. Take a good look.”

Azadine clicked his tongue. Despite not being his job, he will set an example for these children.



* * *



Tarki and the mercenaries under his command were all exhausted.

The mercenaries were tired from carrying the loot from the village down the mountain path. Still, they were all aware of the horrors of the mountain roads, which was why they were taking a break in an orderly manner.

The guards looked out to the darkness while speaking.

“Don’t ogres move south during a drought? I think this is the end for us since we abandoned the frontier protection mission to help protect the lord while he searches for the book.”

“It is alright for us to get out of here.”

“Would you like to get out? To end up not making as much money? Besides, our employer hasn’t found the book yet, so I don’t think it’s quite over.”

“It’s nice to be employed long-term with high salaries.”

“Does it feel like danger is approaching?”

As they said this, they stood at the ready.

Someone was watching them in the dark.

‘They are quite skilled. They aren’t as well-armed as Kozel’s men, but they’re better. I am too tired for this too…’

Azadine, who had hidden at the base of the path, counted the number of targets and searched for a route in.

‘Do not overdo it. How many men should I take down?’

He drew a string across the tree branch and pulled it apart slightly.

-Bsss

The wood made a sound as it rubbed against each other.

“Uh?”

“What?”

Two guards came his way, and Azadine hid back in the bushes. As the guards approached, he grabbed them by the vital points in their necks.

“Kuak?!”

“Euk?!”

The two mercenaries collapsed without being able to resist. It was good that he was able to grab their vital spots because there was no armor around their necks.

‘Nice. Shall I just rob their valuables quickly?’

He approached the mercenary’s cart and searched through the box within. The box was locked, but he could unlock it without difficulty.

Treasures that had been looted from the villagers were inside, such as silver candlesticks and bulky plates. There was also money, but it wasn’t comparable to things made of gold.

‘Did Lord Kozel plunder the gold first? That gang didn’t look too rich, though. Ah, they must have sold it to merchants passing through the gate, and the money was sent home.’

Azadine took the silver candlestick and plate and then searched for other treasures. There were also boxes of fragrant wood, well-made dressing tables, and small bookshelves covered with silver leaf.

These were worthwhile, but they were too big and heavy. Additionally, the shapes were noticeable, meaning it would be obvious that they were stolen when he tried to sell them. Wouldn’t a merchant know of things like bookshelves and tables?

‘The silver candlestick is the best value for money compared to its weight. Well, that’s the loot covered. Should I look into their supplies?’

Azadine approached the mercenaries’ belongings and began to rifle through them. Beans, oats, arrowheads, and goods to feed their horses.

‘Oh, this is nice. They have arrowheads here. Nice. Not the cheap ones but real steel ones, right?’

Azadine was excited and took those things as well.

His load was heavy now. Although Azadine had greater strength compared to real humans, there were limits to what he could carry.

If he wanted to leave without a trace, he should relinquish his greed and only take things he could. However, as Azadine dug through the mercenaries’ cargo, he found something strange.

‘Uh? What is this now?’

A staff made of bone.

It was a staff identical to the one he had taken from the goblin.

‘The fact that it is here meant that this wasn’t plundered. This was something they had from the start.’

As Azadine stood in shock.

“Ah, You!”

A voice suddenly came from behind him.



* * *



Tariki woke up, climbed out of his sleeping bag, and peed into a bush.

“Ah, damn it. Is it wrong to drink before bed? It is so cold when I wake up…”

He grumbled about the conditions and went around the camp to discover that the guards were gone. He had set two people to watch his tent, but they were nowhere to be seen.





The Noble Tribe's Result 2


“These bastards…”

Tarki looked at the surroundings, just in case, but could not see the signs of any attack. With his sword in hand, he rolled up his blankets. He walked slowly around the sleeping mercenaries and found the two guards lying asleep on the rocks behind the campfire.

“Phew. You two are just taking my money from me.”

Tarki woke the guards with his feet.

“Huk?!”

“You brats, you are sleeping here?”

“Ah… L-Lord.”

“Lord, what? Call me knight. I am still in training. Hm?”

Tarki realized that the condition of his mercenaries was somewhat strange. The mercenaries recalled the situation and claimed they didn’t fall asleep but had passed out after being attacked.

“Yes. T-that…”

“L-looks like we were attacked.”

“Really? It wasn’t a dream?”

“It was real.”

“What should we do?”

Tarki took his men and looked around the camp but found no other signs. It was because Azadine had cleanly packed and left everything.

“Kuak? What? The loot!”

Tarki was horrified to see that their loot box had been opened.



* * *



‘Looking at his reaction, it seems like it’s not him. Was it one of the mercenaries??’

Azadine was observing the mercenary camp from afar.

‘No matter how I look at it… this staff seemed to originate from the Kurt clan.’

Even though he could not use magic, he had been trained in it. The feeling and scent of magical objects and the subtle aura he could see indicated that this was an object made using the magic of the Kurt Gods.

“It’s just like the sudden appearance of the magic book. Emperor’s Voice, can’t you give any kind of insight?”

[That doesn’t exist. It is the job of humans to investigate. I am simply a created spirit.]

“You are completely useless.”

[Wouldn’t I be very useful in letting you feel safe without worry at night? Besides, don’t I tell you the exact time?]

“However.”

Azadine sighed.

The messenger of the Emperor may seem like a superhuman to ordinary people, but he was also a human. Fatigue inevitably builds up.

“I guess I have no choice but to take a break and ask those kids. I wish I could use magic too. I said I don’t need a servant, but I end up relying on them.”

Azadine withdrew with some regret. He had wanted to observe the mercenaries a little more. However, if there really was someone there who used the Kurt’s magic, they would not be easy to deal with.

‘There is also a chance of being caught while on the path. Hmm, things feel like they’re becoming complicated.’



* * *



The next day, Azadine pushed his blankets off.

“Yawn… the more I sleep, the sleepier I get. Teacher always said it as well.”

He got up and looked around. Mediam and Ismail were still asleep.

“What time is it?”

[It’s 2:04 pm.]

The Emperor’s Voice announced the time.

[My utility is great just by telling you the exact time to this level. Be grateful to me.]

“… ah, yes, yes, yes. I guess so.”

Azadine answered dryly and then laid down again.

“Get up, kids.”

“Euk!”

“Uh?”

The two children got up to their feet.

“Did you not decide to appraise the bone staff?”

“Ah, yes. Right. Give it here.”

“It might be a cursed item, so I will do it.”

Ismail received the bone staff from Mediam and began to push magic into it.

“What do you see?”

“I can see a green and black magic.”

“Green and black magic? If it was the King of Tooth, red magic would be mixed. Is it from another Kurt?”

“Yes. The ability that is imbued in it… is to look for a specific thing. The magical power inside is limited, so it will soon break when used. It isn’t very strong. It’s a mass-produced item, but… nonetheless, its creator has amazing skill. This is well made despite using cheap materials.”

“Hmm.”

Azadine heard this and clicked his tongue.

“Well… since it’s made of bones and was held by someone of the Kurt, I know that it is an item that belongs to them. It has become clearer. This…”

“Uh?”

“No. Let me take care of it.”

Perhaps the ogre holding this wand had come looking for the page in Azadine’s possession. However, if he told Mediam and Ismail about the staff’s function, they would want to try it out. This would inevitably show them the closest copy of the book… which was on Azadine.

‘There is no need to tell these kids I have it. Wait. Then if I have the page, I will get targeted again and again…’

More people would be after him. He had to hurry.

“We need to head to Salasma soon.”

“Do we leave now?”

“No. Let us go after we are done eating and clearing things up.”

They were busy, but since they had destroyed the monster’s scouting unit and retrieved the staff from the mercenaries, there was no need to rush without a meal.

Besides, if someone among the mercenaries could use this bone staff… they probably needed to do something since it had disappeared.

‘If I keep my distance and chase after them, I think I will see something interesting.’



* * *



“Is this a joke, you bastards!?”

Tarki was furious. Expensive silver candlesticks and plates had vanished from the looted goods, and his mercenaries had an injured expression.

“You hid it somewhere to take it later! You bastards! If I come to….”

“No!”

“We were really attacked. Look at this.”

The mercenaries who had stood guard last night showed their necks and expressed their denial. There were clear handprints on their necks, but Tarki ignored them.

“To claim that there was a thief we haven’t discovered by now and show off those scars to your advantage! If what you are saying is true, do you mean to say that a thief snuck into an armed mercenary camp, didn’t attack you with a poisoned dagger, but had instead grabbed you and knocked you out?”

“No, tha…”

“R-right.”

The captain of the mercenaries clicked his tongue.

“Aside from that, the arrowheads and some grains are missing too.”

“Grains?”

“Yes. Also… one of my possessions disappeared. No matter how I see it, this was no normal thief.”

Tarki was no fool either. It didn’t matter whether the mercenary captain was telling the truth.

The problem was his feelings. If he felt insulted, the mercenaries would immediately turn against Tarki.

‘We will have to end this discussion here.’

They didn’t know who had targeted their loot. Still, they would inevitably react if he scolded the mercenaries more than this.

“Tch, fine. Well, then, pretend that you got attacked. As punishment, I will cut the salaries of those who stood guard. Will that be enough?”

“Yes.”

“Ugh.”

The mercenaries who lost part of their salaries looked dissatisfied. However, their opponent was the illegitimate child of a noble, so it was impossible to protest further.

“Hmm.”

However, the mercenary captain, who wasn’t affected by the pay cut, didn’t seem to like it.

“For now, it is fine to punish the subordinates for their failure in vigilance. The problem is with what we lost.”

“Uh? What is it?”

“Hahaha. It is impossible to say.”

The mercenary captain burst out laughing.

“Really? It doesn’t seem like a huge deal.”

“It isn’t that… Perhaps the thief is headed to a nearby village? Could we take the village by your order, Lord Tarki?”

“What? A village nearby, you mean the one we came down from? It is difficult to take that one over.”

Farming villages and peasant hamlets could be erased from the map anytime, so there were no problems looting them. However, villages at the border acted as gateways and could not be easily touched. A major gate such as that is noticed on the King’s map and is often monitored.

The Gateway of the East Village they had looted until just yesterday was not named in passing. It actually had a gate but was not yet engraved on the map.

It wasn’t a gate to the borders but to a barren land. It wasn’t a village that was untouchable and could be plundered.

“It doesn’t matter. Even if Lord Tarki disagrees, we will plunder at your command.”

“Uh? What? What is that supposed to mean?”

Tarki became puzzled when he saw the mercenary captain attempting to take the lead.

But then…

Puak!

The mercenary captain pulled a dagger and thrust it into Tarki’s lower abdomen.

“Kuak?!”

“Uh? Captain!”

The mercenaries were also surprised at this sudden exchange. He had suddenly stabbed their employer in the stomach with a knife.

“W-what are you doing?”

“Relax. This… is a dagger given by a witch to me.”

“Uh.”

Tarki was startled. He could feel the cold sensation in his stomach… but there was no blood or wound.

The dagger stuck in his stomach then suddenly transformed into a strange spider.

Kakaka!

And went inside.

“Hee?!”

“D-did you see it?”

“Spider!”

“What you saw.”

The captain smiled at the lord.

“This present is harmless right?”

“Yo-You. What did you…”

Tarki drew his sword in indignation.

Even though he was an illegitimate child, Tarki was a child born out of wedlock to a noble who had enough money to hire mercenaries.

He had trained faithfully in swordsmanship since childhood, and even seasoned mercenaries could not ignore his skills. However, the fight never started.

“Would you like to stay silent?”

The mercenary captain blew a whistle.

“Kuak!?”

A piercing pain shot through his stomach, and Tarki slumped forward. The sword fell from his hand and rolled away.

“Now, now, let us calm down.”

“T-this…”

Tarki’s face was drenched in a cold sweat. He had been fine when pierced by the dagger but was now in indescribable pain.

“The spider in your stomach just bit the flesh inside.”

“What?”

“If you don’t listen to me, the spider will lay eggs in your stomach. Ah, I have seen the body of someone who died from that, and it was quite gruesome. Even I had to drown in a drink to forget what I saw then.”

“What are you even saying when you were the one who stabbed me? No, before even that, what is this? What magic is this? Is this Kurt magic? Something related to spiders?”

“I just got it from a passing witch. I don’t know about the other things.”

“B-bullshit!”

“Oh, now, be careful with your words.”

The mercenary captain blew his whistle again.

“Kuaaak!”

Tarki trembled in pain and rolled on the ground.





The Noble Tribe's Result 3


“Uh?”

“C-captain?”

The mercenaries looked at him in horror, wondering if this man was really their captain. The face of the captain, however, became stiff.

“W-what do you want from me?”

“I want you to find the person who came from the previous village and looted things that were mine.”

The mercenary captain smiled as he said this, but his eyes shone viciously.

“To do that in my name? Then….”

The King’s Church would seek to punish Tarki and his father, Count Casel. Perhaps King Korassar himself would drop the hammer.

“It is fine. I just need to quickly find my things before this situation gets worse. Moreover…. Isn’t your father full of thoughts of rebelling against the king anyway? So, you must be looking for the book for that reason.”

“….”

“This method is good for finding my belongings, but it will also be good for finding the book. Otherwise we….”

He blew the whistle again, and Tarki had no choice but to crumple down while clutching his stomach. The pain of flesh being eaten from the inside was too much.

“Kuak! F-fine! Let us do it!”

The pain was so intense that Tarki immediately gave in to alleviate it.

“Fine then, young master. Let us do this together.”

The mercenary captain stretched his hand to Tarki with a smile, perhaps looking to confirm the newly established master and servant relationship. Tarki had no choice but to hold that hand.



* * *



“Hmm?”

Azadine, who stood atop a tree to watch the mercenaries from a distance, felt a strange sensation.

“I guess it would be impossible to get any closer than this?”

The attitude of Tarki and his mercenaries had changed. They had taken out their weapons and were further sharpening them.

They cut down the trees around to make them into arrows, wiped off the rust of their swords, sharpened them, touched up their armor, and did other checks. They were also preparing food.

They were about to eat a proper meal and utilize well-groomed weapons. In other words, it seemed like they were preparing for something major.

Even so, their scouting was thorough. If one only watched them halfway, this side could end up quite exposed.

“You shouldn’t approach them with the sun up. They are pretty skilled, right? There are guards posted at every corner approaching the mercenary camp.”

Mediam, too, made her judgment as she saw the mercenaries preparing for war.

“Then what are you going to do now? Let’s keep an eye on them. Will you go away and come back at night?”

“No, we should probably head to the village first.”

“Uh?”

“Maybe they are planning to raid the village.”

“But that village down there has people, right? Aren’t most of them adults?”

It was a village of over 500 families. This would be called a decent-sized city in the north, where the population was low. The King’s Church would be quite enraged if a mercenary group tried to plunder this place.

Mediam and Ismail thought this, but Azadine knew something that they didn’t.

‘They had a bone staff made using Kurt magic. If they had looked at the supplies, they’d see that it wasn’t just the loot, but there were a few items from members of the Kurt clan.’

If there had just been one clan, that person would have kept the bone staff on their body instead of the supplies. In other words, it was clear that the Kurt magic tool was being used by someone who could manage and touch the mercenary supplies at will.

‘Looking at the staff’s performance and the magic imbued in it, their purpose is likely to find the magic book? But now that the staff is gone, if a Kurt clan member is there, they will reveal their true colors soon.’

With this information that his companions didn’t know of, Azadine deduced that the mercenary group would move to occupy the nearby village.

The village was located near where all the roads in the area merged and were also the best location to check any passing people. Above all, the member of the Kurt clan would have no reason to hide anymore since their bone staff was lost. They would be trying to salvage the situation.

“I have a good reason to act, so let us avoid the mercenaries and head to the village first.”

Azadine hurried to move without telling them of the staff.



* * *



The sun was slowly moving to the west.

Azadine once again pretended to be blind this time and went through the gate without difficulty and entered the village.

Since he appeared blind, he wasn’t considered a dangerous person. Besides, the people of Hubris believed in an afterlife. If they saw a blind pilgrim, they would treat them kindly since it was a chance to attain karma.

There was a market in the village at the moment, and various caravans were being set up with wagons and camps spread in an empty lot near the village’s entrance.

“Ah, that is?”

“The Korasar Peddler Guild has arrived. That’s good.”

The children were delighted to see the guild flag.

The Korasar Peddler Guild originally started as an association of small merchants that traveled using backpacks. Now, however, the merchants had more funds, and the guild had become prosperous within Korassar in terms of financial strength and organizational power.

This particular guild was also one of the fronts run by the Messenger Clan, the people of Aragasa.

“Hmm. If it is the peddlers…”

Azadine wore a bitter smile as he headed for a wagon.



* * *



The caravan of the Korasar Peddler Guild was encircled by five wagons. It was as if it was a bison herd defending its children.

When they camped in the plains, it was a defensive formation that used the wagons as barriers. A large encampment was set up in the middle of it while the wagons that faced outside became stores that served the people.

Outside of the store, people were performing acrobats to engage the customers. Both the performer and the store clerk were of the Messenger Clan.

The two noticed Azadine as he approached them, and they laughed.

“No, what is this now?”

“Isn’t he the famous 108th, Azadine?”

“Hehehehe.”

“You didn’t know that he’s been acting as a messenger for around 3 months now?”

“…”

Azadine sighed.

It was always the same. From the point of view of the Messenger Clan, they couldn’t bear to see Azadine, the son of the traitor Acre, forget about how he ruined their chances.

On such topics, everyone would speak for Arael as if they were willing to take their hearts out. She had proven her strength, beauty, and talent.

In the past, a man had his jaw broken for acting sarcastically toward Arael. She made sure that any who challenged her would be made to pay the price. Azadine did not.

Eventually, all of the abuse was heaped upon him. Now that Mediam and Ismail followed him, they were being laughed at even more.

“Ah, he even has servants? Right, you are good at juggling?”

“Enough. These kids aren’t with me.”

“Oh, they aren’t?”

“Right. Still, since we are in the clan, place a pair of horseshoes for the goat. Can you do that much?”

“Sure. Whose order will it be?”

“Under the recommendation of Elder Kazas, despite having failed basic training, this person became a messenger without any formal procedures. How could we ignore the orders of such a person?”

Everyone was speaking with knives in their words, but Azadine took out a silver candlestick from the saddlebag that was on his goat.

“Change this into money. And can you pass them on if you have some blue steel nibs?”

“Ohhh. Seems like you brought something pricey?”

“Where did you steal this from? A messenger should have pride.”

“…”

Azadine could deal with sarcasm, but this was still too much. The children looked at each other. They knew that Azadine was hated by members of the Messenger Clan, but this was definitely too much.

These merchant guilds were originally made by the clan to support the messengers.

Of course, there were some changes in the relationship between host and guest nowadays. However, it would still be the mission of the Kosarar Peddler Guild to support a messenger with goods, funds, and shelter.

But these people didn’t seem to like this arrangement.

“I need to change clothes. And can you do some laundry?”

Azadine handed over his clothes to them and took a change of clothes. But what he received was women’s clothing.

“What are you doing?”

“We don’t have any other clothing. Just wear it, okay?”

“Well, isn’t that quite obvious? Hehehe.”

“Sigh. Do not do childish things. I am not doing anything to you because I am exhausted from working. More than anything else, I will continue to be indebted to your guild, so I do not want to hold bad feelings for the organization just because of some half-assed bastards.”

Azadine sighed and returned the clothes.

“What was that?”

“Just because we are letting you speak, are you asking us to wear women’s clothes then? Are you insulting us?”

“You made us into half-assed workers. Are you insulting us?”

They were only returning the insults that had been thrown at them. Yet it was clear that they only cared about speaking the insults, not how Azadine would feel about it.

“This bastard was lucky enough to be a messenger with a recommendation from Elder Kazas…”

“Why did you become a messenger when we are servants?”

“You are the one who failed to pass through basic training! But do you think it is fair for you to be a messenger?”

It seemed that the employees of this guild were Azadine’s training mates.

Those who had seen Azadine fall behind without receiving basic training within the Messenger Clan were clearly dissatisfied. They were displeased that Azadine had become a messenger when they couldn’t.

Mediam, who was watching the scene, then asked.

“If you feel this is unfair, why don’t you challenge him to a duel?”

“Duel? Did this kid say this? Are you talking to us now?”

“Do you want to get scolded first?”

Everyone looked at Mediam with stern faces, but she was unconcerned.

“It seems that none of you have any intention of taking the risk of a duel. Instead, you’re all just chatting behind his back in the dark.”

Azadine heard this and smiled.

‘The risk of a duel? That sounds good, but that’s not what you are saying, right?’

Indeed, when the duel was mentioned, his peers simply sneered.

“Kuak. I wasn’t even planning on dueling Azadine.”

“If we beat this guy, don’t we become messengers? Isn’t that it?”

“The question is, which of us will go first? Doesn’t the first one have the advantage? Hehehe.”

Everyone looked at Azadine as if he was an easy target. Seeing this, Mediam laughed.

“Ah, is that so?”

At that moment…

Mediam made her move.





Astra Follower 1


-Srng!

Mediam pulled out her dagger and vanished before their eyes using the Mistletoe Technique.

She climbed onto the back of one of Azadine’s peers in an instant and pointed her blade at his neck.

“What?!”

“You…”

Everyone, including Azadine, was shocked at her boldness.

‘I knew she was going to do something, but I didn’t think she would go this far!’

While everyone was flustered, Mediam’s young voice rang out clearly.

“Yah, how dare you servants dare to keep acting sarcastic to the messenger?”

“N-No, this little girl?”

At that moment, Mediam’s blade moved slightly.

-Swish!

Blood flowed from the lightly cut skin.

“Little girl? Can you not understand the situation? I am of the Ethar Clan. How dare a servant make such funny sounds?”

“Ah…”

“What? Do you dislike the messenger? Then try this before insulting him. If you win, you might become a messenger, right? Why aren’t you taking on the challenge in earnest instead of trying to insult him by being sarcastic? What? Do you want to set an order amongst yourself? Don’t make me laugh. Does being a messenger look easy?”

The members of the peddlers guild were quite flustered at Mediam’s aggressiveness. It looked as if she was ready to kill.

Mediam’s words were, strictly speaking, correct. A messenger was at the top of the clan’s hierarchy, and this group was one that was created to assist them. It was an organization that was created to gather information and money.

However, those who ran the guild’s operations had a different idea. After all, the Emperor was dead, and the messengers were forced to act because of a curse that no longer had meaning. The important thing was money and the social credit that could be obtained through it.

In any organization, those who earned money would eventually become the leader. Still, those within the society didn’t ignore the messengers. Azadine was simply an exception. However, Mediam’s words were still on point.

“What is your mission? Is your mission not to support the Emperor’s messengers for the clan’s sake? Then why are you insulting a messenger as if they meant nothing? Is this how you perform your mission?”

“No, that….”

“If you dislike Azadine but aren’t confident enough to challenge him, don’t act out. Just smile pleasantly like the people of Hubris when they do business. Can you even do that? If you can’t, you aren’t good enough to even be a servant. Go farm in Sanctuary or just die at my hands now. You’re not a messenger but a child who doesn’t know what’s right. All your dreams are just in vain!”

Mediam snorted in derision, removed her blade from his neck, and walked back towards Azadine before they realized.

“Euk….”

“Damn it.”

Azadine’s former peers, who had returned to their senses, considered whether or not to retaliate against her, but…

“Yah. She’s… Ethar.”

“Right?”

“Shit. Someone in our position can’t touch anyone from the Ethar.”

“Huh.”

Azadine’s peers forced down their anger as they realized Mediam’s status as a member of the Ethar Clan.

“Here is a cloak. How about using this?”

Mediam, while ignoring Azadine’s motives, picked up a cloak for sale at the caravan.

“Let’s do that.”

Azadine accepted the cloak and headed towards the bath at the back of the caravan.



* * *



“Azadine is here?”

At the southern side of the Korasar Peddler Guild caravan was a man named Derek, who was their leader.

In the past, he had attacked Arael, a promising clan member, and was injured when she responded. His ankle, in particular, had been fractured, and he couldn’t move normally even after it was healed, making it impossible for him to function as a messenger.

Because of that incident, the clan elders sent Derek away as an adopted son to a merchant family. They made him step back as a messenger. They did this since they considered him no longer qualified to carry out the duties of a messenger.

It was a humiliating punishment but also a lenient one at the same time.

There were arguments between messengers that no one in the clan would touch, even if there was a reason. Derek’s attack on Arael had been for personal reasons. Since he was defeated fairly, he couldn’t say anything even if he had died.

However, thanks to the Savan family’s support, Derek could continue to live by transitioning from a messenger to a merchant.

“Yes. Azadine came and requested a simple maintenance.”

“Deal with it. Helping messengers is the mission of our organization.”

“Is that alright? This is the man who ignored all the procedures and was made a messenger just 3 months ago. Everyone hates him.”

“It’s fine. Besides, he won’t stay as a messenger for a long time, right? Didn’t a daughter of the Ethar clan apply to become his servant? A duel would inevitably happen there. Must have been a bold child? Did she want to set a record by becoming a messenger at 13 like Arael?”

Derek laughed slyly.

A record similar to that of Arael’s would be set by Azadine. But this time, Azadine would be on the receiving end.

If that happened, a very pleasant scene would happen for Derek, who hated Arael. However, the servant reporting to him was in a state of shock.

“B-But you see.”

“What?”

“That same daughter of the Ethar clan caused some havoc around the barracks.”

“Caused havoc? For what?”

“I heard that when some of Azadine’s peers were insulting him, she threatened to cut their throats?”

“What?”

Derek groaned when he heard this. It was clear what the situation implied. The daughter of Ethar, Mediam, was Azadine’s servant.

“Hmm? I heard he was incompetent, but he defeated someone from the Ethar Clan? Or has she not challenged him to a duel? Perhaps she’s waiting to confirm his skills?”

Derek tried to understand her intentions.

A brave girl who had come to win a position as a messenger through a duel. From Derek’s point of view, Mediam was an arrogant girl who could defeat Azadine.

No matter how much Azadine was hated by the Messenger Clan, a messenger for the Emperor needed to be respected. For a young girl who had just finished training to challenge a messenger… was an act that could harm the clan’s hierarchy. The elders, naturally, would disapprove.

Derek, however, had actively helped her. If Azadine lost to Mediam, then his disgrace would also disgrace Arael.

But to think that she was working for Azadine.

“Perhaps it is simply too insane of an idea to challenge him to a duel, so she is observing the situation first? Or maybe she likes him, I don’t know. Besides, she’s a person who can become a messenger once the summer comes.”

“Right? Hmm. I thought she was a fool with no thoughts, but she must have recognized something. What is Azadine doing?”

“Taking a bath.”

“Really? Then ask if he would like to have dinner together and invite him to my table.”

“I understand.”

The man left to relay Derek’s words to Azadine.



* * *



The caravan campsite was made up of several tents. Azadine placed a bathtub between two of them and took a bath.

Azadine handed over his clothes to the servants and soaked in the tub.

“Excuse me, Azadine?”

A servant had arrived. Due to the polite tone, it seemed like he wasn’t Aragasa but was just an employee.

“What is it?”

“Mr. Derek wants to have dinner with you.”

“Derek? Alright. I do have something to say to him.”

Azadine agreed to the meal with Derek. When he arrived, Derek was eating in a fancy tent at the center of the caravan.

“Wasn’t it an invitation for dinner? Not even waiting until the guest arrived.”

Azadine was slightly taken aback at seeing that Derek was already eating.

“Um. I eat early. Why don’t you take a seat?”

Derek wiped his mouth and invited Azadine. This, too, was a stone being thrown. Azadine sighed at how openly Derek was insulting him.

“Derek.”

“Endure it. Your servant attacked a member of our guild, right? Did she touch them knowing that they were employees of the Savan family?”

This was the problem.

Obviously, for a messenger family, the role of a messenger was a priority. It was a position that transcended blood.

In other words, it was an official position beyond social classes and an appointment based on the system and skills.

But for the bloodlines of the five founders and those working for them, the focus had shifted slightly towards money and power. They prioritized their own authority over the honor of the messenger.

The problem was that if one ignored this, the backlash would be extremely strong.

“Fine. Mediam indeed was rude today, so end the rudeness with me.”

Actually, Mediam wasn’t even his servant. Still, he decided to take responsibility for her as he put a spoon of food in his mouth.

“Now, get to that point already. I had to deal with ogres and goblins recently…”

“You did?”

“I got caught in a situation.”

Azadine placed the bone staff on the table.

“Have you ever seen this?”

“Ah, this.”

Derek nodded.

“Even if you couldn’t contact the chief, this was why I called you, Azadine. Members of the Kurt clan are looking for pieces of the magic book, Heavenly King’s Book of Truth… this is their tool for that..”

“I guess everyone knows now.”

“That’s right. You didn’t think you were the only one who knew and decided not to report it, right?”

“Would I enjoy reporting anything when the people are only eager to see me to insult me?”

“And you came here for something like that.”

“It was on the way.”

“Well, bringing the staff is a decently good thing. I will praise you for that. Did you get the book?”

“No, not from them.”

“Is that so? You speak as if you found it somewhere else.”

“Somewhere else? Did no other messenger find it yet?”

“….”

Derek’s eyes widened at Azadine’s words.

“What?”

“T-then you have it?”

“Just one page.”

Derek looked shocked as he said.

“W-where did you get it from?”

“Looking at your reaction, it seems like everyone is progressing slowly.”

“How and where did you get it?!”

“Inside a well in an abandoned frontier village.”

“Is that so? Damn it. You got one that easily?”

“It wasn’t so easy.”

If the spirits hadn’t guided him, he wouldn’t have been able to obtain this copy even if he had dug through the well. However, he wasn’t about to speak of the details here.

“Ah, you see, if I have it, I’ll get chased by those with this staff, right? If you are collecting the pieces, then you need to avoid being tracked.”

“Never mind that. If you have the copy of the book, hand it over.”

Derek asked Azadine to hand over the piece. However, Azadine found it odd how desperate Derek seemed.





Astra Follower 2


“Derek, do you have the authority?”

“What is that supposed to mean? Are you asking if I am going above my powers?”

“No, I think I should give it to the district chief. Besides, I saw some unruly ones on my way here.”

“Unruly ones?”

“It was one of Count Casel’s illegitimate sons. He also plundered the gateway village with a mercenary group. There are members of the Kurt clan in that group.”

“So you got scared of them and came running here?”

“It’s not like that. However, they will eventually attack.”

“Sigh. Is that how it is? Although I was a mess after your sister beat me, I am still a former messenger. Besides, your peers here are more than a match for average mercenary trash.”

“That’s right. Wouldn’t it be nice if rumors spread that people from the Korasar Peddler Guild can fight too?”

Azadine shrugged.

“I am not talking about that! Just hand it over to me now so we can fully protect it! Unless you want to undo a deed, you were lucky enough to get your hands on.”

“No, I don’t really want to hand it over to you, though? I’ll talk to the district chief later.”

“This brat… you are acting up! You can’t protect that with your skills! Haven’t you just been playing around for the past 3 months without doing anything befitting a messenger?”

Derek clearly held resentment for Azadine.

“No? I have been rescuing people here and there.”

“You foolish man! How can you say such a thing? We should destroy rival guilds and assassinate those who try to go after us! We should set fire to someone’s warehouse so that the market price of the goods we sell can be adjusted!”

“….”

It seemed like there was a large gap between Azadine and Derek’s perceptions of the duties of a messenger.

“I don’t know where we could start considering this difference of opinion. Anyway, I won’t hand it over to you.”

“You cheeky bastard. Aren’t you 2 years younger? How dare you say such words to me?”

Derek, after all, had to retire after being defeated by Arael. There was no way Azadine, a blood relative of Arael, would look good in front of him.

But since he was doing something like this…

However, just as Derek and Azadine began to raise their voices to push their own opinion, a commotion erupted.



* * *



The Post Village was under the rulership of Sir Jeran, a knight under the financial control of Count Salasma.

He was a 25-year-old son of a baron with territory nearby. Although he was in his prime, his father had shown no signs of dying. His mother had passed away when he was 15, and now that his father had a child with his second wife, Sir Jeran was becoming anxious.

Although he was still heir in name, he was worried that his father, who had fallen under his second wife’s sway, might force him into church service and pass the estate to his younger brother.

He had to work, work, and work some more to assuage this fear. So while he guarded the gates of this village, he took small bribes from the merchants passing by. Some tariffs were waived if he received a bribe, and the passage was made simple.

However, a young knight leading a group of mercenaries came at sunset. It was Tarki, the illegitimate son of Count Casel, and his mercenary troops.

“What? So heavily armed as well? There are too many of you. It is close to sunset, so please either rest in an inn outside or camp in an open field and come back tomorrow.”

Sir Jeran was being particularly picky, but he wasn’t wrong with his words.

But with that said, most travelers would simply offer bribes, and, as expected, Tarki gave him a bribe.

“Well, let’s not consider that and just take this.”

“Hehehe, Lord Tarki. This is troublesome. You are also a knight, after all.”

Wasn’t he also the illegitimate son of his current employer, the count?

“If we commit wrongdoing, won’t we both be sent to the King’s Church? Please consider this a situation where we’re both on the same side.”

“Hmm, if you say so.”

Sir Jeran accepted these words and allowed the group to enter the gate. The moment they entered, however.

Chak!

Blood splattered on the ground.

“Uh?”

Sir Jeran hurriedly tried to draw his sword in surprise, but the mercenary captain had drawn his twin swords and rushed in to slash at Sir Jeran’s head.

-Tun!

His eyes were intensely focused on the ground. A sense of numbness filled his body along with a dull pain, but Sir Jeran was still a knight. He grabbed the longsword with both hands, pushed forward, and stabbed through without removing the sheath.

The mercenary captain stepped back and raised his sword, aiming for Sir Jeran’s chin.

“Euk! You bastards!”

Sir Jeran succeeded in avoiding the attack and drew his sword. However, the mercenaries who had already entered the gate were attacking his soldiers.

Moreover…

Puak!

Tarki swung his longsword and slashed at Sir Jeran’s hamstrings behind his knee. The attack had been aimed at the folds of his armor, so Sir Jeran felt less than a minor tingle.

‘T-the ligament…’

The twin swords flashed once more and stabbed through the gap of Sir Jeran’s helmet, killing him.

“Look here! To be this reckless….”

Tarki was scared. He had only intended to detain Jeran, not kill him. But while he was incapacitating the man, the mercenary captain killed Sir Jeran.

This was a fairly large town, but to attack the gateway and kill the knight guarding it? Was he insane?

If one committed such an unlawful act, they would be considered traitors and could be killed by any who noticed. This wasn’t a territorial war or a duel for honor but just a reasonless assault?

“You did well, young master. Quite talented.”

“Are you insane? Like this…”

Tarki also looked like a traitor.

“Take it easy. Shouldn’t there be a lot of distance we need to cover and loot? You will be making a huge fortune.”

The mercenary captain laughed meanly. They could see a full campsite near the entrance to the gate.

“Merchants. If you want to start looting, that should be the place, but…”

What the mercenary captain wanted was control of the gateway. Now that he had lost the staff needed to find the magic book, he needed to take control of this land.

“First, let’s kill the station attendant and seize it. You don’t have to engage with the merchant guards immediately to loot them. It is important to get control of the town first.”

“It is impossible for us to do it alone! We managed to take this gate by surprise, but there are three more!”

“Don’t rush it. We have more power to do it.”

The mercenary captain said this and spread his hands. Something similar to a black spot began to shine on his hand.

“What is that?”

“A spider.”

Tiny spiders were clinging together on his hand, and he blew the spiders to send them toward his men.

“Uh?”

“Eik!?”

“Get them off me!”

The mercenaries were startled and tried to avoid them. Still, the spiders the mercenary captain sent their way made contact as they danced through the air.

“What?”

“A t-thread is connected?”

At that moment, they realized that there were threads connecting their bodies. That wasn’t all, either.

“Uh?”

“When?”

They noticed that these small spiders were the size of millet grains and were releasing something from their bodies. That something was going around their armpits and groin.

It wasn’t the spider that the captain had sent to them. Many more were already within their bodies.

“You won’t be able to shake them off. In fact, they’ve all grown up by feeding on your blood and flesh for a long time.”

“Euk?!”

“S-save me!”

The mercenaries became terrified and tried to remove the spiders from their bodies. However, the spiders continued to appear from their hair and around their bodies. Didn’t they realize that these things were buried under their skin?

When the spiders touched the ground, they began to glow a soft green. It was as if the spider that the captain sent out was sharing its light.

The spiders that had emerged from the mercenaries’ bodies were shining green and then began to enter their bodies once more.

“AH!?”

“It doesn’t hurt?”

“I told you. Those spiders have grown up on your flesh and blood for a long time. These spiders are a part of you. And with this…”

The captain kicked a corpse on the ground and lifted it up. It was a soldier who had guarded the gate.

Kicking a corpse and lifting it off the ground was impossible for normal humans. The corpse also wore armor, so the weight should have been staggering.

Even so, he kicked the corpse up until his head height, as if kicking a small ball.

The twin swords flashed, and he dismembered the body. This man was clearly a monster.

“Now you guys can do this much.”

“Uh….”

“Such strength.”

The mercenaries were shocked as they felt their bodies overflow with power.

“Right?”

“Yes.”

“R-right, but…”

“Do you want to resist it? That would feel nice too.”

When the mercenary captain blew his whistle, the mercenaries were shocked by the pain coursing through their body.

“Kuak!?”

“H-Hurts!”

“S-save me!”

“Now, do you get it?”

When the captain stopped whistling, the pain vanished.

“Your life is in my hands. Let go now and subdue the station attendant quickly. Some of you split up and take down the other gates….”

The captain divided their roles and gave them instructions for this raid. Tarki, who saw this, clicked his tongue.

“Now I see you are of the Kurt clan.”

“Ah, you must be so clever to realize it now.”

“Ugh.”

“Now let us cooperate. You don’t want to be dragged into the church, right? Take care of the money around the limit and get revenge on the Count who abandoned and insulted you. I would like to get my hands on a copy of that book. Isn’t it nice to help each other? Anyway…”

When the captain whistled, Tarki felt a pain surge in his stomach.

“Ackk!”

“You don’t have a choice here. The Kurt isn’t the only threat around here. Actually, we are more flexible than the King’s Church.”

“Kuak… you bastard!”

Tarki was irate at this, but now that the spider had gone into his body, he could do nothing.



* * *



“What in the world is this? This is a mess!”

Azadine climbed up the ladder and looked around atop the wagon.

“The east gate was captured. They are here.”

As Azadine expected, the mercenary group infiltrated by the Kurt clan had come to raid the town.





Astra Follower 3


“Are they the mercenaries you spoke of?”

Derek frowned.

“It looks like they are trying to enter the village, take over, and plunder. Which means….”

They haven’t realized who stole their staff. That was why it was clear that they wanted to dominate the town to thoroughly investigate it.

“There aren’t many of them, but they managed to break through the gate? Isn’t this a bit shocking? If not… did the Heavenly King’s blood awaken in the count’s illegitimate son?”

“I don’t think so.”

“Then it has to be the Kurt clan. They attacked the town because they assumed they had a good chance of winning, right? Then you should probably escape now.”

Derek spoke calmly.

As expected of a former messenger. Although he was forced to retire because of his defeat against Arael, he had excellent judgment.

“Then I will act separately.”

“No, before that… hand over the paper.”

“No.”

“Do you think I will steal your merit?”

“Yes.”

“…”

“Well, there is that… If you take the copy of the book, wouldn’t you become a target for those who use tracking magic??”

“That’s not a problem.”

“Not a problem, you say? You will fight, then? The merchants of the Korasar Peddler Guild showed their true colors. If those kinds of rumors spread, the merchant guild you worked so hard to build would crumble. Am I wrong?”

In the caravan at the moment were two former messengers, Derek himself, and two people who had finished their training.

However, the guild they were a part of now was a merchants guild. There was no reason for them to show that they were able to fight. Even more, if they showed that they were related to the Messenger Clan, it would only result in damages for them. The guild had spent an immense effort to rise to this level.

“You.”

Derek was furious at Azadine’s words because he was right.

If he received the book now, there was a chance that his men would have to fight. This would inevitably lead to the identity of his guild becoming exposed.

“I will serve as bait, so do not worry too much.”

Azadine said this and headed down to where the servants were walking around.

“It hasn’t been long since I dropped off my laundry, so I need new clothes. I’ll just take them, alright?”

While Azadine was packing his equipment, Mediam and Ismail brought over their goats, who had received new horseshoes.

“What is happening? I was having a good rest.”

“You two, get your food from the table in that tent.”

Azadine pointed towards the tent where he and Derek had been eating.

“Food in this situation?”

“There are so many people starving to death in this world. You shouldn’t be taking food so lightly. Go take it.”

As Azadine said this, two armed men approached the wagons.

“Now, now, calm down, everyone! We cannot allow you to leave the village!”

“If you stay still, nothing will happen. Everyone calm down, please.”

Despite trying to speak calmly, the two men carried a mace and longsword.

‘No, they’re acting like this?’

Azadine knew how many mercenaries were under Tarki’s command.

They had conscripted a few youths from some villages and bulked up their numbers, but there were only around 20 of them. It was strange to send troops out to subdue the caravans when they should be taking over the gates.

Besides, just two of them?

Unsurprisingly, the merchants of the guild fought back.

“Yah! I will handle it.”

“Okay.”

Guards from the other merchant groups surrounded the mercenaries.

“Did you think merchants would be able to avoid conflict? Do not make me laugh.”

“How amusing, you bastards attacked the gate! We can kill you right now!”

The merchant guards attacked the mercenaries.

It was five against two.

By the numbers, who would win was clear, but then something unexpected happened.

Puak!

The guards who were attacking were blown away. The mercenaries swung their weapons, and when the weapons clashed, the steel became bent, and the guards flew through the air.

“Ah, this.”

“No weapon can withstand this power.”

The mercenaries threw away their broken sword and mace, took new weapons from the fallen guards, and attacked the rest of them.

“W-wait!”

“I surrender!”

“Ack!”

Even the guards who surrendered and begged for their lives were killed instantly.

“Eik?!”

“O-Oh my!”

The merchants had gone out for the confrontation without much thought. The mercenaries simply laughed.

“Relax now. We will not kill the merchants.”

“Yes, but um…”

“Uh.”

The mercenaries, who had been talking, suddenly stood blankly. Their eyes lost focus as they looked into the air before turning to the fallen corpses.

“What is it?”

“… I feel hungry.”

They fell to the ground, crawled to the corpses on all fours, and jumped

And…

Bite!

They began to consume the bodies.

“Kuaaauk!”

The screams of the women in the merchant caravan filled the air.



* * *



Screams began to come from all around the town.

The mercenaries, who had spiders implanted in their bodies, possessed terrifying strength and could slaughter the soldiers instantly. However, none of them could overcome their hunger and began consuming humans.

They had first jumped on the corpses and bit off flesh from there, but then they began to consume more and more as their hunger became unbearable. The amount of meat consumed meant that a normal human mouth could not handle its texture.

The moment they realized this, the mercenaries began to transform. Their bodies changed as two legs with sharp claws grew from them. New long legs, resembling an exoskeleton, grew from their backs to make it easier for them to tear apart the corpses and consume them.

Their jaws split open to make their mouths wider. Sharp teeth also began to grow, allowing them to chew and swallow meat more quickly. A greater sense of hunger then also rose from within.

“Meat….”

“More meat!”

They looked around for things to sate their cravings for meat as their eyes slowly transformed into that of a spider’s.



* * *



“Eik…”

The merchants were frozen in fear as the humans in front of their eyes began to transform into abominations. The two mercenaries had transformed into hideous monsters before anyone could realize it, and they were now consuming the corpses.

“I will use this.”

Seeing this, Azadine picked up a javelin and threw it.

Puak!

It penetrated through the spine of one of the mercenaries preoccupied with consuming the corpses. It was a shocking injury that should cause instant death to the target as it tore apart the nervous system.

But this mercenary didn’t die.

“What is that?”

Even with a spear stuck in them, the mercenary reacted as if it hadn’t hurt much and pulled out the spear with his hand. Countless spiders began to crawl around and filled the wound.

“Who are you?”

The mercenary was so preoccupied that he didn’t even mention the javelin that had been thrown. No, even if he did see it, he couldn’t see Azadine.

As soon as Azadine had thrown the javelin, he had turned to hide behind the wagons.

“It’s the descendant of Astra, the Spider Queen of the Kurt Clan.”

Derek gave this warning to Azadine as he moved behind the wagon.

“I realize that now since they look like spiders. You stay still, Derek. Pretend to be a helpless merchant.”

Azadine replied to the warning and began moving from wagon to wagon.

“Their bodies are no different from corpses now. Those small spiders are making up their nervous system through magic. Be careful, Azadine. Even though you are a loser, you are still Aragasa’s 108th messenger.”

Your failure would disgrace the clan.

That was what Derek meant.

“Don’t mention it!”

Azadine picked up a roll of cloth from a nearby wagon, stood on the roof of a wagon, and then jumped down. He spread the cloth in the air, attacked the two mercenaries, and…

“Huh!”

He hit the ground with both legs and landed his attack on the cloth.

A high shot, followed by a low shout.

Pung!

A sound akin to an explosion filled the air.

The mercenaries could not ignore this attack from Azadine. Even if they were spiders, Azadine’s attack had been done using the cloth as a medium and had hit their whole body equally.

But that wasn’t enough.

Chak!

New arms and spider legs began to grow from their bodies and pierced the cloth as they aimed for Azadine.

Azadine was forced to back away, but the mercenaries began moving and tore away the cloth on them.

“This is bad.”

Azadine mumbled.

“Here!”

Mediam quickly pulled out a torch from a wagon and threw it. At that moment, the mercenaries screamed in pain from the heat as the tiny spiders were vulnerable to flame. The small bugs could be burnt thoroughly with just a little heat.

‘I know, but it isn’t that easy to just light a fire.’

The merchant wagons formed a wall in this caravan camp. If one caught on fire, it would become a mess. As Azadine hesitated, Ismail brought out several more torches and threw them after lighting them.

“Kuaaaak!”

“Ack! What is this!”

The mercenaries panicked and tried to escape, but Azadine forced them closer.

“Go there and stay warm.”

The spiders tried to escape the mercenaries’ bodies as they were shocked by the heat, leaving their safe house and food source in their panic.

However, if they tried to hide inside another body, they would dig into the flesh of a human who had not yet mutated, causing rejection and pain.

“How is it? Are we worth it?”

Mediam asked Azadine.

“It isn’t over yet, be careful.”

Saying this, Azadine set a torn piece of cloth on fire. The other merchants had brought something to burn and threw them. Meanwhile, they were also digging the ground with shovels and gathered sand to smother the flame from spreading more.

In the end, the two mercenaries burned up without much struggle.

“Urgh, what is this?”

The merchants were horrified at the sight of the burned-up monsters. Humans with spider legs growing from their backs were burning. It was a horrifying sight to witness.

“But who are you? Uh?”

When the merchants turned to question Azadine, he had already vanished.

“W-what?”

“Such strange people.”



* * *



“What about my help? Was it right on time? You don’t have to thank me. Whenever I…”

As Mediam followed him with a smile, Azadine gave her praise.

“Good job. After all, we are people who met in the town of Manita.”

“That again. Can’t you just accept me as your servant now?”





Astra Follower 4


Azadine snorted at Mediam’s request.

“If I take you in as a servant, what happened here today becomes my responsibility. You beat them up despite being a servant. You probably didn’t know the Savan family was behind them, right? Are you trying to draw me into a confrontation with the Savan family?”

“N-No, it isn’t like that.”

Mediam was shocked when Azadine questioned her in return.

“I just couldn’t stand it when they insulted you like that.”

“Sure, and I do thank you for that. However, for me to remain grateful, you cannot become my servant. I would be thankful if you beat them up as Mediam of the Ethar. However, if you were my servant, I would need to discipline you. Should I hit you on the cheek?”

“Euk, that is too much. Why are you so kind to the people of Hubris and are like this to me?”

“Because you aren’t a civilian?”

Azadine then stopped as the Emperor’s Voice spoke to him.

[A petitioner appeared but…]

“Dead? Which direction?”

[West. Ah, they just breathed their last breath.]

“Damn it.”

Azadine ran towards the west gate and looked around. A terrible massacre had happened there. The soldiers had been torn apart, and the monster mercenaries were eating the corpses.

“GRRR!?”

“Meat!?”

The mercenaries had transformed into monsters with four spider legs.

“The ones before only had two legs.”

“Looks like they change over time.”

Azadine took his cloak off and wrapped it around his arm.

“You two, prepare the fire.”

Azadine gave the children their orders and walked forward.

“Grrr!”

The mercenary, who had transformed into a spider monster, attacked him. However, the moment he entered Azadine’s range, the monster was kicked in the chin.

Puak!

It was so quick that it only seemed like a blur of shadows. The mercenary’s neck was broken, and its body rolled back. The vertebrae were visibly broken, severing the nerves and sending the body into convulsions.

This attack, however, was slightly challenging for Azadine. Since he had exerted a burst of power, the speed of his attack was quick, but his body could not control it.

The other spider monsters approached.

“Huh!”

Azadine pulled out his curved blade and swung it, making it seem like a leaf falling from above.

Chak!

The spider monster’s arms and legs were served, splattering blood everywhere. Once Azadine returned to the ground, he rolled away to avoid the blood.

He had defeated two of the mercenaries who had transformed into monsters in an instant.

“Kuak!”

“Grrrk…”

The mercenaries slowly stood back up.

While their necks were broken, the infested spiders replaced the broken parts, including the nervous systems. The one with hacked-off limbs had been forcefully stopped from bleeding by those spiders.

Both monsters were still moving despite the extent of the wounds on their body.

“It looks like they could be cut into pieces.”

Azadine glanced at them, took his blade out again, and swung it again. His blade was slowly being chipped away. It was the price for cutting off the limbs of a spider monster with a single slash.

“Hmm.”

Azadine reversed the blade and gripped it again.

“Kuak!”

“Kuack!”

The spider mercenaries rushed towards him again. Azadine held his weapon and swung toward the legs as he lowered his stance and moved.

-Twilight!

His body blurred, and he quickly passed between the spider mercenaries.

One of the spider mercenaries was bisected at the waist and cut in two. The other was also cut in half, but his sword broke inside his body and became stuck.

“This was a good blade… but ended up breaking here.”

Azadine grabbed the half-broken blade and clicked his tongue.

The mercenary who had been bisected continued to wriggle and crawl on the ground. Still, the wound was too large, and he eventually died. However, the other one with the blade stuck in his torso ignored the wound and jumped at Azadine.

At that moment, an arrow flew past him and hit the monster.

-Thunderbolt!

Electric sparks flew and fried the spiders in an instant.

“Kyaak!”

The mercenary struggled as he fell to the ground, unable to get back up.

“As I thought! I thought that if they were weak to fire, they should be weak against electricity! Because the spiders are small…”

Mediam began to speak but felt dizzy and stumbled. As she was about to fall, Ismail tried to catch her, but Azadine was faster.

Azadine raised his foot to brace Mediam to stop her from collapsing. It was as if he was supporting a rotting door.

“Be careful. Flower Bird Wind Moon is a colorless magic. Lightning, like magic which creates electricity, is too inefficient. Just because it is in a magic book doesn’t mean you can use it. Still, it is impressive to use Thunderbolt at your age. Indeed, as expected of an Ethar, admirable.”

“!”

When Mediam heard this phrase, she shrugged.

“Right? There aren’t many people my age who can use it. With this beauty and talent, even when I think about myself… I have to say that I am a sinful woman.”

“Get some rest. Your head hurts from using too much magic.”

Azadine praised Mediam and then picked up the weapons that had fallen on the ground.

“Should we burn the spider?”

Azadine gathered a handful of hay, sprinkled them on the corpses, and lit them on fire with the torch. The hay burned instantly, leaving only soot behind while the corpses burnt.

“This kind of handling is great, but what if there are many enemies at once?”

Ismail asked coldly.

It was fine since there were only two, but what if there were more?

Azadine couldn’t use magic, so there was a limit to how much he could do alone.

Wasn’t this a situation where Azadine was more in need of servants who could use magic?

“Just stop it and accept…”

“I try to do as much as I can. Well, the people I met in Manita Town wouldn’t ignore me, would they?”

Azadine still refused to answer them as servants until the end and continued to gather weapons from the ground.

These weapons, too, were in poor condition. The mercenaries had damaged them due to their monstrous strength after being contaminated by the Kurt tribe spiders.

“An axe or halberd would be better.”

Azadine grabbed the weapons and headed for the western gate.



* * *



The western gate had descended further into a scene of slaughter. Once the mercenaries saw blood, they could not control their excitement and began slaughtering and consuming humans indiscriminately.

The more they did this, the faster the mutation took hold. Before they realized it, six spider legs had sprouted from their backs.

The mercenary captain and Tarki were watching them.

“Is this fine? You said you were looking for the book? Then some more…”

Tarki questioned the mercenary captain and waited for an answer.

“Hmm. It is a little different from what I expected… but it is going well.”

“It’s going well!? Look here, there is no way the person with the book would come to the village now, right? Wouldn’t people come only when things look peaceful from the outside?”

“The bodies just have to be removed. We just need to eliminate the resistance quickly and clean up.”

As he said that, the mercenary captain passed by some corpses and noted a triangle drawn on the ground.

“What is this?”

“Triangle on the ground…”

Blood was smeared around the triangle, and the mercenaries were eating the corpses. Tarki then mumbled in surprise.

“Devil of Gold Coins?”

“If it is the Devil of the Gold Coin, is it the Emperor’s Messenger? The Messenger Clan?”

The mercenary captain tilted his head.

“Come to think of it, didn’t they say that the book was scattered around the world because of the Messenger Clan? They must be frantically looking for it… perhaps the Messenger Clan might have it.”

“Are you going to fight the Devil of the Gold Coin?”

Tarki asked in shock.

“Of course, come to think of it, there are a rare few aside from those people that could break into our camp, neatly steal our belongings, then run away. It is not the brainless action of a passing thief.”

The mercenary captain said this and then kicked his subordinate, who was eating the corpse. The mercenary screamed and rolled away.

“Let’s see. No gold coins. Did you use it? If you did, that is fine. A messenger will come.”

The captain laughed.

“If you know when the enemy is coming, our side has the advantage. Shall we prepare a trap?”

But before he could finish his words, an arrow flew towards the mercenary captain’s head.

“This…”

The mercenary captain caught the arrow with his hand and blocked it easily.

“Funny. That was quick. Our movements were being watched after all.”

The mercenary captain threw away the arrow as another flew for his face.

“Can you not see that this is useless?”

The captain laughed and moved to catch the flying arrow. However, it was different this time. The arrows were slippier as it was coated in oil, making stopping them difficult.

Moreover, it was stronger than the first arrow. The first arrow had probably been shot weakly by design to distract him, while this second arrow was shot properly.

“Euk?!”

Puak!

The arrow slipped through and impacted the captain’s face. The spot between his brows and his eyeball shattered, causing both eyes to droop. The muscles tried to focus, but the inner eye muscles had been cut off.

At the same moment, a man with a falcon mask dashed in. Surprised, Tarki grabbed his sword, but…

‘Uh? But do I really have to protect these ones?’

Seeing Tarki hesitate, the man avoided him and jumped at the captain. A sword flashed and swung towards his head.

Crack!

However, only the blade flew away. Instead, spider legs sprouted from the mercenary captain’s chest, piercing his body.

“Ha, this is the Emperor’s Messenger? Fun.”

The mercenary captain launched his spider legs to the left and right. It was an attack meant to pierce the opponent apart.

But…

Tuk!

A spider leg fell to the ground.

“….”

He thought he had pierced the man’s chest, but the first clash had severed a spider leg instead. The leg that was severed lost its power and hung limply from his chest.

“You are quite funny too, Kurt clan.”

“This is.”

The mercenary captain withdrew his spider legs and pulled out his sword, but his opponent was faster. The falcon-masked man reached the hilt at the mercenary’s captain’s waist first and pulled his sword out with his other hand.

Check!

A single blow broke the captain’s jaw. However, instead of losing consciousness, the captain was fine as the spiders within his body reacted quickly.

“A monster!”

The captain was a monster, but he was still rather surprised by the messenger’s power. He gathered all his strength and reached out using his spider legs.

He sent two behind him to support his collapsing body while two shot forward in attack.

However, his foe had already vanished.





Astra Follower 5


“Uh!?”

-Mistletoe!

An attack landed on the enemy’s back.

“You bastard!”

The spider legs shot towards the target, but it didn’t reach.

“A spider cannot scratch their backs.”

The sword flashed along with the messenger’s sarcastic words.

Puak!

The mercenary captain’s head was blown off, and small spiders began to come out from where he had been cut to try and rebuild it. However, it was useless since the head had been cut away.

The Messenger Clan member, who had cut off the captain’s head with a single swing, leaned forward and trampled on the opponent with a cloak over the wound.

Puak!

When he stepped on the cloak, blood poured out and soaked it.

“Uh… eee.”

Tarki, who saw this happening, was shocked at how easily the man had killed the captain.

“Was this guy the leader? He didn’t lose his sanity despite becoming a spider. He must have been a fairly high-level Kurt clan member.”

He said this and then turned his head to look at Tarki, who didn’t lose his sanity either. Besides, the employer of the mercenaries was also suspicious.

“Ah, w-wait. I am…”

Srng

The sword that had killed the mercenary captain was not pointed at Tarki.

“Aren’t you a messenger? Then do not kill me, because… l-look at this!”

He hurriedly pulled a necklace from his pocket and shook the small leather pouch attached to it.

“Ah, you cannot see like this. Wait.”

Tarki pulled something out from inside the pouch.

A Gold Coin.

“…”

The messenger became silent.

“A-as I thought. My mother told me this! You can make a request to the Messenger Clan using the Emperor’s Gold Coin.”

“Even if you have a gold coin, it doesn’t matter if you don’t make a petition.”

“Ah, damn it! Fine.”

Tarki grumbled and tossed the gold coin into the triangle shape on the ground nearby. The gold coin disappeared, and a golden light shone inside the triangle.

The messenger sighed and sheathed his sword as he approached.

“H-How is that? I am your employer now, right?”

“The right word is petitioner, not an employer. So what is the content of your petition?”

“I was infected by that spider. Help me!”

“….”

The messenger sighed.

“Ah, this…”

[The petition has been accepted.]

The Emperor’s Voice announced this.



* * *



Azadine sighed.

“Why do I have to accept a petition from this piece of trash?”

“Trash is a bit too much.”

Tarki, who heard this, protested but then went silent when Azadine glared at him.

“Where did you get the Gold Coin?”

“My mother gave them to me.”

“And the mercenaries?”

“My mother hired….”

Tarki was an illegitimate child, but his mother came from a wealthy background.

When she heard that she would be officially brought into her husband’s family if she found a copy of the magic book, she hired mercenaries for Tarki and gave him some Emperor’s Gold Coins.

“Mother did this, mother did that. Is this what a man who plundered a village is saying? You are a child.”

“What? You bastard, how can you talk to your employer….”

Srng

Azadine’s blade moved past Tarki’s nose.

“Euk!?”

Tarki felt like his body could be cut as quickly as wool. He was like a literal piece of paper. Any more movement and his neck could be next.

“It is troublesome if you treat me like some servant just because you paid one coin. The Emperor’s Petition does not give you a slave in exchange for one coin, just protection.”

“T-then, what will you do?”

“Before that, are you unable to do magic?”

“Uh?”

“Your step-brother is Kozel, right?”

“You know Kozel?”

“Anyway. No matter how low your position is, if you are descended from the Eight Heavenly Kings, you can do magic to some extent, right? Ah, damn it.”

Azadine turned to see that the girl had followed him.

“Mediam.”

“Yes.”

“Thunderbolt. Weak. Please.”

“Uh, me?”

“Yes.”

Azadine had asked Tarki if he could use magic, but he himself could not.

‘I have some secret tricks, but even with those… it would be difficult to kill the spiders without harming the person.’

Therefore he had asked Mediam, but she was hesitating.

“I mean, as a fellow person from Manita Town, I can help you. However, don’t you think it’s a little too much to accept a gold coin contract that binds you?”

“…”

Mediam pointed out the part Azadine didn’t want her to say.

“R-right?”