
“Can you just not take me in as a servant? If you do that, then I will use Thunderbolt.”

Mediam was someone who knew how to target a person’s guilt. If he didn’t recognize her as a servant, she wouldn’t use Thunderbolt.

With that said, Azadine will have to think of something.

Whether or not he acknowledged her as a servant, just so she could use her magic.

Could he even refuse this now?

“Ergh, you two… What would you even do after becoming my servant? Fine. I accept you.”

“Ah, t-thank you! I will work hard!”

She cast her magic excitedly.



* * *



“Hmmm.”

Ismail groaned in pain. Every word and action that Mediam gave to Azadine made his heart hurt.

He didn’t feel much until now because Mediam hadn’t shown any interest in her peers.

Mediam had always been like that. She was never interested in those around her, her eyes locked toward the world beyond.

Which was why Ismail longed for her.

Arael was called the clan’s genius, but he had never seen her. Mediam was pretty, daring, and skillful. Above all, she had a right to challenge anyone because she was from the Ethar clan.

When Ismail was young, he would jump off waterfalls to get her attention. Still, she was indifferent to him.

However, she was pushing herself to Azadine now. When he saw that, it felt like he was falling a billion times.

“What is with him again?”

Azadine sighed while he looked at Ismail, who seemed unwell.



* * *



“Kuaaaal!”

Tarki, who was hit directly by Mediam’s Thunderbolt, fell down screaming as the dead spiders began to ooze out of his body.

As expected, the Thunderbolt could expel the spiders in his body. Even if his body hurt, it was better than dying to these spiders.

“Phew. It is quite difficult to control the power to not kill a person. Anyway, mission accomplished. Isn’t it great?”

Mediam said this to Azadine as she stumbled slightly. He moved in to support her.

“Are you fine? Sorry. Seems like I overworked you.”

“N-no. Some rest, and I will be fine. Daughters of Ethar aren’t so weak.”

Mediam chuckled and laid down.

“Then, since the petition is done, shall we kill him now?”

Ismail asked this, annoyed at seeing Mediam close and happy with Azadine.

“What, you brat? Euk!?”

Tarki was shocked at these words, but he was suffering from the aftereffects of Thunderbolt and felt no power in his limbs. Even if a child like this tried to kill him, he would have no choice but to die.

Besides, seeing that little girl use magic… even if his body was in good condition, he couldn’t fight back.

‘Isn’t this shocking? I cannot even be compared to them. I wonder if a Heavenly King Slayer could do this much.’

It was the same for the man that killed the mercenary captain… Tarki now realized that he had no way of fighting back.

“Ismail, don’t speak nonsense.”

“His petition was granted. Then can we not take his life now?”

“No. Once they become our petitioners, we do our best for them, even after we finish it. Killing them right after isn’t the right way to show our sincerity. Besides, the Emperor’s Voice hasn’t spoken yet.”

Azadine said no to Ismail’s request.

“Even though he breaks the Emperor’s Law and hurts people?”

“If that was the case, he couldn’t have made a petition no matter how many Gold Coins he had. At least this means that he won’t violate the nation’s laws too much in the future.”

A petition made using a gold coin wasn’t just a magic spell. It was done when the petitioner did it with a sincere need. It was not some magic that would trigger when they threw a gold coin into the triangle. The Emperor’s Voice assessed the wishes and goals of the person before deciding to accept it.

If not, the holy knights or a heretic hunter from the King’s Church could make a trap for messengers using the gold coins.

If they petition the Messenger Clan, they become people who would side with the clan even if they don’t like it.

‘That was why I provoked him to make a petition, but I didn’t think he would actually do it.’

Azadine didn’t like Tarki, but seeing his petition succeed in front of his eyes meant there was no reason to ignore the petition.

‘Well, if I think about it, this is good. Didn’t I already earn two gold coins in one day?’

When the village was attacked, a villager had made a petition there. However, they had died before Azadine arrived, so he was still given the gold coin.

Tarki, who he saw later, did it right before him, and the petition was cleared by using Mediam. This way, he had earned two coins. This could be a happy moment.

‘I do feel bad for the victims who lost their lives after spending a gold coin. But if those who wronged them were punished, they would be happy. It is just that I personally do not like this one.’

Azadine glared at Tarki.

“W-wait. Aren’t you saying too much when you plundered some from me?”

Tarki realized neither Azadine nor Ismail liked him and tried to make excuses. However, this was just a baseless statement.

“What? What does that mean?”

“No, aren’t you just lazy, incompetent, and an idiot?”

Tarki was revealing his noble actions right in front of them.



* * *



Those who lived at the border had to clear a barren land while exposed to dangerous monsters. Lords with foresight who wanted to expand their territory through land clearing would inevitably reduce their taxes and station troops to ensure their safety.

It was a place where the work was more difficult than in other places. Even though the profit was there, the work was equally hard.

That was because someday, when the people gathered, the fields would bloom, and the dangerous animals would be driven out. The place would then become as productive as other cities.

However, most lords wouldn’t wait that long. From their point of view, the frontier was just where a lot of lazy people gathered near the border.

They didn’t care that cultivating land which wasn’t farmland was a tough endeavor. This wasn’t limited to just Casel, but was a prejudice held by most nobles.

This was why Count Casel gave the refugees who abandoned their lands and evacuated due to drought a cold reception.





Massacre Of Holy Knights 1


“So the people are lazy, but they say they want to go from this place and live on the fertile lands which others worked hard to flourish just because there’s a bit less rain? Would the Lord listen now?”

Tarki didn’t hide his discrimination, prejudice, or hatred toward farmers. Clearly, he didn’t care about hiding them in the first place.

“All poor people are poor for a reason.”

“Hmm.”

Azadine clicked his tongue after hearing those words.

“If you lose the battle of succession and end up going to the King’s Church, there must be a reason for that as well, right?”

“What? Are you going to insult me?”

“Huh. That would be insulting. Why would he do it?”

“Ah, no… but I’m the one who made a petition using a gold coin.”

Tarki didn’t care to fight back against Azadine, knowing he wasn’t a match at all.

“I envy your attitude towards life, where one could look down on others even when they are an illegitimate child. If I had such an underdeveloped brain, would I have lived every moment happily without care? Why are you even acting like you earned the coin with your own efforts?”

“No! I am still a noble! My father is Count Casel, the Margrave of Salasma, and my mother is the daughter of Baron Nort and…”

“My job is to kill nobles. Do you still want to brag about your noble blood if you knew why our clan was called the Heavenly King Slayers?”

“….”

Yes, that’s right. He’s bragging about being of the nobility in front of a man who killed nobles for a living.

“Fortunately, you aren’t fully nobility. If you were a full noble, I would have just burned out the Astra clan members working magic through you.”

“Didn’t you make the kid do it for you?”

“This is why I don’t ignore the poor. Be humble in front of fate. You were lucky enough to be born into a noble family and grow up without suffering from starvation. Thank your circumstances for the situation that allowed you to be lucky enough to stay alive when your head couldn’t even understand why there was a lack of fertile soil.”

Azadine lashed out at Tarki as he picked up a halberd from the corpse of a nearby soldier and examined it. It had belonged to the guard captain and was well made.

Azadine took the weapon and approached the spider mercenary, who was still causing a massacre near the gate.

They didn’t attack just because he got close. They were moving close by using cover before climbing a wall to jump down to strike at the monster.

Puak!

The mercenary’s head was cut off in a single bow.

“Looks like it’ll go fine if the neck is cut off.”

Azadine decapitated the spider mercenary, quickly scattered straw around its corpse, and then threw a torch to set it on fire.

The spider mercenaries could not keep their senses with their captain gone and were preoccupied with filling their appetites.

Thanks to this, the damage wasn’t as great as they had expected. The monsters weren’t killing any new people but were focusing on satisfying their hunger.

However, when the people who were sick of the sight tried to attack them, the monsters would attack back and kill their attackers. This made the rest of the people flee from them.

Azadine killed the spider mercenaries one after another while avoiding the eyes of the populace.

“… the petition has also been resolved, and the number has been moderately reduced, so it is pointless to kill them anymore.”

Ismail gave this advice to Azadine while supporting Mediam. He implied they should let the village be plundered by the monsters, no matter the casualties.

‘This kid is so cold-hearted for his age. Or is it because Mediam is irritating him?’

Azadine answered while keeping Ismail’s advice in mind.

“Sorry, but I think this is what the person who was murdered after they petitioned would have wanted. Even if the petitioner is dead, I don’t want to take the gold coins for free.”

“As if. They probably wanted to live for a long time, like that illegitimate child.”

“I-Illegitimate child? Did you just say that?”

Tarki was angry at Ismail, who had called him an illegitimate child. He was very angry at this child who had spoken so carelessly.

“Enough. That is enough.”

Azadine aimed his halberd at Tarki.

“Say no more. I admit that these children are rude, but it’s enough to call you an illegitimate child.”

“What? No, you should at least call me by name.”

“What? I don’t want to waste memory space in my head with unneeded things. Illegitimate child is enough for you.”

Azadine forced Tarki to shut up as he approached the other spider mercenaries. All of them were busy eating meat, so they were quite spread out.

This made it possible to get rid of them one by one.

“Hmm, let’s get rid of it.”

Azadine approached the spider mercenary, who was busy eating a corpse with his back turned to him.

After reaching a certain distance, the spider mercenary became aware of Azadine. It was as if it was a beast that became wary of a hunter entering its territory.

But even that alertness didn’t matter.

-Twilight!

Azadine’s body blurred, and he closed the gap with the spider mercenary. With a single blow of the halberd, its head was cut off.

Small spiders tried to stem the bleeding by filling its neck, but they couldn’t do anything about the part that had been cut.

“Grrrk!”

Another spider mercenary jumped at Azadine, but a single diagonal swing of the halberd had cut off its spider legs and neck.

“It is difficult to deal with at first, but I am continuing to get used to it. But…”

Azadine felt the rattling of the halberd. Cutting off human neck bones, protruding arm bones, and exo-skeletal spider legs put a lot of strain on the weapon’s hilt.

The wooden hilt was broken and twisted, so Azadine took off the halberd’s top and picked up another sword.

“How long do you need, you bastard?”

When Azadine asked this, Tarki was taken aback.

‘A-amazing! This bastard, is this what is meant by the Messenger Clan?’

Tarki was awed by Azadine’s skills. He didn’t like it when he was called a bastard, but he wouldn’t provoke the man.

Azadine took the time to catch his breath and looked around.

The north became loud.

“King’s Church!”

“The King’s Church has appeared to save the people!”

“We are finally safe now!”

Judging by the cheers, it seemed that a rescue team from the nearby King’s Church had come.



* * *



Originally, the King’s Church was a holy knight order that was made to protect the people from the Kurt Gods, monsters and to uphold the King’s Law.

Lords who had their own territory were interested in their own estates. This was why they needed holy knights who didn’t have an estate.

Though they started with such a mission, the King’s Church was now completely secularized. This was because the King’s Church comprised three types of members.

First, criminals.

Those descended from nobility who had violated the royal law could escape punishment by entering the King’s Church.

The second were those pushed out during internal power struggles.

During disputes between those who were not the inheritors of their families, children were often massacred by assassins. However, if they didn’t want to die, they had no choice but to give up their inheritance and enter the King’s Church.

The third type was illegitimate children.

Although they could use white magic due to inheriting noble blood, illegitimate children could not participate in an inheritance battle. They were inevitably bound for the King’s Church.

And so, many people devoted themselves to the King’s Church. Inevitably the church grew in power and became the seed of discord.

A lot of money was necessary to feed the Church’s holy knights. The King’s Church, which had become a powerful armed force, extorted those resources from the King and nobility. They then further strengthened their power by joining the succession wars between the nobles.

For this reason, the Rescue Knights, initially regarded as a heresy, received formal approval from the Eight Kingdoms.

If fallen nobility and illegitimate children were only sent to the King’s Church, power and military strength would inevitably be concentrated on them. Therefore another type of Holy Knight was needed to keep them in check.



* * *



For this reason, the King’s Church, which was normally an object of fear, was welcomed in this situation.

“The King’s Church?”

However, they were just an annoyance for Azadine, who was of the Messenger Clan. He had already dealt with a lot of the monsters, but they were only appearing now?

“What?”

“Well, the King’s Church would do well against the Kurt clan. Let’s just leave the rest to them. There is nothing good about meeting them.”

Azadine gave up on killing the spider mercenaries and called over his Kerim Goat.

“Then the petition was granted, petitioner.”

Azadine turned to Tarki and said,

“Ah… uh. T-that.”

“Do you have any additional requests? Please don’t ask for something stupid like requesting to make you count.”

“T… then let’s run away from here.”

Tarki seemed to be frightened of Azadine, so he spoke politely.

“When the King’s Church begins their investigation, they will find out I brought these mercenaries here. Then… there! We should at least try to run away to a place where they’re not at.”

“Alright. In any case, I can’t allow a petitioner who has given me a gold coin to die in the hands of the King’s Church.”

Azadine allowed Tarki to accompany him. He wouldn’t have listened to a request to make him a count, but he couldn’t allow him to be captured, either. If he was tortured, then he would speak right away.

“Then do we escape?”



* * *



Azadine’s party escaped from the post village through the western gate and advanced west. It wasn’t only Azadine but everyone else was also exhausted from the continuous battles and forced marches.

“Ah, I just bathed and changed into new clothes.”

Mediam was sweating and irritated. The fact that she had taken a bath and changed into fresh clothes yesterday now seemed like a lie.

That freshness had disappeared just after a day, her new clothes becoming a mess due to sweat and dust.

“That’s fine. The sun is rising. We’ve come this far, so you don’t have to worry about the King’s Church. Let’s get some rest.”

Azadine ordered a break and stopped at the side of the road.

Some buildings could be seen nearby, but hounds guarded the entrance.

Perhaps once the farmers began to work, it would be possible to rent a stable to rest in?

As he thought this, the sun rose slowly from the east, and the world was dyed purple. Azadine leaned against a tree and stared blankly at the sunrise.

“What are you doing?”

Mediam asked.

“Watching the sunrise. The sight of the sun driving away the darkness across the sky is so amazing every time I see it.”

Azadine pondered this as he answered Mediam’s question. He was definitely tired, but his exhaustion wasn’t extreme enough that it would disturb his sleep.

‘I am in surprisingly good shape despite the situation.’





Massacre Of Holy Knights 2


Azadine asked Ismail.

“Did you bring any food from Derek?”

“Ah, you mean that?”

They had taken the food that had been prepared when Derek invited them for dinner.

“Let’s have everyone eat this. When the farmers wake up, let’s go over there and ask if we can get some rest..”

Azadine kept his gaze on the sky.



* * *



After eating during the sunrise, Azadine took out a helmet and placed it on instead of the falcon mask.

“People from the King’s Church might recognize the mask when they see it. Not to mention there’s a scar over my eyes.”

Azadine covered his face with the helmet and headed to the nearby farm with his party. When the dogs barked at their approach, the farmers who had been out to work in the morning became startled as they saw Azadine and his company.

The farmers froze in fear at just a glimpse of Tarki, who was visibly a knight.

With how terrifying knights were, how could they not be scared?

“W-what is it?”

“We are traveling and wish to rent a farm.”

When Tarki said this, the people could not understand his intentions. When someone wished to rent a farm, it could mean they wanted to camp, plunder, or even just sleep.

“We need a place to rest.”

Azadine explained Tarki’s words in a way that was easier to understand.

“Ah, if that is the case, please use our cabin. We need to work the fields anyway.”

“It’s just a couple of shabby bedrooms…”

“Hmm. A shabby bedroom. Well, it is definitely better than a pigsty….”

When Tarki said this, Azadine stabbed his elbow to his side to silence him.

“A barn or shed would be fine.”

“Why are you like that? The farmers will only use the house if they work their fields all day. Can we just not rest inside?”

“And what if we end up taking a long rest?”

“Then how about what the farmers are using the barn for? They raise pigs there. How could we use such a place?”

Tarki, who had spoken this naturally, seemed to need to be made aware of the problem.

“Enough. What can I even do with you?”

Azadine gave up talking to Tarki and gave a silver coin to the farmer.

“T-this?”

“For troubling you. Please prepare some dinner for us.”

“Ah, o-of course.”

“Very well.”

Azadine bowed to them and headed to the barn.

Pigs and livestock slept on the ground floor of the barn. A ladder led to the upper floor where the hay was stored. Azadine headed up, spread a blanket over the hay, and covered himself.

There were all sorts of vermin in the hay, so he could feel them moving even though his blankets were thick.

“Ah, what if my teeth get infected.”

“Most of them are just slugs.”

Azadine lay on the bed he had and fell asleep like he was dead.



* * *



The farms in this area were designated to be under the fiefdom of the knight Sir Jeran. He held the right to collect the taxes from the farms here. He did so twice a year, in the spring and fall, as needed. He would also give the people work by creating part-time jobs when required.

In exchange, Sir Jeran was obliged to take charge of the security of the people by hunting monsters.

But….

“Um, it is huge.”

The farmers frowned when they discovered that a fence to the farm had been broken. The drought, which started in the eastern lands, was spreading like a plague into the borders of Salasma.

The situation had already led to many refugees. However, as the drought continued, animals not native to the territory began invading the farm.

“Should I contact Sir Jeran?”

“The knights say they won’t touch anything unless they can find them immediately. They will only do something if we can catch it in one day. Would they even deign to wander around the mountains and fields looking for animals? If we had to stay in the village for a long time, we might lose some things.”

The farmers were afraid of knights and nobles. The law of the Kingdoms, established by the Yaegas Clan, forbade any unfair exploitation, abuse, and rape of farmers and their families. However, this safety was only applied to those who lived in the cities.

Peasants in the suburbs, borders, and private fiefs were no different than private property.

Sir Jeran was at least slightly better than the nobility, but he was still someone the commoners didn’t want to see that much.

“Still, if we do something wrong, people will die.”

The farmer’s son lifted the fence and looked at it. There were huge claw marks on the fence. Considering the spacing, it was clearly a large monster.

“Then do you want to go talk to Sir Jeran? You should go try and actually make him understand.”

“… we can repair the fence.”

Instead of telling the knight such a story, it would be better if they repaired the fence and hoped the monster didn’t come again. Just as all of the farmers there had begun to reach an agreement.

“Hey!”

The man who pulled a cart to sell vegetables in town in the mornings had returned.

“It’s insane! They said some monsters had attacked the post town last night!”

“What? No way, there was a monster there? Is that true?”

“That’s right! Sir Jeran is also dead.”

“Uh?”

“Really?”

“Would I even joke about something like this?”

“What will happen to us if Sir Jeran is dead?”

“More than that, the beasts destroyed the town. Shouldn’t we run too?”

“Ah, speaking of which, the holy knights had come and destroyed all the monsters.”

“Thank goodness… will the holy knights be coming this way?”

holy knights were worse than knights. Those who roamed without a land of their own were greedier and had no sense of responsibility.

“Well, they were there. I don’t know now. Moreover…”

Suddenly, the farmer who was speaking opened his eyes wide. An arrow had sprouted from his head.

“Uh?”

“Eik!”

“ACKKK!”

The farmers’ screams began to echo through the forest.



* * *



When the children of nobility entered the King’s Church, they were considered trainee knights. Even those who had originally trained as knights or had received knighthoods would start as trainee knights of the Holy Knight order when they entered the church.

At this time, there would be a chain of hierarchy that required no speech. The trainees would then carry out missions alongside bishops, clerics, or other holy knights of the church.

Kazrek, a holy knight of the King’s Church, was a senior knight who fostered trainees.

Originally, the Holy Knights of the church had an education system with a strong and deep connection where a single trainee attached to a senior knight became a mentor and disciple. The knowledge about swordsmanship, monsters, and a knight’s chivalry was passed down.

However, the process had now changed where a senior knight was assigned several trainees to ensure that trainees quickly became a knight. A system that focused on performance.

This wasn’t because the number of bastard children made by the nobility had increased, but simply because the King’s Church was notorious for being crowded.

Lord Kazrek’s mission now was to subdue a beast alongside five trainees.

“Ugh, I hate it so much. So bothersome.”

Even if they called it a beast, it wasn’t a real beast, but rather they were hunting bears and wolves.

A noble who operated a sawmill in the forest had donated money to the King’s Church and requested that Kazrek hunt dangerous beasts that appeared in the middle of his estate.

The issue wasn’t catching the beast but finding it. No matter how scary this beast was, if humans who smelled like metal were around, they would hide.

It was a tedious task that involved walking around the forest with a long spear and bows until the animal was exhausted.

“Sir Kazrek, I expected this to be a monster subjugation… how long do we have to keep doing this?”

Tasik, a trainee, expressed his dissatisfaction on behalf of the party.

“Be quiet. If the beasts hear you, they will run.”

“Excuse me, Sir. Our weapons and gear must already be making enough noise. Even the beast knows this. Actually, we haven’t even seen a rabbit here, right?”

“Ah, there.”

At that moment, another trainee knight shot his bow. It pierced a rabbit in the torso as it passed by.

“… you said we haven’t seen a rabbit??”

“Ah- no… Yah, Ben, you’re good at shooting the bow?”

“I practiced.”

The trainee called Ben approached and pulled out the arrow from the rabbit. He then tied his hunt to his backpack.

“Let us cook this as a snack later.”

“But you see, Sir Kazrek.”

“What?”

“Your daughter is very beautiful.”

“Enough of your antics.”

“Isn’t he our superior? Is that even possible?”

Nobles who entered the church were assigned as holy knights if they had no children. If they had children or were married, they would become a priest.

But Sir Kazrek, a holy knight like them, had a daughter of a higher rank than her father.

“Why? She was born when I was a holy knight.”

“Kyaha, amazing.”

“Huh. Do you want to keep acting out in front of the Head of Education? In front of her father?”

“But isn’t it possible for your daughter to like us?”

“Right, right. Free love is inevitable.”

“Stop talking nonsense and train properly. Uh?”

Sir Kazrek looked at the pathetic state of his trainees.

Even during his time, holy knights tried to learn powerful holy magic by studying sword techniques, speech, and other knightly training.

He had become a knight only after receiving such training. Recently, however, the new Bishop of Salasma changed the policy. They received more knights for training and took donations from the families.

Since the knights’ training also cost money, they were made to go around the villages and towns to collect money.

They were also made to make money themselves. Actually, this was closer to aiding plunder.

‘Well, I am in no position to talk about anyone.’

Sir Kazrek was also taking bribes from the trainee knights under him to manipulate their rankings and the results of training missions.

He looked back on this mission and thought of ending it by defeating the beast.

It was then.

-Wohw?!

The oddest sound came from above them.

“Ah, this..shh!”

Hearing this, Sir Kazerk cursed.

“Uh?”

“What?”

“Yah, be quiet. It is a wyvern.”

“Uh?!”

“Eik!?”

The trainee knights fell silent.

-Wong? Wong?

It was definitely getting louder, and everyone tensed up as they drew their swords.

Clench!

A branch snapped, and they saw a black-scaled wyvern moving in the trees. It was a small one, but it was still a wyvern.

It was well known that young wyverns had stingers with poison on their tails. This poison was as strong as the sting of a thousand wasps. Their teeth were also as sharp as daggers.

No matter how strong a man was in combat, they would inevitably die in pain from the poison. It was a powerful beast that no one could look down on.

The problem was, if such a young wyvern was roaming around here, a full-grown one was also in the forest…

“Yah! Shoot!”

“Yes!”

In fear, the knights began to shoot their arrows.





Massacre Of Holy Knights 3


In an instant, the wyvern ran up the tree to avoid their arrows and disappeared from sight.

“It is a wyvern, so why isn’t it flying?”

“It seems to be pretty smart. Probably only flies at night..”

Wyverns with black scales were almost invisible when flying at night. They would be immediately spotted if they flew around during the day.

“Shh. My back hurts. Even if the farmers saw the wyvern, I would’ve considered their words nonsense …”

The farmers had reported seeing a dragon around. Still, when the knights checked, they only found crocodiles and lizardmen.

But this time, those reports were accurate.

“If a young one is wandering here alone, it means there are quite a few adult or near-adult wyverns.”

Sir Kazrek grumbled and walked toward where the wyvern had disappeared. He soon reached the end of the forest and saw the outskirts of the farm. There seemed to be some farmers lying on the ground. Were they groaning after being hit by the arrows?

“…”

The arrows they had shot at the wyvern seemed to have flown over the tree and hit the farmers.

“Damn it. Why were the arrows so powerful?”

When they shot to kill people, there would be cases where the target could dodge even ten arrows. Yet a human would die in one hit when it was a mistake.

As Sir Kazrek looked over this scene, the trainee knights came up behind him and saw it as well.

“Huk!?”

“Uh?”

“Oh shit!”

“Eight Kingdoms….”

The trainee knights who realized their mistake were shocked. Sir Kazrek let out a long sigh and looked around.

“Uhhh….”

“S-save me. We did nothing wrong.”

One farmer had been killed by the arrow, and two others were wounded. They begged for help when they saw the knights.

“W-what do we do, Sir Kazrek?”

‘Is this bastard this stupid? Why is he calling me by name right now?’

Sir Kazrek pointed using his chin at Tasik, who had called him by name and gave him an irritated look.

“This is a cult. End their breathing, Tasik.”

“Uh?”

“Why would farmers come into the forest? They are a cult.”

The trainees felt a shock run through their bodies when he said this. However, Tasik, who had been ordered to kill, understood the situation, and acted accordingly.

“Ah! I-I see. I understand.”

Tasik raised his hunting spear and ended the farmers’ lives.

“….”

The trainee knights gasped in shock. Their conscience was screaming after having killed innocent civilians. Even Sir Kazrek had a bitter smile.

“Now, everyone, calm down. We fixed the trouble you people created.”

“Uh?”

“Who shot the arrows?”

The trainees had shot them.

“You shot the arrows and hit them. So you killed them.”

Sir Kazrek threatened his trainees.

“Speak of the disciplinary code of the Knights.”

“W-we…”

“What happens when you kill an innocent civilian?”

“D-death by hanging.”

“And do you want to be hanged?”

“Ah, no, but….”

Wasn’t the murder of innocents by accusing them of being members of a cult an equal amount of sin? Besides, if a trainee knight accidentally killed someone, there was a way to repent. This method was to become a penitent knight.

A penitent knight underwent penance to atone for their sins. In this position, a knight had to travel around the world without support from the church, defeat any monsters, help the people, sleep in the open, and wander the wilderness until they were pardoned by the bishop.

Very few of the penitent knights succeeded in their journey and became reinstated. Most become corrupt and turn to banditry or die on the road.

Even so, the bishop was a fine person who would allow a knight a chance to change. However, considering the tendency of the Bishop of Salasma, those from mediocre family backgrounds were inevitably bound to the gallows.

‘Damn it. I cannot be a penitent knight at this age. It is like ruining my daughter’s future.’

Sir Kazrek already had his detractors as he had committed adultery and had fathered an illegitimate child. If the fact that he had killed civilians here came out, he would be pushed to the edge.

If he became a penitent knight, his daughter would go through a tough time.

“Then you call these things cult members.”

At that moment, Tasik, who had been in charge of the final blows, wiped the blood from his spear and asked.

“Aren’t there many types of cultists, though? How do we explain that?”

“They’re the followers of Kurt Gods.”

Saying that, Sir Kazrek looked around, slightly startled.

“….”

A pair of clogs were hanging from the trunk of a tree. Anyone could see it was just removed because the insides were clean.

A pair of footprints on the land led into the water.

“Ah, this is really…”

He covered his face with a hand.

“Do you guys really want to do something like this?”

“W-what do you mean?”

“Well.”

Sir Kazrek counted the number of footprints.

“This looks like a normal farm, so there should be around two families? The number of people who died here is 3…”

He roughly made some calculations and clicked his tongue.

“I hope there aren’t many children in this place.”

“Uh?”

“Go, you people.”

Sir Kazrek led his hesitant trainee knights toward the farm. He was reluctant to make this choice, but he would do anything for his daughter.



* * *



Azadine lay down, groaning at his muscle pains.

The past week had been a series of forced battles and missions. He had collected three Emperor’s Gold Coins, which was difficult to collect for a normal messenger even after ten years.

People who knew of the King’s Church and its workings typically kept the gold coins to make petitions in times of crisis. However, with the change in taboos and the world’s norms shifting, things changed.

His body throbbed.

The Aragasa’s training, as well as their innate skill and talent, made them into something similar to transcendent beings, but they were also humans.

Azadine, in particular, was more human than others. After all, he had to pay more of a price to do something similar to other messengers.

But…

[A mission is calling.]

The Emperor’s Voice spoke.

[Only those who respond when justice calls are worthy of being my messenger.]

“… have you seen people like that?”

Most of the Emperor’s Messengers he had seen never enthusiastically responded to the call. Azadine regarded himself as a human who could not resist justice, but the other messengers had even fewer emotions.

It was the nature of the contract that disregarded intent. Their blood inherited the contract, so the Emperor’s Voice was never wrong.

But now wasn’t the time for the voice to say such a thing. When someone called for help, that meant that someone was suffering.

“Damn it. There is no time to rest.”

Azadine woke up from his sleep and touched his exhausted body.

The son of the farmer then ran inside.

“S-save me!”

“What is happening?”

Azadine jumped down to the ground floor, startling the chickens, and began moving.

“Hmmm.”

“Oh god…”

Mediam, Ismail, and Tarki were still turning around in their blankets.

“Father has been murdered! In the woods!”

The child was in tears. His skin was flushed from running, and he was bathed in sweat. His legs were also trembling, and his shoes were missing.

“Murdered, by what?”

“Arrow!”

“Arrow?”

Azadine frowned.

“Kyaak!”

Another scream came from the farm outside. When he walked out, a trainee knight wearing armor and the symbol of the King’s Church on his chest had just killed a woman working in the field with a spear.

“This!”

Azadine immediately rushed forward, picked up a stone from the ground, and threw it.

Swish!

The stone flew, tearing through the air. The throw was fierce, but the trainee knight pulled out the spear he had used to stab the woman and then blocked the stone.

Tung!

The stone hit the spear and bounced off.

“What is this brat? You want to try?”

The trainee knight, however, also looked wary. The stone Azadine had thrown had enough force to numb his hand.

‘Tch. I just woke up and then did this.’

Azadine had been warned by his master to not throw anything with all his strength until he relaxed his shoulder.

He had been able to break armor and throw with enough power to kill people with the strength of his wrist alone without using his elbows or shoulders… As expected, Holy Knights from the King’s Church were not easy.

But he couldn’t stay still since he saw them killing civilians in front of his eyes. Azadine ran across the ground and jumped at the knight.

“You insane bastard!”

The trainee knight fixed the spear in his hand and moved to kill Azadine with a stab. On the other hand, Azadine was bare-handed. The only weapon he had was the short dagger on his waist.

“Huh!”

The trainee knight’s spear was lightly stabbed at Azadine. When it was evaded, the spear was pulled back quickly and stabbed out in succession, hissing like a snake.

It was an unusual skill. Besides, this was a fight between empty hands and a spear. No matter how Azadine was, this range difference made the fight feel hopeless.

However, Azadine evaded the spear’s attack like flowing water. He then picked a stone off the ground and launched it from his hand like a catapult.

“What!”

The knight saw Azadine’s stance and turned his head to avoid the stone.

At least, he should have…

Puak!

The stone hit the knight. As the stone thrown by Azadine turned in the air, it penetrated through his body despite the trainee having predicted it not to.

-The Flower, Bird, Wind, Moon Kazas style!

It wasn’t using magical energy to shift the attack. Still, it was purely a way to break the air by moving through it, making the results similar. However, smooth stones didn’t bend well, so to change the angle of movement, they needed to have mud on them.

Azadine had put a lot of wax on his skin on purpose. Before throwing the stone, he had rubbed the wax on his skin again and succeeded.





Massacre Of Holy Knights 4


“Kuak?!”

As the trainee knight stumbled, Azadine grabbed the head of the spear.

‘Got a hit in!’

The trainee knight looked at Azadine, grabbed onto his spear, and, flustered, pulled out the short sword he was wearing.

The trainee knight was trying to draw his short sword against Azadine. Just as the two were about to clash, something interrupted them.

Swish!

Another spear came from the knight’s side and attacked Azadine. Another trainee, who had discovered his colleague in danger, rushed at a frightening speed and stabbed his spear.

‘As expected, holy knights are formidable..’

Azadine had no choice but to give up the attack and retreat. However, it wasn’t without a result. He had hit a trainee knight with a stone and stole his weapon.

“Ah! Tasik! Step back!”

“Be careful! This guy is no joke!”

The trainee knight named Tasik stepped back and tried to calm down. Even though he had been wearing a helmet, the stone thrown by Azadine had terrifying power. His eyes were shaking from the shock.

“Are you fine? Why did you lose your weapon?”

“You try it. That one isn’t normal.”

“What are you saying? Is he a wanderer?”

The trainee knights, who had been busy massacring people all over the farm, began to flock in one after another.

The trainee knights of the King’s Church frowned at the sight. They hadn’t wanted to escalate things and were trying to finish things as quickly as possible. Yet suddenly, this powerful person appeared.

“Look, are you making a fuss about this, knowing that we are holy knights of the King’s Church?”

Sir Kazrek spoke to Azadine.

“Those who go around killing the people of Hubris are holy knights?”

“They are cult members!”

“You got proof?”

When Azadine asked this, the trainee knights fell silent. They actually had no intention of taking things this far. They had shot one stray arrow and tried to cover it by killing everyone. However, one of them had run off to warn the rest of the people. That was why they ended up massacring the entire farm.

‘Thinking about it, this is all so stupid.’

‘But it cannot be changed once you step into it.’

‘Damn it. I didn’t think it was even my arrow. We just needed to check who had shot the arrows and turn those people into penitent knights.’

As the trainee knights stood in shock, Sir Kazrek stepped forward.

“We are holy knights, and I am an expert in identifying cult members. You question our judgment? Are you a member of the cult too? You dare to try and question a holy knight’s decision?”

“You are forcing it. If you are accused of being a cult member without proof, then you become part of the cult? Are you really using that excuse?”

“Anyways, it seems like you are someone who doesn’t recognize the authority of the King’s Church.”

Sir Kazrek drew his sword.

“You are a cultist too?”

Azadine raised his spear to eye level.

“No. Just a normal pilgrim.”

The spear swayed like a blade of grass in Azadine’s hand, leaving afterimages in its wake.

“Hmm! You seem to be a little skilled!”

Sir Kazrek made the decision as he held his sword. A dazzling light shone from the sword and blinded everyone nearby. At the same time, he moved to the side and charged toward Azadine.

‘Is that a trick?’

Azadine had already experienced this once in the battle against Lord Kozel. It was a simple magic and sword combo attack used by holy knights to blind their opponents before attacking.

It was simple and very effective. However, it was completely useless against Azadine. His sight wasn’t a physical one but an abnormal ability.

Therefore, the light didn’t even bother him, but Azadine deliberately acted like he was in pain. This man seemed to be the leader of this group, this Sir Kazrek. He also seemed to aim to take him down in one go.

However, Sir Kazrek, who was charging in, suddenly backed away.

“Damn it.”

Two arrows flew in as the flash blinded Azadine. Both of them flew toward the weak spot on his armor. One was aimed at the inside of the thigh, and another was at the neck joint. It was an attack that couldn’t be expected unless the person was skilled.

Sir Kazrek, however, parried the arrow with the thick part of the armor and moved away.

“Are you fine?”

“All fine?”

Seeing that Azadine was surrounded by a large number of enemies, Ismail and Mediam joined in by using their arrows.

‘Shit. Stay still.’

Azadine regretted that Sir Kazrek managed to escape from the trap he had made, but he couldn’t lose his cool now when he was offered help.

“Be careful! These people are from the Messenger Clan!”

Kazrek seemed to have noticed Azadine’s party’s real identity.

“Why do you think so?”

“Why? Only the messengers have kids who shoot such bows with precision!”

Sir Kazrek declared this when he saw the arrows that had been shot by the two children. The trainees then hissed out.

“M-Messenger Clan?”

“Then we did nothing wrong!”

“Yes! Since the Messenger Clan is on this farm, they must be cultists!”

“Imperial Follower!”

Sir Kazrek ordered the trainee knights.

“You bastards! Stop talking shit and surround them!”

“Yes!”

The trainee knights, relieved by the weight of their conscience, began to move quickly, unlike when they regretted their actions. They split in half, with some helping their captain against Azadine while the others rushed for the children.

“This.”

As Azadine panicked, Sir Kazrek drew his sword.

“Now, let’s see the power of the Emperor’s Messenger!”

He rushed in with his sword, moving as fast as lightning. At the same time, the trainee knights who had surrounded him threw their spears. Azadine broke away and then attempted to escape.

“No!”

“Catch him!”

The knights began chasing after Azadine. At that moment, he approached the trainee knights who had half-surrounded him and attacked the knight at the end. Azadine’s short spear touched the knight’s spear, making fun of him.

“This bastard!”

The trainee knight lost control and tried to strike down Azadine’s spear. At that moment, Azadine’s spear wrapped itself around the knight’s spear and pushed it into the ground, turning it into a stab.

Surprised by the counter-attack, the trainee knight lifted the spear and tried to attack again.

But that, too, was also caught by Azadine. He had expected up to three moves ahead.

Tak!

He slashed the trainee knight’s spear to the side.

“Euk!”

The trainee knight lost his balance and moved a step back to regain it, blocking the path of his comrades. The trainee knights surrounding Azadine could not launch an effective attack as their ally stood in their path.

Then Azadine turned around and began to run.

Was he running away?

“Where are you going!”

The trainee knights tried to chase him. At that moment, however, Azadine threw a spear.

“Uh?”

Surprisingly, the spear that Azadine threw wasn’t intended for the knights surrounding him. It was thrown over them and flew towards the other trainees who had been aiming for the children.

Puak!

The spear was thrown cleanly enough that it pierced through a trainee knight’s thigh. The spear’s power was so powerful that it tore through the thigh, the hamstring, and the bone.

“Kwaakkk!”

The trainee knight hit by the spear fell, screaming from the excruciating pain. When the spear that had pierced his leg touched the ground, the wound was opened to the outside, causing him to panic.

“You bastard!”

“What do you take us for!”

The trainee knights were furious at Azadine, who had ignored them and had thrown his spear at another target instead. Everyone attacked Azadine simultaneously, but he started running again.

“Euk?”

“So fast.”

Azadine quickly distanced himself from them. His pursuers wore armor and carried spears, making them unable to keep a close range with the lightly-armored Azadine.

“This makes no sense!”

They also couldn’t risk throwing their spears at Azadine. There were no guarantees that it would land. They also hadn’t practiced spear-throwing before, so they weren’t confident.

It would be like giving a weapon to someone who could throw it back and leave them empty-handed.

“No! Does this make sense?”

The trainee knights who were approaching Mediam and Ismail were shocked. They were obviously outnumbering their opponents, but it now felt like they were the ones outnumbered.

In front of them were children of the Messenger Clan, clearly a young boy and girl, but they were excellent archers. The adult Messenger Clan person behind them had defeated one of their allies and was rushing in, surrounding them from both sides. The comrades who were supposed to help them were struggling to catch the quick-moving messenger.

In their confusion, Azadine rushed in. Surprisingly for one of the trainees, Azadine’s target wasn’t him, but his comrade beside him.

“Kwaaaak!”

Azadine pulled the dagger from his waist as he approached the trainee knight whom he had pierced through the leg. He, who did not need to be flashy, immediately charged for a trainee knight in good shape.

“D-Do not come!”

That trainee knight tried to stab Azadine with his spear, but his mind was no longer calm. It was a natural reaction when one didn’t know when an arrow would fly in.

Azadine raised his dagger and took the sheath, parting them like a cross on the spear. Using the hilt of the dagger at the top, he received the trainee knight’s spear.

The spear was then caught between the handle and the sheath, allowing Azadine to slide and push the spear into the ground.

Puak!

The trainee knight’s spear pierced the ground.

“Damn it!”

It was too late for him to pull back now. The trainee knight made a quick decision and pulled out his short sword. In the meantime, however, Azadine had reached him.

-Tuk!

Azadine held his dagger upside down and swung it like a mace, striking the trainee on his head.

The helmet became distorted, and the trainee collapsed to the ground. A single blow had knocked out a holy knight.

There were apparently a lot of holy knights, but…

When they came to their senses, they were all being defeated individually.

“Shit. He is very good at fighting. I guess that is inevitable since he is an Emperor’s Messenger.”

Sir Kazrek realized that he had made a mistake. The opponent was untouched, but their own strengths were exposed.

Azadine’s tactics also showed why armored knights shouldn’t use spears.

Knights wearing armor and using spears moved too slowly. It would be easy to outrun them by running lightly. Azadine was so mobile that he could defeat them individually.

‘The reputation of the Heavenly King Slayer wasn’t for nothing. Yet there are more of us…’

For the first time, Sir Kazrek thought he might just die there.





Massacre Of Holy Knights 5


How could the crime of murdering an innocent civilian in a mishap be used as an excuse? Since they were farmers of these Messenger Clan bastards, it was no different from fighting cultists from the King’s Church’s point of view. However, it felt like they would all die fighting this one messenger.

But….

They all looked at the messenger, who was just looking at them and not attacking.

“What is it?”

“It looks like you all came here to hunt. Holy Knights with spears and bows. Besides, even if the trainee knights are out of line, I don’t believe an official Holy Knight would stay this silent.”

“… What is that supposed to mean?”

“Why had you come out to hunt and are suddenly massacring farmers?”

“Because they belonged to a cult.”

“No, you all didn’t even realize I was a messenger until we fought. It wasn’t until after those kids began to shoot arrows did you realize I was part of the Messenger Clan. In other words…”

Azadine analyzed the situation and clicked his tongue.

“You accidentally killed someone and are now trying to silence them.”

“….”

“Was that right?”

Seeing the holy knight’s reaction, Mediam realized that Azadine was accurate in his deduction.

“Perhaps they mistook some people digging for herbs as animals and shot them. After chasing to silence them, they chose to massacre the entire farm.”

“Shut up, you blaspheming soulless one.”

Sir Kazrek, who had been figured out, shouted.

To be exact, it had been a wayward arrow during a hunt that had killed a farmer who was checking his fence. However, he didn’t want to reveal this to someone from the Messenger Clan.

“It would be difficult to kill me and shut my mouth, right?”

Azadine picked up a spear from a trainee knight who fainted after being hit by his short sword. He then aimed that hunting spear toward Sir Kazrek.

“If you men stop harming the farmers here and pay your penance to become penitent knights, I will finish this without killing you. I haven’t killed this one yet.”

Azadine spun the spear in the air and aimed it at the trainee knight again.

“… it isn’t so hard to kill you all, you know.”

Although two trainee knights had been taken down, the number of opponents was still high. Azadine couldn’t think of fighting on endurance alone.

‘Is he insane? We won’t be hard to kill? Has he been watching us and saying such things?’

The Holy Knights of the King’s Church held absolute superiority over normal knights due to their skills. This was because most knights could not improve their skills due to a lack of sparring partners. The Holy Knights, however, were renowned for improving all their skills.

Did he mean he would fight against such people now?

“You are funny. If we back down in fear of one of you… we will be punished for it.”

“Would you continue to commit such crimes because you fear punishment?”

“If we capture you, then everything will be solved! Judging from the skills, you must be a high-ranking messenger, right? If I catch you, then everything will be resolved. These villagers are followers of the Emperor, so they deserve to die!”

Mediam and Ismail, who were listening to this, had to hold back their laughter. Azadine was ranked 108th, meaning he was the lowest-ranked among the messengers. Not to mention, he was also shunned by the clan? Was this man overestimating Azadine’s skills?

However, seeing that the holy knights were tough opponents, their own evaluation was proven right. Both children agreed that Azadine’s skills were not inferior.

Azadine drew his spear.

“Huh!”

Sir Kazrek simply slashed away the hunting spear and cast a spell on Azadine. This time, the Hammer of Divine Light came falling on his head.

Azadine dodged it, but the light exploded and swept the ground away. However, Azadine calmly unhooked the bow from his waist, drew a bowstring over it, and drew a hunting arrow that he had taken from a fallen knight.

Trainee knights don’t carry many arrows, so this one just had three.

“Can you hit me by firing that from the front?”

Sir Kazrek charged.

“Is that so?”

Azadine raised the bow to the sky and shot high.

Was he preparing to use the two-arrow technique?

He was too defenseless for that.

“It is dangerous!”

Mediam shot an arrow at Sir Kazrek to aid Azadine, but the holy knight slashed the arrow away easily.

“Ah!”

Shocked, Mediam shot another arrow, but Azadine got between the arrow and the target this time.

“Ah?!”

Azadine grabbed the flying arrow from the air and turned it around as he put it on his own bow.

The paladin, who had raised his sword to cut down Mediam’s arrow, couldn’t react to Azadine’s shot that came from the side. Sir Kazrek fell forward as the arrow pierced his forehead.

“Kuak…”

“No way!”

The rest of the trainee knights were taken aback by Azadine’s techniques. Sir Kazrek had shown great strength to parry the arrows flying at him.

But to be subdued in this way when an arrow was shot at close range? It was like the work of a devil.

“…”

“W-what is that?”

Even one from the Messenger Clan, Mediam, was shocked and then asked.

“Reshooting an arrow?”

“Reshooting an arrow? Did you learn that from Kazas?”

“No, this was something I made. Well, it isn’t so different, so you should be able to do it with enough practice.”

Azadine calmly explained his technique to Mediam before turning to look at the trainee knights.

“So what are you people going to do?”

As Azadine raised his hand to the sky, the arrow he had shot high fell into his hand. He must have shot for this purpose.

It was a trap meant for enemies who carelessly attacked Azadine while his bow was empty. However, before he could use the trap, he snatched Mediam’s arrow and used it to kill Sir Kazrek.

“T-that….”

“If you compensate the families of the farmers you harmed and become penitent knights, I will not kill you.”

When Azadine said that, the trainee knights looked at each other in shock and at their dead captain.

Seeing that even Sir Kazrek had been killed by the messenger… this was no joke. These ones would kill them.

‘But if we become penitent knights, will we be spared? What if we run away and file a report about the messenger?’

‘All I have to do is to avoid this place. Do I need to become a penitent knight?’

The trainee knights fell deep in thought at Azadine’s words. At that moment…

“That’s not possible!”

The sons and daughters of the farmers appeared from behind them.

“Those people were our fathers!”

“They killed my mother and brother-in-law!”

“They killed us like animals to cover up their mistakes! I don’t even want any compensation!”

“They need to be killed! We want blood over gold!”

The farmers demanded angrily for Azadine to kill the trainee knights.

“These peasants!”

The holy knights became angry.

“Looks like there is no room for negotiation.”

Azadine knew that things were going south.

‘I know these farmers are vengeful, but if they push us to kill the knights, they would have to abandon their livelihoods here and become wanderers.’

Farmer boys in Hubris often dreamt of becoming mercenaries or adventurers. However, living as wanderers who cannot stop moving for the rest of their lives is a harsh reality for these children.

And becoming a mercenary or an adventurer wasn’t easy either. Even children of fallen nobility couldn’t get those kinds of jobs.

They had no money to become mercenaries, weapons, or training. The only group these children would be accepted into were bandit groups.

‘The life of a wanderer is hard. Are they prepared for that and want their revenge now?’

However, if the victims demanded it, then Azadine could not say no. The enraged families of the farmers would kill the knights even with stones and axes.

“These stupid bastards! How dare you say this….. to church knights! You will all be cursed!”

The knights tried to attack the farmers, but Azadine’s arrows prevented them. The peasants then attacked the knights and beat them to death. Azadine simply clicked his tongue as he watched this.



* * *



The farmers decided to collect the bodies of the dead knights. They had wanted to desecrate the bodies due to the violence they had suffered, but Azadine stopped them.

“A corpse is a corpse. You cannot hate it so much if you want to live. You don’t have to be tied up to hating the dead more than needed. Don’t the people of Hubris believe in an afterlife? Do not bring bad karma on yourself by doing that.”

“But shouldn’t the bodies be buried?”

“You don’t have to do it. I will. There is nothing wrong with stopping them from becoming undead. There is also nothing wrong with showing compassion for a place where evil has happened, right?”

“…”

Heeding Azadine’s words, the people began to collect the bodies of their families. As they did so, Azadine collected the bodies of the holy knights.

“Such a unique person.”

Mediam also began helping Azadine. Ismail searched the holy knights for their weapons.

“It is better to not touch their things. Most of them came from the church. Let’s just bury them together with their things and use them as tombstones.”

Azadine decided to use the swords and armor that the knights wore as burial items. He then wrapped the corpses in cloth and buried them according to Rescue Knights tradition.

‘…I wonder if it’s wrong to bury knights of the King’s Church this way?’

Mediam thought it might be but said nothing.

“Phew.”

Azadine slumped at a tree stump after finishing the burial. He wanted to train before resting but was no longer in the mood.

“Did you intend to forgive them if they became penitent knights?”

Mediam asked Azadine.

“Forgiveness isn’t something I get to do, so what can I say?”

“Holy Knights of the King’s Church can make false promises, right? After all, they regard us of the Aragasa as soulless beings. They believe that no matter how many promises they break to us, it isn’t a sin, right?”

The soulless blasphemers, a name for the Messenger Clan, had a meaning after all.





Massacre Of Holy Knights 6


When a promise was made to someone from the Messenger Clan, it went like this.

If someone made a promise with a rock on the road, should they be punished for breaking that promise?

A promise made with the Messenger Clan was the same. They were soulless beings, rocks on the road.

No, rocks wouldn’t even bother anyone. As followers of the Emperor, they were worse than rocks. Any serious promise made with such scum would be meaningless. They would be excused if they broke a promise or treated them with prejudice as long as the target was the Messenger Clan.

In this way, the people of Hubris claimed the Messenger Clan were soulless beings. They refused to give them even the minimum amount of respect and honor.

In such a situation, even if Azadine had made them promise, would the trainee knights even keep their promise? Still, he sympathized with the common people of Hubris.

“The people of Hubris would be in trouble if we didn’t deal with them properly. These people would be forced to abandon their lands and flee in exchange for acting against the knights. It would be a tiring life for them, so I could not make that decision.”

“If you say it like that, it seemed like you didn’t want to kill the knights.”

Azadine nodded at Ismail’s words.

“It is painful to know that an opponent who is lacking would die. It would be no different than an unnecessary murder.”

“….”

This confidence that he was showing. It wasn’t easy for a messenger to show such confidence against the church’s holy knights.

Actually, the knights had slashed away Mediam and Ismail’s arrows and avoided the spear that Azadine had thrown. The trainee knight who had been hit by the spear had been caught by surprise.

How did this man have such calmness while dealing with such high-skilled holy knights?

“Living as a wanderer is hard. Didn’t we want to deal with it under Hubris’ system as much as possible?”

“That’s right. Um, by the way, the funeral is finished. Where did that one go?”

After a few moments, Tarki returned.

“Ah, looks like it is done.”

“You are back? I thought you’d just run.”

“No, that’s because I can’t fight against holy knights from the King’s Church.”

“If that is the case, it’d be difficult to keep moving with us.”

Mediam said this bitterly. Traveling with a messenger was heresy enough to be executed over… from Tarki’s point of view, traveling with Azadine was bad.

Tarki couldn’t say much and felt slightly taken aback at Mediam’s words. He had intended to travel with Azadine because he was afraid. Now that the mercenaries protecting him were gone, he would need to travel alone and deal with bandits, monsters, and assassins sent by his half-brothers.

Yet Azadine also needed Tarki?

‘Didn’t his mother give him an Emperor’s gold coin? Besides, she also hired mercenaries for him. I need to investigate this. He has also become a petitioner once he offered the gold coin, so he would not betray us. He avoided fighting the knights since he is a noble; there is nothing we can do.’

Azadine understood the situation and gave Tarki instructions.

“For now, let us finish cleaning up and handling everything as much as possible. Go wash, change your clothes, pick up some arrows…”

Azadine made sure to do as much maintenance as he could while the farmers were still collecting bodies.



* * *



The survivors from the farm were preparing to depart along with their valuables. They had participated in the killing of holy knights and had made a deal with Azadine, one of the Messenger Clan. They could not stay here any longer.

“All because of you!”

A young girl who was leading a sheep yelled at Azadine.

“If you didn’t come to our farm! Mom and Dad wouldn’t have died!”

“Shhh.”

A young man who appeared to be her brother came and covered her mouth.

“Excuse her for this. She is just a child, so…”

The farmer’s son looked at Azadine in fear. He was worried that Azadine would retaliate at the girl’s harsh words. However, Azadine didn’t seem to care.

“So what will you do now?”

Mediam asked the farmers in curiosity.

“I will go to a relative’s home nearby and take refuge there. I will marry off the children who can marry and ensure they can get jobs… This land… the drought has worsened with time, so even farming has become troublesome.”

The farmer’s son pointed toward the direction he was going, which was southwest.

“Then we must part here. We will leave too.”

“Yes. May the messenger be blessed by the Emperor.”

When the boy said this, all the children looked at him in fright. Perhaps it was because he spoke of the Emperor’s blessing. It was scary enough to make the children deathly afraid.

[The people are treating me as if I’m some kind of plague. I simply tried to bring civilization to the land and wisdom to the people.]

The Emperor’s Voice seemed a bit taken aback.

“Those that were in power and didn’t decide on a succession structure would be criticized, no matter how wise they are.”

[I acknowledge that. Yet even a single generation of peace that I achieved was priceless. Not to mention, a single generation for the Yaegas clan is quite good.]

“Sure.”



* * *



From the current location of Azadine’s party, there were two ways to Salasma. One was a path north, and the other was a path west. The path north went along the Gray River, which ran through Korasar. Azadine decided to head west before taking a northerly route along the Gray River.

“It is a bit of a detour, but since a lot of refugees move this way, it would be easier to mix with them. We can also determine the drought’s severity by seeing how much the river’s water has decreased. As a messenger, obtaining information is important.”

Azadine decided on the path and walked along the road.

The eastern part of the Backbone of the Desert mountain range was less affected by the drought, but some effects could be felt even here. Even though it was spring, the grass, and trees were dry and twisted along the road.

Tarki had begun to flatter Azadine even more now. It was as if he didn’t want Azadine to hold ill thoughts of him for running away during the fight.

“How amazing it was! The holy knights of the King’s Church were full of life since they were young, and you managed to kill them all.”

“Did you even see how we fought?”

Mediam asked curiously.

“No, I didn’t see it with my own eyes….”

“I guess you didn’t see because you ran away.”

“Euk.”

Tarki was taken aback when Mediam lobbed this accusation at him. If it was his original personality, he wouldn’t have stayed silent. Still, he couldn’t recklessly show off his temper to Mediam, who was a member of the Messenger Clan, in his current situation.

“Hmm. Be quiet. I am tired.”

In Azadine’s case, it would be too much to reach the destination while riding on a Kerim Goat that was carrying a large number of weapons and equipment already. So he had simply grabbed the reins and walked. Yet, no matter how strong Azadine was, he was exhausted from the repeated battles.

“So many people are passing by, so don’t speak of such nonsense. Saying things like killing holy knights or something…”

Azadine mimed a slitting move across his throat. However, the merchants around them began to speak to Azadine.

“The people who are walking there, come have a cup of tea.”

They were normal street peddlers selling tea.

Tea was a popular drink throughout the Eight Kingdoms. In fact, it was considered a daily necessity. Except for a few exceptions where the water was clear, most of the water in the kingdoms was harsh and contained a lot of impurities. People would become sick from drinking it straight.

When water was boiled with tea leaves, the water would become purified and drinkable. Therefore the Gods of Yaegas encouraged the drinking of tea.

Peddlers often made tea for travelers on the roadside and received payment for it. They would set up a stove on a table that could be carried by a single person and boil water there to brew some tea. Some also sold sweets made of mugwort and sugar.

However, the merchant stall that had called Azadine over bore the flag of the Korasar Peddler Guild.

“Come on, the path ahead is long, and there isn’t much water. Let us have a cup of tea.”

Azadine took the tiny wooden chairs from the stall, placed them on the side of the road, and nodded as he sat down.

The merchant glanced at Tarki.

“This knight?”

“A petitioner of the gold coins. It is fine. There will be no leakage of information.”

Azadine vouched for Tarki. A petition made on the gold coin was a form of oath, and those who used it could not betray the messenger of their own will. If not, why would they stay patient with Azadine’s personality?

“Ah, is that so?”

The merchant’s expression, which had been smiling, became stiff. There was a look of relief as he felt no need to maintain a business smile.

“So, this person who ignored all procedures to become a messenger three months ago, where are you headed?”

Those words were laced with sarcasm. Originally, the Messenger Clan changed its ranks only during the biannual summer solstice.

At that time, the old or injured who could no longer serve as messengers would retire. The vacancies left by those who died or retired were filled with young and capable people or those who had been recommended as servants of messengers.

However, Azadine had ignored such things and became a messenger three months ago as a special case. It had happened because of the active and pushy recommendation made by Kazas, an elder in the clan. However, Azadine was the son of a traitor and was well-known as incompetent within the clan.

What threat was worse for crying children than making them marry Azadine?

Was that why even a peddler who was nothing but a servant was being sarcastic to Azadine?

‘This merchant wouldn’t be so disrespectful if he saw Azadine’s skills.’

Mediam thought this, but she had never heard rumors about Azadine’s skills. Bad rumors had spread about him since childhood and continued circulating within the clan, making even servants ignore him.

“We are on the way to Salasma. Is something happening?”

“Yes, it’s a mission you cannot refuse. Yet I’ve heard that you’ve rejected many missions from the district chief, and he hates you? Why are you a messenger if you want to refuse requests?”

“I only work for the Emperor’s gold coins.”

“Haha. There won’t be many of those.”

“…”





Black Magic Chaos (1)


If it’s gold coins, he had already earned them. Since he had three gold coins, he could have bragged about it and silenced the merchant, but Azadine held back.

“Instead, won’t you give me some tea? I think the other travelers would think it strange if you don’t give me tea.”

“Tea… of course, I should.”

The peddler grumbled and brewed some tea.

“Any sweets?”

“Yes, this is a sweet made from sugar wormwood. Ah, you can’t even get money from this messenger, but he seems to keep taking valuables.”

The peddler at the teahouse gave them some sweets, though Azadine felt slightly sorry about it. It was a cookie made by kneading a bitter and sweet herb called sugar wormwood into dough. Azadine gave it out to his party and asked while he continued to sit.

“So what is the mission?”

“The Rescue Knights are doing rescue work ahead of us. We are setting up camps for the refugees and distributing food to them.”

“You are doing a good job. You don’t mean to kill those Rescue Knights, do you?”

“Yes. Well, it’s not that. The only problem is that they are forcibly asking for donations from the merchants by saying they will use it to help the poor.”

“Hmm, well, that is about it.”

Azadine considered it lightly. It was because he felt it was reasonable for Rescue Knights to forcibly ask for donations from the rich to aid the refugees.

‘The Rescue Knight’s rescue actions feel a bit like bandits. While it sounds fine on the surface, I hear that they usually take more in the end. It wasn’t unusual for Azadine to be generous with others. Still, it seemed like he was especially generous with the Rescue Knights? Did his arms bend slightly because he believed in the archangels?’

Mediam had some suspicions.

The tea merchant, an informant of the Messenger Clan, continued to talk.

“So the merchants gathering at the front are turning around outside the road to make a detour. They’ve noticed that a wyvern has been appearing recently.”

“A wyvern?”

“Yes. Refugees who fled because of the drought had become thieves nearby and also appeared… The Rescue Knights are also looking for the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth.”

“And the mission?”

“I want you to deal with the wyverns and bandits on the detour route… will you do it? Or will you refuse again?”

“This much I can do.”

“Ohh, this is surprising? What new wind is this?”

“Since it’s not assassination, but about helping people.”

“Hahaha.”

The tea merchant laughed oddly. Azadine was now slyly criticizing the merchant’s request.

Of course, the tea merchant, who was only a servant in the Messenger Clan hierarchy, had also secretly chided the messenger Azadine. However, the tea merchant presumed himself to have a higher standard. Instead, the tea merchant was the one feeling insulted because he didn’t acknowledge Azadine, who had been pushed forward to become a messenger.

Mediam then asked.

“Azadine… I cannot stand this any longer. Can I do it?”

Azadine nodded at her request.

The tea merchant was puzzled at this exchange.

Srng!

Mediam drew her knife and pointed it at the tea merchant’s neck.

“Uh?!”

Azadine simply continued to sip his tea in this situation.

“How dare a servant mess with a messenger? Are you actually messing with me?”

“N-No…”

“Be polite to the messenger. If not…”

Mediam thrust forward at the merchant’s neck with some force. The merchant had to lie flat on his back with his upper body fully bent to avoid his neck getting pierced.

“Stop.”

Azadine stopped Mediam.

“Mediam, you are of the Ethar and are holding a servant position. However, your opponent has a higher social standing than you. Lineage and position are important, but our clan also values traditions. With that in mind, if you aren’t going to kill him, then put the dagger away.”

“Yes.”

Mediam wiped the blood off her knife and swung it around to sheathe it back before kneeling to Azadine.

As a proud Ethar, she had deliberately knelt excessively to show her respect for Azadine. Of course, it was also for the tea merchant to see.

“…”

The tea merchant was taken aback when he saw how polite Mediam was to Azadine.

“Sorry. The tea you served was delicious, but we showed you such a sight.”

Azadine wasn’t stupid. He knew exactly why Mediam had suddenly drawn her dagger and threatened the tea merchant. He calmly drank his tea and apologized.

“N-No.”

The merchant looked puzzled while touching the wound on his neck. Azadine, the Emperor’s messenger, had apologized on behalf of his rude servant, meaning that the tea merchant had no choice but to accept it. However, feelings were hurt, and the words were true, so the situation felt awkward.

There was a person who lost and a person who apologized. In reality, the two were one and the same.



* * *



After parting ways with the tea merchant, Azadine embarked again on the road. After they crossed a hill, he called Mediam over.

“Mediam”

“Uh?”

“First of all, thanks.”

“Huhu, it is nothing. Now that I am a servant. Those who disrespect you will have to fight with me. Besides, the Korasar Peddler Guild belongs to the Savan, right?”

Savan was one of the five founding families of the Messenger Clan, and they have been at odds with the Ethar for a long time for one reason or another. Mediam had simply taken a chance to show her true self.

“Still, thank you, but don’t insult someone who has deep relationships with people from the Savan. As things get bigger, there are even rumors that a former messenger was purged because the Savan family hated them.”

“If it’s just that, I don’t mind.”

Mediam said this but still showed signs of fear for the Savan. Was it because she was still young and full of confidence?

“But the Messenger Clan seems big and has many members. Was that tea merchant a messenger too?”

Azadine clicked his tongue when Tarki asked this.

“Don’t try to know too much. As you know, we can’t expose too much of the organization from our standpoint.”

“Still, it seems really capable and powerful. If I had access to it, I’d be well on my way to becoming Count…”

“….”

“N-Nothing. It was nothing.”

Tarki, who received a glare from Azadine, fell silent. He was becoming greedy after seeing Azadine’s skills and the power of a messenger.

If they actively helped him, he would easily become the Count. It was obvious what he was thinking, so Azadine sighed.

“You believed it when someone said you would become the Count’s successor. Are you stupid?”

“Uh?”

“Count Casel is still young. You don’t want to determine an order of succession at a young age. You said your mother is from a family with money and low nobility ranking?”

Otherwise, there would be no way he could have gotten the Emperor’s Gold Coin and also hired some mercenaries.

“Yes.”

“Since the Count is the head of the family, everyone knows that the wife comes with property and would need to do what is necessary. Should we use this for a good reason for once? It isn’t like the Count is an old man who will die in a couple of days. When the time comes, even new children born before then will gather and change the situation.”

“Then we cannot just give up without doing anything, right?”

“Please just give up. Wouldn’t it be easier on your body and mind to sit back on the Count’s time instead of pretending to be a knight and plundering people?”

“Being at the Count’s court isn’t comfortable.”

“Well, if more people like you who have bad personalities roam around, you’d just end up harming normal civilians. If you feel uncomfortable about being in a mansion, just commit suicide and head to the afterlife. The people of Hubris, unlike the Aragasa, believe in the soul and an afterlife after all.”

“No, why are you being so abusive….”

“Then be aware of the abuse that you are enduring! The civilians that you looted will end up starving to death. Ahh, there is an inn there. The merchant said something about it.”

Azadine spotted the inn ahead of them as he was harassing Tarki. At a glance, it seemed to be an inn for those of higher ranks and adventurers to gather.

Two people, a man and a woman, approached them. Their skin was of a darker shade.

“Brother Tarki!”

“Is it Tarki?”

“You two?”

Tarki, who recognized them, looked at Azadine in shock.

“Who?”

“My half-siblings.”

“Your competitors.”

Azadine’s silent question asked if they were the half-siblings who went after Tarki’s mother’s lands after they overused their stipend from the Count.

“No, not them. They are members of the Cell Sword Guild.”

The Cell Sword Guild was known to be a group of mercenaries and adventurers. It was said that at a young age, they had given up competing in an inheritance battle and joined to act like mercenaries or adventurers.

He didn’t know if they had a good sense of reality or if they had given up due to lacking support from their mothers. However, unlike Tarki, who acted like a noble, they wore lightweight armor and carried swords, bows, and spears.

“Hello, brother. Who are these people?”

“Ah, these people…”

Azadine stepped forward and spoke.

“We are pilgrims. Fortunately, Sir Tarki is escorting us.”

“Uh? Brother is with pilgrims?”

“And the mercenaries?”

“Ah, those people betrayed me.”

“Betrayed?”

“We split up because they wouldn’t listen to me.”

Tarki gave them that excuse. After all, the truth was the mercenaries he had hired had become followers of the Kurt clan and turned an eastern village into a mess… It would be better for him to avoid responsibility after claiming he had no more contact with them.

“Are you fine after they betrayed you?”

Mercenaries often killed their employers when they chose betrayal. Under such conditions, there was little chance Tarki could have survived.

“No, those bastards abandoned me because our conditions didn’t align. Honestly, I don’t know if it can be called a betrayal.”

“I-is that so? Ah, I am Kaka.”

“I am Chico.”

The two siblings introduced themselves to Azadine’s group.

“I am Azadine, this is Mediam and Ismail.”

Azadine didn’t use any fake names but gave them their real names.

“So, what are you all doing here?”

“Ah, we are working at the Cell Sword Guild.”

“The merchants asked us to eliminate a wyvern spotted around here.”

“Wyvern? You aren’t looking for the book?”

“We have no idea where that book even is.”

“Wouldn’t you be able to hear rumors or something when you travel around?”

“Are you also going to search for it and aim to be the count?”

“As if. Our mother isn’t interested in us… and we don’t have the background to fight for that position.”

“If I find a copy of the book. I will sell it. I wish my brother would buy it from me. Brother Tarki is much better than Kozel.”

Azadine, who heard this, laughed.





Black Magic Chaos (2)


Perhaps Kozel was indeed trash-like among the Count’s children. However, Tarki wasn’t all that different, considering he plundered innocent people.

But these two, Kaka and Chicho, must be saying these nice things because they felt close to Tarki. If they met Kozel, they would probably say the same things to him too.

This was an obvious attitude, and, considering their actions, they were trying to not make many enemies within the family.

“So, where is brother heading to?”

“I am heading back to Salasma. I lost the mercenaries, and I have to move around alone… coincidentally, these people were also heading in the same direction, so they are accompanying me.”

“Well, if you continue this way, the Rescue Knights are camped that way.”

The two then turned towards Mediam and Ismail.

“… such a beauty. A girl this pretty might get picked up by the Rescue Knights. You should try avoiding that.”

The Rescue Knights recruited orphans from all over the world, and there were rumors that they often kidnapped healthy-looking children. Kaka and Chico must have warned her because she was the kind of pretty child that was quite in demand.

“Are you telling me to avoid that path and join the wyvern hunt? We aren’t fighters, just simple pilgrims.”

Azadine’s group were now disguised as innocent pilgrims, helpless people who had asked Tarki to escort them. Yet with the threat of Mediam being dragged away by the Rescue Knights, they should join a hunt instead?

“Well, I am indeed asking you to do that. It just means joining a group that is taking a different route. Now that there are many people, bandits and monsters wouldn’t recklessly attack you.”

When trying to avoid packs of monsters and bandits, even strangers would group up to increase their numbers. However… it was surprising that they would choose to avoid crossing paths with the Rescue Knights.

Suppose the bandits and monsters were possible disasters that may or may not happen. Were the Rescue Knights a confirmed disaster?

“Even if it is a wyvern, it would avoid places people travel through. We are going to hunt it, but we’ll do it separately. We will just go on the same path for now.”

“Hmm?”

However, Azadine, who had faith in the three archangels, asked curiously?

“But do we really need to avoid the Rescue Knights? Even by going off the path? No matter what kind of people they are, they wouldn’t possibly force a child who didn’t want to join them, right?”

“….”

Kaka, Chico, and even Tarki were surprised.

“It seems like you’re a sincere believer…”

“Is he stupid? Maybe that is why he is a pilgrim. What is he talking about?”

“Anyways, the Rescue Knights cadres blocking the path here are dangerous because they are the corrupt ones.”

“Ah.”

Azadine understood that.

“No matter what group there is, when they are working away from their principles, it is hard to reason with them.”

“Ahaha, r-right”

Kaka let out a flustered laugh.

“Then let us head this way.”

Azadine’s party requested Kaka and Chico to let them join their group. The siblings then led them to join a party made up of their employers and merchants.

“It is good to have a lot of people. Even thieves and beasts won’t attack us recklessly if we have a large party.”

The merchants readily welcomed their new companions.



* * *



While staying overnight at an inn, the merchants and adventurers invited Azadine to a drinking party.

“Aren’t you pilgrims moving safely, thanks to our adventurers? Let’s sit down and be friends for now.”

They said they wanted to strengthen their bond, but it was more of them talking about sacrificing their bodies for money. They had hired the adventurers and paid for the security, but Azadine was just along for a free ride.

‘Even if we are helpless pilgrims like they said, it would be important to fill the number into a large one to avoid thieves and beasts, right? Is it too much to hire mercenaries? The merchants don’t seem that great.’

The mood was already turning sour, so he was worried about how the situation would end up later. Of course, the man spoke without thinking because he was drunk. Still, he must be saying this to Azadine because he was acting meek.

Azadine refused to drink. He wore a helmet to hide his wound and would have to show his face if he decided to drink. The scars on his face were memorable, so he didn’t want to reveal them to others.

“Since I am a pilgrim, I have to refuse.”

“Huh. This young friend is being timid again.”

“It will be hard to be a pilgrim if we falter right from the start.”

“No, it is because we don’t have a specific time or place for our pilgrimage. I am doing this to gain some enlightenment and gain good karma.”

“Ahh. He must have done something in his hometown.”

“Did you touch some noble’s daughter?”

When everyone saw Azadine, the pilgrim, they most likely saw him as a young man who had caused an accident in his hometown and fled under the pretext of a pilgrimage.

“Ehh, stop now. Do not mess with this boring friend. Do not expect anything from him.”

Fearing that Azadine or Mediam would get angry, Tarki tried to stop them, but the drunk people continued to question Azadine.

Azadine took his helmet off. Since he was traveling with them, it would be impossible to keep his helmet on when eating and drinking. Besides, if he had to show his face one day, it would be better to show it from the start instead in the middle. He had placed a blindfold over his eyes.

“Uh? What is that?”

“I have a wound there. The pus keeps coming out.”

The blindfold looked wet as if something was leaking. It was oil from the Kerim Goats’ hair mixed with wax that was applied together to resemble pus.

But of course, the people there didn’t need to know that.

“But can you see in front of you?”

“I can see through this gap. Very little.”

Azadine lied again. No one was interested in touching a wet blindfold. They didn’t even look at it for that long.

“Now, let us all have a drink!”

The merchants and adventurers offered a drink to Azadine.

“Drinking alcohol when the wound is severe makes it worse.”

“It’s bound to happen anyway, right? Is the pus oozing? So whether you drink or not, it doesn’t matter.”

“Hehehe.”

Everyone was drunk and went back to talking.

“Will you not drink? I will have to consider this as a party. You were moving with the children and didn’t want them to be taken away by the Rescue Knights, right?”

“But are they your son and daughter? If not, your siblings? The girl is very pretty.”

“Siblings.”

“Is that so? You don’t look alike. Even your hair color doesn’t match.”

“We are cousins.”

“And you are on a journey with those children?”

“Yes, but I have other relatives, so we intend to meet with them.”

“Hahaha. If it is alright, how about sending her to our family as an adopted daughter?”

“….”

Sending a child as an adopted daughter could be taken literally. Still, it could also be a vague proposal about raising a pretty child to be their future lover.

Therefore there needed to be an understanding when making an adoption proposal to not cause mishaps and speak about how the child would be raised.

These merchants don’t seem to have good characters considering how they acted after a few drinks.

“You, drink, man!”

The drunkards kept forcing Azadine to drink too.

“S-sorry for refusing so much.”

Azadine finally accepted the drink.



* * *
