“I know what you’re thinking, but there are plenty of ways to tiptoe around it. For example, what if one House annexed another without destroying it? Or kidnapped important hostages to use as leverage? People have done worse things than that over the centuries. There’s no telling how low some families are willing to stoop in the face of such a treasure.”

Percy swallowed a lump of saliva. If this was true, the world outside the Guild’s walls was going to become even more dangerous than usual. After all, the majority of Blue and Violet cored mages on Remior could instantly grow stronger with a petal, elevating their House’s status. Naturally, they’d do everything to get more of them.

“Thanks for the warning, sir. I have no intention of going anywhere anytime soon.” Percy said.

Another half-truth. He’d have to return home before the five years were up. However, that was some time away. He wasn’t even remotely close to meeting his goals in the Guild just yet. In fact, he’d barely even begun tackling them.

After bidding his mentor farewell, Percy leisurely strolled to his place. Since the brewing session had finished earlier than expected, he had some time to kill. It wasn’t enough to go back to the Spire and he was already used to sleeping less, so he didn’t feel the need to go to bed either.

Instead, he was going to deal with something else that had been bothering him for a while.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 57 – Nesha

A note from PathOfPen

Scorching Ascension - [Progression Litrpg Apocalypse]

A system apocalypse where everyone must choose a class of wands instead of a class, and where survival depends on upgrading and mastering them.

Ethan Voss had been restocking soup cans when the system found his world. Its first order of business? Forcing everyone to select a class of wands, and then subjecting them to a process reserved for mana-less worlds: The Integration Tutorials. To prepare them for what is to come once they are back in their world.

Equipped with soul-bound wands that evolve and shift forms, the participants are thrust into brutal trials where survival demands rapid growth, and where the monsters aren't the only source of levels and wand fragments.

For Ethan, this was perfect. This new world would be his chance to forge himself a new life outside of the shadow of his past. He just needed a chance and this might just be it. He will claw himself to the top, no matter the cost.

* * *

~ Start reading - Chapter 1 ~

* * *

What to expect:

- System-integration Litrpg with a twist: No classes, only wands.

- An ambitious MC that rewards favors and has no qualms returning slights.

- Spicy cat

- A highly customizable magic system, with imaginative spell combinations

- Earned and fast (but not too fast) progression of a weak to strong MC through levels, stats, and interesting traits

- No harems

- Inspired by Noita for the wand customization.

Schedule: Tuesday to Friday, 11:25 EST, chapters of 1.5~2k words each. 4 chapters / week for now.

Publishing on RoyalRoad and Patreon only.

Editing by @madsadie (WIP)

Patreon

Discord

A ray of sunlight pierced through the blockade, causing her eyelid to twitch. Evidently, even the extra layer of clothes she had clumsily draped over the curtain wasn’t perfect. But alas, she couldn’t be asked to adjust it. The girl ignored the disturbance, shifting on her pillow. A couple seconds later, she was asleep again.

It was noon the next time she woke up. The intensity of her headache clued her in. Nesha was a bit of an expert in that department. Her body refused to remain asleep any longer, regardless of how hard she pushed. She’d already rested way longer than necessary, but it wasn’t like there was a point to getting up. With a shrug, she remained there, staring at the ceiling for another hour.

Only when her stomach grumbled did she begrudgingly reach for the glasses on the nightstand. Practically dragging her feet along the stone floor, Nesha made her way to the preservation box. She grabbed a couple oranges – the first things she saw – before peeling them with her mana. Tossing a segment into her mouth, she bit down a little too hard, accidentally sending some juice down her chin. It was a bit too sour for her taste, causing her brow to pucker up. She was also getting sick of eating the same five things over and over.

Technically, Nesha knew how to cook. Her father – the patriarch of the Veritas House – had made sure her maids taught her.

‘A lot of good it did me.’ she chuckled. ‘Or him.’

Born with an Orange core, she’d never been destined to succeed Janos as the new leader, nor to become a powerful mage. That said, she did have two gifts that were of value to her family. The first was the bloodline. It didn’t matter how high her grade was, or what affinity she had, the Truthseeker ability worked the same way regardless. That’s why she had been brought up learning about trade and psychology. The second was that she was a woman, and she could have made for a useful chip to be given away in a political marriage.

Sadly for Janos, things hadn’t gone according to plan. Backstabbed by his allies, the man had seen his House crumble before his very eyes. His last – and one of the few – acts of love towards his daughter had been to send her to the Guild to seek asylum.

It took Nesha another half an hour to dress up and reach the door.

‘Why do I even bother?’ she wondered as she headed toward her stand.

Nesha didn’t really care about the contribution points. Her core’s advancement wasn’t a priority for her, nor had she any interest in alchemy. Supposedly, her space affinity could have made her good at hunting, but there was no way she’d ever be powerful enough to hurt her enemies – the ones who ruined her life – by herself.

Perhaps, she harboured hope of finding a different way to enact her revenge. Maybe, deep down, she believed she could hire assassins or something if she amassed enough wealth.

Either way, it was a pipe dream, but she could work on it in her own way. She wasn’t going to waste her time killing the wasps one at a time to collect nectar like a brute. Nor was she going to get her hands dirty brewing elixirs. If there was one thing she was confident about, it was her ability to get rich in a more sophisticated manner.

‘Slow and steady…’

And yeah, she wasn’t exactly in a rush either.

Reaching her stand, she took out five jars filled with orange and yellow coins, placing them next to her. Nesha could have emptied them at home of course, but she’d brought the money here intentionally. She understood giving the appearance of a successful business was the key to attracting even more customers. It was why it had taken her longer than she’d liked at the beginning. Then, she rested her face on the counter, forcing herself to take another nap.

A few minutes later, a young man in yellow approached. Nesha caught him eyeing the jars, but she wasn’t worried. Nobody was stupid enough to steal in the Guild in broad daylight.

“Selling or buying?” she asked.

The man smirked at her.

“Selling. I found a place with dozens of Starry Soldiers clustered together somewhere on the third level. I can tell you the exact location for 50 points.”

Nesha didn’t even spare him a glance.

“Not interested.”

She resumed her nap.

The guy slammed his fist next to her.

“What bullshit business are you running, you slut?! Are you buying information, or not?!?!”

Nesha didn’t bother with him. Neither did any of the passerbys. Everyone was familiar with his type. After not getting a reaction for several seconds, the asshole clicked his tongue before walking away.

More people approached her in irregular intervals. Many tried to sell – but very few of them were honest. Some were willing to spend a few coins on information. Almost everyone was interested in the third level. It wasn’t like there weren’t Green cores in the Guild, but most of them were veterans who knew the ropes well. Nesha hadn’t made much money from them since she expanded her business to the fourth level.

‘Maybe it’s time to switch things up.’

She’d known from the beginning brokering information on the Spire wouldn’t be very profitable. That said, it had been less of a hassle to start with. At least, it didn’t require an initial capital nor too much effort. Still, Nesha had amassed more than enough money for her next step. At this point, she was just procrastinating.

‘Fine, I’ll do it…’

Another guy approached, drawing her attention. She recognized him. Although she hadn’t socialized much in the Guild, the boy had made a slight impression as the only Red-born in her orientation. Since then, she often watched him walk by. He almost never missed a day from hunting. Nesha couldn’t recall seeing him leave – he probably tended to head out early – but she did spot him on the way back nearly every night.

‘What does he want though? Is he going to offer me information on the second level? Who would even buy that?’

The young man stopped before her. He was holding something under his arm – a wide plank of wood.

“Hello there. I’m Percy. You might not remember me, but we joined on the same day.”

Nesha nodded, still waiting to see what he wanted.

“In any case, I’ve noticed you’ve been using this shoddy sign for a while. I had some free time today, so I figured I could help a peer out.”

He then shifted the plank, showing her its contents. It basically read the same as her current one, but the words had been carved with more care, and it did away with the patchwork.

She raised an eyebrow. In her experience, there were only two reasons he’d do this. Either he saw her business growing and wanted to ingratiate himself with her… Or, like a typical guy, he wanted to get in her pants. And frankly, Nesha wasn’t interested in either.

“Why?” she asked, barely masking her irritation.

The boy – Percy – exhaled before speaking.

“Ok, I know it will sound weird, but I have something to confess.”

Nesha smirked.

‘And there it is. Just spill it out so I can tell you to fuck off.’

“So uhm… I keep seeing your sign every time I return from the Spire and… It kinda irks me.” he smiled wryly. “I mean no offense or anything, but I’d rather look at this one.”

Her jaw slackened at the revelation. She was about to call him out on his bullshit excuse, but her bloodline corroborated his words. The madman was telling the truth!

“Hello? I hope I haven’t overstepped or anything. You don’t have to use it if you don’t want.” he said after a while.

“Ah, no! Leave it. Ehh… Thanks I guess.”

“No worries!”

The young man waved at her, already walking to the plump guy’s stand.

‘What a strange boy…’

Shrugging, she picked up the new sign. It really did look better than the other one. Also, there was more space at the bottom. Pulling the nails from the stand, she removed the previous sign, replacing it with the one Percy had given her. Then, she flipped the old one around, as she carved some new words on it with her mana, before clumsily patching it under the new sign.

Giving it one last look, she nodded in satisfaction.

It read:

‘BUYING AND SELLING INFORMATION ON THE THIRD AND FOURTH LEVELS

[ALSO GAMBLING]’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 58 – Soul channels

A note from PathOfPen

Singer Sailor Merchant Mage

Jack Smith’s life ended rather abruptly. Spinning out on ice while driving a truck was not the most magnificent method to depart this earth. A mediocre man he had led an ordinary life until his death. Now with a second chance at life, he decided that this time he would be exceptional. This time he would finally live up to his name. After all, a jack of all trades is a master of none but ultimately better than one.

Armed with a system and determination to do his best he sets out like any other reincarnated soul in another world to find his place and achieve great things. There is just one small problem with getting started in this endeavour . . . he is yet to be born!

Welcome to a progression fantasy with a twist. What might you be able to achieve if your race to the top began before your body had even been born?

Join our hero as he masters the language, magics and skills of the Compass Kingdoms but his first great challenge will be learning to walk once more.

. . . .

Warning 1: Be prepared for the MC to spend an entire book's worth of words and time as an infant but hopefully you will enjoy it nevertheless.

Warning 2: Grandfather is legally abusive to MC for a couple of chapters but he is removed from that situation around chapter 30. To be edited out some time in the future.

‘I can’t believe she couldn’t even wait a week.’

Carving that sign for the drowsy girl hadn’t taken him longer than ten minutes. It wasn’t a big deal for him, but it had only proven just how lazy she was, having not bothered to do it herself after so many months.

In any case, Percy had considered it a great investment of his time. The sheer satisfaction he’d draw by not having to look at that abomination every day would pay dividends for a while.

Or so he’d thought. One could only imagine his shock upon seeing his work desecrated with a new patch the very next morning.

‘At least I got some useful information out of it.’

Apparently not one who liked owing people, the girl had called him over the following night, giving him a free tip to thank him for the donation. She’d informed Percy of a location on the northwestern side of the Fungal Spire to be wary of. On a map of the second level, she’d circled a couple dozen mushrooms, telling him to avoid wandering there by mistake.

In terms of elevation, those platforms were much higher than the rest of the second level, bringing them closer to the third. Consequently, Starry Soldiers were known to roam those mushrooms, making them extremely dangerous for an Orange core like Percy. However, they were considered part of the second level on paper, because they could only be accessed from below. Their closest neighbours on the third level were too far away, making it impractical to build bridges between them.

“Good to know.” he’d grinned at the time.

The girl – Nesha – had only told him out of concern for his safety, but Percy had heard something entirely different from what she’d intended. He could hunt Starry Soldiers on the second level!

His profits had plateaued for a while now, and he was already considering giving the Yellow beasts a shot sooner or later. What worried him the most was he wouldn’t be able to hunt them while keeping all his trump cards secret, and the third level was always crowded. The location Nesha had so graciously shared would let him do it with the same privacy he’d come to enjoy!

‘I’m still not ready though.’

Percy understood the soldiers would rip him to shreds as he was. He’d only consider approaching them once he could use Circulation with both cores. Sadly, his results in that department were rather mixed. He’d already finished clearing his second set of channels and he was currently busy tempering them. This was the easiest step, as it only involved pushing mana through them, forcing them to expand little by little, until they couldn’t grow any wider. It was the next and final step that stumped him, however.

‘Is it even possible to use Circulation with soul mana?!’

Percy had known from the very beginning that each affinity introduced its own variables into the technique, requiring some adjustments to be made. Elaine and Archibald had already learned the hard way, having unblocked a very different network of channels to his own. They’d also been forced to discover the correct pattern for their mana by themselves. In fact, his cousin had still not managed to solve the issue by the time he’d left the Avalon House.

Consequently, he’d already expected his soul affinity would come with its own set of challenges. However, he couldn’t have predicted just how many roadblocks he would encounter in his quest. First, there was the issue with tempering his soul rather than his body, but luckily his clones had passively helped him do that. More problems popped up back when he began unblocking the channels though. Each affinity might have its own set of pathways, but at least they were typically fixed in place. This wasn’t the case for Percy.

‘They’re like intestines!’ he’d noted when he first tried opening them.

The ones he had cleared as a child were still ok, as they branched out from his sternum to his soul’s extremities. In other words, both their ends were anchored in set locations, making these channels relatively static, much like other affinities. In his analogy, they were like the large intestine.

However, the rest of his channels – the ones that looped around his soul – were a lot more fluid. Like the small intestine, they shuffled around with each ‘bowel movement’. Their connections were still fixed in relation to one another, but there was a lot of leeway for them to bend and turn, making the entire network look very different from one moment to the next.

‘How am I even meant to find the correct pattern like this?!’

Locating and clearing a single channel wasn’t that hard, but to use Circulation he had to look at all of them at the same time and find a pattern that took the whole system into account.

‘CAW! CAW!’

Micky sent him an image of his next targets, pulling him out of his thoughts. Shrugging, he began running towards the bridge.

‘I suppose I’ve still got some time left to figure this out.’

It would be a few more months until he finished tempering his channels. He sure hoped he’d work out the correct pattern by then.

Over the next several hours, Percy absentmindedly hunted the Starry Workers along with his familiar. By now, he’d been doing this for so long the arduous task was firmly embedded into his routine.

Keeping Circulation active with his second core. Tempering his soul channels. Rushing from one mushroom to the next. Forming his weapons. Executing the bugs swiftly. Feeding them to the crow. Extracting the nectar from their glands. None of it required much focus, allowing him to keep thinking about the issue.

‘Maybe what I need is a change in perspective. I’ve been thinking of my soul affinity in the same terms as my pure affinity, but it’s clearly a different beast.’

From his experience travelling between worlds, Percy knew that disembodied souls tended to perceive time and space very differently from living people. In that state, a single moment could stretch into days, while a single step could bridge unfathomable distances. In the same vein, it was perhaps a mistake trying to fit his soul and its corresponding channels into the same mould as his body’s.

He grimaced.

‘That’s easier said than done…’

It wasn’t like he hadn’t tried sensing his soul more deeply in the past. However, inhabiting his own body was very different than drifting outside Remior, or fighting to possess others with his clones. In the latter case, his soul was but a fragment, free to move within a much larger vessel, in constant contact with an external – often hostile – soul. Here, his soul existed alone, in its rightful vessel, without much space to move or anything else touching it.

‘CAW!’

Micky called out to him once again. Percy checked the four vials in his pocket. Three were filled to the brim with nectar as the fourth one was a little over halfway there. The sun was also about to set.

‘Shit, I’m going to be late.’

Handing his familiar a rejuvenation potion, he bid him farewell in a hurry, before drinking a diluted elixir and rushing back to the Guild. It was still his first week brewing under Orin’s supervision and he didn’t want to keep his mentor waiting.

After entering the settlement, he sprinted to the old alchemist’s house. He did grab a Honey Roll, only because he was so hungry he might faint during the session otherwise, but he didn’t have time for a chat with Freddy tonight.

Nor would he visit the official stores today. Due to alchemy eating into his schedule, he was already earning less than 400 points per hunt, so he no longer needed to stop by every night.

He barely managed to swallow the last bite of his meal by the time he made it to Orin’s door. He downed the enlightenment potion too while waiting for the man to open.

“Another busy day?” his mentor asked with a smile after seeing his student out of breath once more.

Percy nodded, having already flushed out all thoughts of souls and mana channels out of his mind, replacing them with a different set of problems. Right now, the only thing he was thinking about was how to mix those damn ingredients properly.

Making his way to the cauldron, he rolled up his sleeves, fully aware he was going to get his ass kicked here too. But he wouldn’t let this bother him.

Taking a deep breath, he prepared himself before tossing the ingredients in.

‘I’m going to reach the top, one step at a time.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 59 – Floating

A note from PathOfPen

From Londoner

To Lord (4500 Followers)

Steven awakens to a nightmare. Transported to a brutal medieval kingdom on a faraway world, he wakes up as Kivamus, the exiled third son of a Duke.

Now he's the newly made Baron of a crumbling village called Tiranat, in a bandit-ridden frontier located within untamed forests. Here, survival is a daily battle, resources are scarce, and technology is a distant dream.

Yet, he sees potential where the villagers only see struggle. He dreams of using his knowledge to forge a new future for Tiranat, a future fueled by industry.

But the path to progress is not going to be easy. Managing a starving village in the coming winter and navigating the cut-throat world of medieval politics is just the beginning.

* * *

This is a slow progression kingdom-builder story, with a lot of focus on world-building and eventually, industrialization and tech-uplifting. The story is going to be very, very long. Settle in for a slow burn, where the journey is just as important as the destination. Welcome aboard!

Percy’s feelings towards his clones had shifted a lot over time.

His first attempts had been defined by pain and confusion, as he hadn’t had the slightest clue how his bloodline was supposed to work back then. Yet oddly enough, those very trips to the Moirais’ world and Huehue had proven his most successful ones by far.

Suffice to say, by the time he’d developed a proper understanding of his ability, his greed and anticipation had reached an all-time high. Of course, that had only led to disappointment during his crappy adventure in the gecko’s body, which was soon followed by several equally fruitless trips.

That said, things had flipped around once more since then. No, he hadn’t found anything else of value, but that was precisely why he had learned to lower his expectations, to the point the shitty bodies and gruesome deaths no longer bothered him.

If anything, he had slowly come to appreciate the novelty of his adventures. Initially, Percy had pitied his clones, who had to endure all those hardships just so he could benefit. Nowadays, he was beginning to think it was his main body who had drawn the short end of the stick, however.

‘I’ll take freezing to death and getting eaten by crabs over picking apart one more bloody wasp. Or brewing another pot of sludge.’

And it was with this mindset that clone #13 had embraced his new holiday.

Things were looking up for him too! He’d found a suitable body fairly quickly and it hadn’t even resisted much – unlike clones #9 and #11 who had imploded before even doing anything. In fact, his new host was even more zen than the lizard, happy to relax and give him the reins. Not out of fear – just pure, unmitigated chill.

‘Why am I spinning though?’

Percy tried looking down at his body, but failed to even glimpse at his limbs. A curved wall of grey fur was in the way.

‘Ok… Another beast. Shocker. But why is it so FAT?!’

Getting dizzy, he tried to stop rotating. There was nothing to grab against! Though he wasn’t underwater – he’d already experienced that, and this was different.

‘What the hell is going on?! Did we fall off a cliff or something?!’

After experimenting for a few minutes, he realized he could slow down by stretching his limbs. He still couldn’t see them, but they seemed to respond to his commands all the same. He also had some damn powerful lungs, as he managed to completely halt his movements by blowing the other way!

By now, he’d also verified he wasn’t falling. If he were, he’d have splattered on the ground already. No, his host was floating! In the sky!

‘That’s a new one.’

Paying more attention to his surroundings, he soon noticed he couldn’t see very far. A light brown fog partially obscured his vision. At first, he wondered whether his host had suffocated or been poisoned to death by the substance. However, he instinctively felt there was nothing wrong with it. As if inhaling the gas was the most normal thing in the world.

‘Come to think of it, it tastes a bit like strawberry juice.’

Percy took a few deep breaths, enjoying the flavour. Even if it was harmful… Who cared, right?

Next, he remembered his purpose here, opening his Status.

* * *

Percival's clone

Mana cores:

[Mana core 1 – Yellow – Beast]

[Mana core 2 – Seed – ???]

Spells:

[Parting Gift – Crude]

???:

[???] – Grants access to your Status.

[??? (Incomplete)] – Grants the seed of a second mana core. Requires potent life mana to germinate.

* * *

He nodded, not seeing anything out of place. His host was at Yellow too, making him one of the luckier clones so far.

Although, if there was anything of value here, he’d have to look for it. His best means of navigating the environment was to propel himself by blowing air. He didn’t know if the beast had something better in its arsenal, but it refused to share if it did.

Since his eyes couldn’t peer through the fog, Percy activated Mana Sense, soon getting a couple readings. They were at Orange, so he wasn’t too concerned. Not that he had any clue how to fight in his current body, but the creatures hopefully wouldn’t attack unprovoked.

He cautiously approached the nearest one, a bizarre animal appearing in his sight. It looked very different to anything he’d seen, but the closest match would be a cat. Maybe. Not really. Its body was round like a ball, covered in long, pink, curly fluff. It actually looked ridiculous as it rotated slowly, without a care in the world. Every time its head spun his way, it watched him curiously, with its three eyes half-opened and its four ears lazily hanging aside.

‘Is it the same species as me? Is that what I look like?’

That should be it. After all, why else would it remain so calm when approached by a beast at a higher grade? Although it did appear smaller. Half his radius maybe? Less?

Percy inched closer, trying not to startle it. His worries were unfounded though, as the furball wasn’t fazed in the slightest. When he was in front of it, he shifted slightly. Roughly estimating where his paw was, he gave it a gentle shove. Was that rude? He didn’t know, nor care. The creature didn’t mind either, continuing to inhale some fog of its own as it drifted away.

‘Am I definitely a clone? Maybe this is just a dream...’

Well, dream or not, he fully intended to get his time’s worth.

Falling back to Mana Sense, he moved around, examining a dozen more creatures. They all looked the same, but their fur was either pink, brown or black. He’d yet to find another grey one like himself. And they all had Orange cores.

‘Hmmm… Maybe my host died of old age? It would explain the different colour and grade.’

In any case, he had to get out of the fog. Harmful or not, he could barely see past his nose. That kinda went against his goal of finding something useful. He decided to descend to the ground, when another question popped up in his mind.

‘Does this world even have a ground? Or is it all sky?’

If there was any gravity, he couldn’t differentiate it from the buoyancy holding him up. Not seeing any other solution, he exhaled as much air as he could, causing his body to shrivel slightly. That seemed to do the trick as he began falling a certain direction. After falling a few metres, he inhaled again to slow down. He had no idea how high he was, but he’d rather not turn into meat paste so soon. Luckily, his situation changed after a while.

‘Now we’re getting somewhere.’

The brown fog thinned as he descended, letting him see further. It wasn’t perfect, but he could now vaguely spot land underneath him, as well as some rocky peaks in the distance. He saw more of his species floating around too.

Shrugging, he continued his controlled fall with more confidence than before, stopping when he was a dozen metres from the ground. The fog still surrounded him, but it wasn’t as intrusive.

‘It’s also less tasty…’ he frowned.

No wonder the rest of the cat-thingies preferred floating higher. But this wasn’t the time to indulge in alien delicacies, so he simply began moving towards a random direction, parallel to the ground. Hopefully his higher vantage point would help him find something interesting soon.

***

This was getting annoying. Percy had to blow opposite to where he wanted to go, so he was forced to turn around every few seconds. It had already been a few hours since he descended, and he’d travelled a fair distance. His higher grade helped some, although his host didn’t seem to be the fastest flyer. Well, either that or he was doing something wrong.

‘Maybe these things move by farting?’

He briefly entertained the idea of giving it a shot, but he shook his head. Inconvenient or not, he’d rather keep his dignity.

Percy hadn’t found anything either. It was just more rocky plains and hills all around him. He had no idea how far they stretched, and he hadn’t seen any other living beings either. Well, besides the furballs. His species seemed to be extremely abundant in this world. Or this region at least.

The only slight oddity he spotted was a higher concentration of both the fog and the cats somewhere in the distance. It was difficult to make out, but it appeared there was some large vent there, spewing the brown gas into the air.

‘I guess it’s a natural phenomenon. It all comes from the ground. Should I check it out?’

Judging from everything he’d seen to that point, not only was the substance not harmful to him, it was beneficial even. If he approached, he might find something interesting there, or at least he’d get a better taste of the strawberry vapor.

‘But it’s going to be a pain to navigate out of it.’

In the end, he decided to circle around it for now. He could consider returning later if he found nothing else.

SHREEEEEEE

Hearing a shrill cry, he snapped his head to the right. A shadow was approaching rapidly, bringing up some bad memories.

‘Not this again!’

Whatever it was, he knew he couldn’t outrun it, so he began blowing downwards to gain elevation. His only hope was to ascend high enough to lose it in the fog. However, the monster was getting closer much faster than he climbed. He’d never make it in time!

A few seconds later, he could already make out its features. It was a fierce lizard-like creature, with its two forelimbs ending in large membranous wings. He thought he saw three ruby-like eyes glinting on its face too. And it was five times his size.

‘Whatever, I guess it’s another bust.’

Resigning to his fate, he stopped struggling after noticing the Green core thrumming in the creature’s frame. Yet, when he was sure the monster was about to pounce on him, something strange happened. It just circled around him, continuing on its way, ignoring him entirely!

‘What’s the deal with this place?!’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 60 – Docile

A note from PathOfPen

By S_Winter

How would you like to reinvent yourself?

Fight. Survive. Build. Tame. Thrive? Lured by the promise of a mysterious inheritance, Markus Wolfe discovers that he must first survive a year on a savage world full of dinosaurs and other weird and terrifying creatures. To succeed, he'll have to learn to question everything he once knew and use his new magical Tamer Class.

What to expect:

Regular posting schedule (5 chapters per week Friday - Tuesday)

Weak to strong character over time

Light LitRPG elements (stats, levelling system, skills, magic, etc.)

Survival fantasy, reminiscent of survival games like Conan Exiles

Awesome Tames who evolve

Exploration and discovery

Some dark themes

-----------------

Here is an additional link in case the link under the picture doesn’t work:

Link: https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/68750/taming-destiny-a-tamer-class-isekaiportal-survival

Beasts didn’t just ignore tasty meals.

Not all of them were cannibals, but if they encountered prey of a different species and a lower grade, their reaction was essentially set in stone. So, Percy had no clue why the flying lizard decided to spare him all of a sudden.

‘Come to think of it, there was something off with its mana.’

He hadn’t cared at the time, but the creature’s core burned less intensely than it should for its size. The flow in its channels also appeared stilted and the colour muted.

‘Is it sick? Blind even?’

If it hadn’t seen him nor used Mana Sense, it would explain how he got lucky. Then again, that didn’t sound right. Percy was pretty sure the creature had gone out of its way to avoid him. Not attacking had been a conscious choice.

‘Maybe everything here is docile. Could be something in the fog.’

His own species were the least aggressive beasts he’d ever seen, and they seemed to thrive off the substance. Either way, there wasn’t enough data to tell for sure. In any case, Percy wasn’t one to look a gift horse in the mouth. Since he got a second chance, he resumed his journey, this time flying higher to more easily escape to the clouds in a pinch.

A while later, he found something else worth noting. Splitting the plain in half, a river gushed through the stone. It was wider than the Guild’s settlement, and he couldn’t tell what lied at either end as it trailed off in the mist. He wasn’t even sure if it was water flowing through it. The liquid was a light brown colour. If it was water, it was polluted by the same substance permeating the air.

‘Great! Progress!’

Percy’s feline heart skipped a beat, as he began tracing the river upstream. If this was drinkable, it should lead him to something alive sooner or later.

And it turned out to be sooner. He didn’t need to fly higher either, as the new creatures he ran into were land-dwellers this time. One was a mix between a praying mantis and a beetle. The other resembled a scaled leopard. Both were larger than him, glaring at each other with their three eyes, apparently getting ready to tear each other to shreds.

‘Definitely not docile.’

Approaching them cautiously, he stopped just near enough to check out their cores. They were both at Green, afflicted by the same ailment as the last beast. In fact, they had it even worse.

A third of the leopard’s channels were completely inactive. On closer inspection, Percy saw the corresponding hindleg was half-rotten. The beast avoided leaning on it too, the paw being suspended an inch off the ground. The bug didn’t look much better, its pathways also a patchwork of holes and dim links.

‘Are my species the only ones immune to the fog?’

Thinking of something, he ascended to the clouds, looking for another of his kin. He flew above the first furball he saw before blowing air the other way, accelerating towards it. Slamming against his much smaller relative, he sent it flying downward. The creature didn’t even resist, just passively letting him push it around.

It took them a few more bumps and a couple of minutes to return to his previous location. The Green cored beasts were still trying to intimidate each other, but they had yet to make a move. Apparently, they judged they weren’t in a good enough condition to fight.

‘I’m sorry pal. This is for science.’

Percy flashed the smaller furball an apologetic grin, before shoving it one last time towards the leopard. The much larger beast tilted its head, giving them both a curious look, but didn’t do much else. It just allowed the cat to bounce off the ground right next to it – within striking distance even – without touching it.

‘Ok. So not only are we immune to the fog, it seems we’re the only ones the other beasts won’t attack. Are we poisonous or something?’

Then again, the leopard’s reaction wasn’t what he’d expect if a highly toxic creature brushed right next to it. It had merely eyed it in amusement before looking away.

‘Maybe we just taste REALLY bad.’

Shrugging, Percy continued following the river. He had yet to fully solve the mystery, but at the end of the day he didn’t even know if it mattered. They didn’t have the brown substance back on Remior and even if they did, he couldn’t exactly bring this body back with him.

It took several more hours until he saw something new. However, this discovery truly made his breath quicken. For the first time in over two years, one of his clones stumbled upon sentient life!

The village was small, the humble huts made of stone. Not the polished, enchanted sort he was used to. Just rough chunks, stacked against each other to form the most rudimentary shelter. Whoever lived here was clearly primitive.

And he did get a closer look at them, soon enough. These people were mostly humanoid, although their skin was a richer pink. They also had four pointy ears and three eyes, one in the middle of their forehead, much like everything else in this world.

‘At least they aren’t naked.’

Not that the patches of beast skin they draped on themselves were particularly fashionable, but it was something. Percy internally debated how close he wanted to get to the natives. He wasn’t sure if they’d be as indifferent towards him as the wild beasts.

Not that it would be the end of the world if they killed him, but it had taken him nearly a dozen clones to find some semblance of civilization. He didn’t want to miss learning something useful by being careless. Who knew how long it would be until he had another chance?

‘Then again, do they even know anything? They can hardly build a house…’

In the end, he chose to err on the side of caution. He ascended to the clouds once more, before returning with another sacrificial furball to test the waters with. Approaching the village, he shoved the creature in there, this time prompting some exclamations and amused reactions from the crowd. Some pointed at him while a few chuckled or talked to one another. Percy figured they just weren’t used to his species being so… animated. All the ones he’d seen had been a lot more sluggish.

‘Well, as long as they’re not hostile, I don’t care.’

Nobody moved to attack him, or the one he’d tossed their way. A kid – a girl maybe – ran up to the furball as it bounced a few times on the ground. She watched it curiously before extending her hand to pet it, when an adult hurriedly grabbed her arm, shaking his head. He spoke a few words Percy didn’t understand, before the girl nodded, continuing to stare at the creature from a distance.

‘Touching us must be taboo.’

In any case he’d confirmed it was safe, so he moved closer, inspecting the locals with Mana Sense. He spotted Red, Orange and Yellow cores, in approximately a 40-40-20 ratio. That made them a lot luckier than the people of Remior, as they got Yellow cores twice as frequently. However, Percy didn’t feel any envy towards them. Many of the older-looking folk were still at Red.

‘They don’t have any means of advancement! They’re stuck at whatever they were born with!’

And that wasn’t even where the bad news ended. The villagers seemed to suffer from the same condition as the beasts, all their cores appearing somewhat dysfunctional. The kids had it a bit better than the adults, reinforcing Percy’s guess that the ailment was brought on by their chronic exposure to the fog.

‘I guess the reason we’re held at such a high esteem is because we purify the air, making things easier for all the other creatures.’

Well, this was all fascinating and everything, but that still didn’t answer the question of what he should do. One option was to accept that this clone was another dud and leave early. He’d already spent several hours travelling here, and it didn’t look like these people had much to give him.

But he was disinclined to pick this.

While wasting time was something he generally preferred to avoid, this was his first time finding sentient life since Huehue. Even though this particular village didn’t seem to contain anything valuable, it did raise the worth of the clone in his eyes. At least, his last ten or so clones hadn’t lived half as long or found anything remotely as interesting. Even if he spent a few days longer than expected, it wouldn’t hurt the main body much.

‘Ok. I’ll keep going. But do I stay in this village or try looking for a bigger one?’

Percy doubted the 40 or so people here were the entirety of their species. There were bound to be more out there. That said, he had no idea where to find them, or if they’d have anything more useful.

‘Hmm… Let’s observe them for one full day. If I can’t find anything worth my time, I’ll head out.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 61 – Holy ball of fur

A note from PathOfPen

By S_Winter

How would you like to have to face the SysApoc as a lion?

The System Apocalypse might have saved Dominic's life, but it has a price. Stuck in the body of a lion, he needs to find a way to be both lion and human to stay alive in his new, brutal reality. Then again, sharp claws and teeth might come in handy when everything wants to kill him….

What to expect:

A human in a lion body cohabiting with the original occupant

Progress! Numbers go up

LitRPG elements (stats, levelling system, abilities, etc.)

A perk-steal ability to grow stronger from his enemies

Action - it's a lion-eat-beast world out there

Exploration and discovery

Dungeons

Third person male protagonist

-----------------

Here is an additional link in case the link under the picture doesn’t work:

Link: https://www.royalroad.com/fiction/75532/chimera-rising-beast-king-ascension-how-a-human-turned-lion

Over the past several hours, Percy had learned a lot more about the dynamic between his species and the natives of this world.

While they were prohibited from touching him for any reason, he wasn’t. He had approached and tapped the villagers many times over, always eliciting a smile from them. They seemed to see his presence as a good luck charm, treating him like a guest of honour – no, a sacred creature even.

‘A bit weird but I could get used to it.’

In any case, this only made his life easier. Between their overt friendliness and the fact he could survive on nothing but the brown fog, Percy was free to float around the village and observe it to his heart’s content.

Their understanding of magic was as poor as expected. They appeared to possess the same common affinities he was used to, although he hadn’t seen them cast anything more complex than a Crude spell. He also had no idea if they could be born with rare or composite affinities. Less than 1% of the population had them back on Remior. His sample size here was too small.

Either way, Percy could see how they survived in such a hostile environment. Even though he’d spotted several Green beasts on the way to the village, such a large group of Yellow and Orange mages shouldn’t have much trouble taking care of themselves.

He sighed.

‘I suppose it’s time to leave.’

As relaxing as it was floating around and being worshipped, Percy was confident there was nothing to gain here. He was about to wave the villagers farewell, when some commotion drew his attention.

‘No harm in checking it out before I go.’

Flying above the crowd, he saw a distraught father carrying his unconscious daughter in his arms. She looked to be in her mid-teens, although Percy wasn’t sure how well his pre-conceived notions about aging translated to this place.

More importantly, the girl was afflicted with the worst instance of the disease he’d seen yet, her Yellow core seemingly on the verge of dying out. The man hurriedly brought her to one of the largest huts, before kneeling by the entrance. He then spoke in an anxious tone, probably pleading with somebody.

‘Ok, colour me intrigued.’

Percy wanted to watch how the natives mitigated the poison. Whatever they did was clearly nothing more than a half-measure, as none of them were in perfect condition. Still, he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t curious.

Someone walked out of the house. An old lady. She was only at Orange, but her core was among the healthiest he’d seen, despite her age. She held two small bowls – carved out of bone presumably. Leaving one on the ground, she tilted the girl’s head up with her free hand, before placing the other bowl under her nose. A green liquid was swirling inside, emanating thick smoke of the same colour.

Some of it entered the teen’s nostrils, as Percy paid closer attention, using both his regular sight and Mana Sense. Nothing changed in the girl’s core, but she soon creased her brow as if in pain, before opening her eyes weakly a few moments later.

‘That’s not the cure. It was just to wake her up.’

The old lady picked up the second bowl again. This one contained a fine cyan powder. She spoke a few words to the girl, seemingly explaining something as she pointed first to the bowl and then to her stomach. Next, she gestured to a man in the crowd, who manifested a few drops of water above the powder.

Nodding, the girl picked up the bowl, mixing the contents into paste with her fingers before swallowing it. What followed made Percy’s eyes widen. He saw the mana flow from the girl’s core to her stomach and then back, much like what he did on Remior whenever he used an elixir.

‘But that’s not what this is.’

The purpose of the paste was very different. Every time it washed over the core, the latter regained some of its lustre. The change was minute, almost imperceptible. Percy would have certainly missed it if he wasn’t actively looking for it. Even several minutes later, after she was done, the girl’s situation had barely improved. Still, the tension on her forehead seemed to ease slightly. She was also able to stand, albeit with her father’s support.

‘They can’t do anything to remove the poison, but they can mend some of the damage.’

The father and daughter both bowed their heads to the old lady, as the former said something in a sombre tone. She didn’t reply, but she made a gesture with her hand Percy didn’t recognize, before returning to her hut. It didn’t take long for the rest of the crowd to disperse.

‘Now what do I do?’

Percy was reconsidering his decision to leave. Strictly speaking, all of this was irrelevant to him. The brown fog wasn’t something they had to worry about back home. Furthermore, the effect of the cyan powder was quite underwhelming. He couldn’t figure out what it did, nor did he know if it could be used for anything else. But that was exactly what made him want to learn more. This was the first thing the natives did he didn’t fully understand.

‘I must at least find out where they get it from.’

Having made up his mind, he descended next to the old lady’s hut, peeking inside. It was a little creepy spying into her home like that, but he doubted she’d take offense. The woman was sitting on a piece of stone roughly shaped like a cube, sipping some orange broth from a cup. As expected, she only gave him a smile upon noticing him, not bothered by his intrusion in the slightest.

‘If only I could fit through the door…’

Being larger than the rest of his kin, Percy’s host was as tall as one of the adult villagers. However, he was much wider than them, his frame closer to a bear’s than a cat’s. Shrugging, he plopped down, taking a seat on the ground outside. He nearly rolled on his back too, just barely managing to grab the stone wall to keep himself upright.

The old lady failed to stifle her laughter at his antics, choking on her soup as some came out of her nose. Percy rolled his eyes, but internally suppressed a chuckle of his own. He knew he looked ridiculous.

‘Anyway, I’ll stay here until I see where she gets the cyan powder from.’

Feeling a little peckish, he took a couple deep breaths, greedily sucking all the brown fog he could, savouring its flavour. A few minutes later, the air inside the hut already looked cleaner, as the old lady bowed her head in appreciation. She said something Percy didn’t understand, although he did recognise some of the words of gratitude the girl’s father had spoken earlier.

‘Ah right. I almost forgot I can help them like this.’

Percy made an odd expression. In theory, nothing stopped the locals from kidnapping a few of the furballs to lock in their houses. It wouldn’t fix everything, but they could at least improve their quality of life that way. Would these people rather die than disrespect his kin?

‘Well, I can do whatever the hell I want.’

Getting up, he took another deep breath before exhaling downward, taking off. A few minutes later he returned to the village with two of his younger relatives in tow. The creatures didn’t even struggle as he threw the first in the old lady’s hut, before locating the sick girl’s house and tossing the second one in there.

Percy ignored the villagers cheering him on as he ascended again, repeating his actions a few more times. Only when he had stuffed a furball in each hut did he return to his spot by the old lady’s entrance, clumsily sitting down again.

More people surrounded him, eager to express their thanks. However, it wasn’t their gratitude he wanted. Sadly, he didn’t understand their language and he suspected he couldn’t speak it anyway. His rotund frame made it difficult for him to relay his request via gestures too. Furthermore, it probably didn’t help he was immune to the poison, thus having no reason to be interested in its remedy.

‘I’ll have to be patient until they show me what I need by themselves…’

Luckily, he didn’t have to wait for long.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 62 – Crystal

A note from PathOfPen

My Magus Academy is Run by Players?! [Western Cultivation LitRPG]

“Do you want to know what it feels like to have players at your beck and call?”

Victor Asteriscus suddenly gains the System to summon players from his old world to help him embark on a quest to develop the academy, complete various missions, and harness the power of magic. Let them kill magical beasts so that he can be promoted further? That’s too simple!

With an army of fearless, immortal players and a sassy assistant fairy under him, what’s there to fear in this world full of endless dangers and mysteries?

Come join Victor in building the greatest academy the world has ever seen and conquer the entire universe!

* * *

What to expect:

Smart, calculative MC

Academy Building

Western Cultivation

Magitech

Oh, did I say players exploitation yet?

It wasn’t easy telling day and night apart on this world. Percy had no idea how many suns there were, as the brown clouds perpetually obscured the sky. Still, it was never dark, as the light seemed to be absorbed and then disseminated by the substance, giving it a permanent glow.

Suffice to say, he didn’t know how the natives kept track of time. But he guessed it was their equivalent of a night when he saw the old lady go to sleep on the floor, not long after he’d begun observing her. The rest of the village soon grew quieter too, as he turned around to show some common courtesy. He didn’t think she’d mind being stared at, but it felt downright creepy to do that as she rested.

Several hours later, people started waking up. What drew his attention was a young girl walking his way. She was actually the one who’d tried petting the furball when he first arrived here, only to be scolded by an adult.

She seemed to have learned her lesson too, as this time she stood some distance from him, eyeing him curiously without daring to move closer. Feeling bad for the girl, Percy patted her head, prompting her to smile brightly, two dimples forming on her cheeks.

A few minutes later, more kids arrived. This time it was a pair of boys, slightly older than the girl. Probably siblings too, as they’d come together from the same house and looked identical to one another. In fact, Percy was being conservative. He was confident they were twins, but maybe he wasn’t that good at telling the natives apart.

In any case, they joined the first girl outside the hut. Soon, the old lady also woke up, inviting them all inside. All four of them sat down on the floor, forming a circle. It was quite cramped in there – especially with the cat-creature floating just inches above their heads – but they still left enough room for one more person.

Nobody spoke as they waited for the final member to arrive. It wasn’t until half an hour later that the man from last night helped his daughter along, escorting her to the old lady’s hut once more. Only after the teenager joined the others in the circle did her father leave.

‘Is she teaching them how to become healers?’

This suited Percy just fine, as he looked forward to the lesson. After exchanging a few words with the newcomer, the old lady addressed the rest of the kids. Next, she pulled some mana from her core, forming a cyan blob in her hand.

The students followed her lead, although the sick girl seemed to have more trouble controlling her mana. Despite having the highest grade in the hut, her condition wasn’t doing her any favours. However, this wasn’t what Percy was focused on.

‘They all have a pure affinity!’ he’d rub his paws together if he could.

Doubling his concentration, his gaze locked onto the old lady’s palm, unwilling to miss whatever she was about to do. Her first move was to will the blob into a solid, forming a cyan sphere the size of a tangerine. Percy nodded. This wasn’t very different from his own constructs.

However, what she did next made him furrow his brow. She placed her other hand on top of the ball, and then began pressing them both together, trying to squeeze the sphere tighter. The kids also mirrored her actions, but he didn’t pay them any attention, preferring to learn from the expert.

The strangest part was that Percy wasn’t exactly sure what she was doing. Her muscles were tense and her face red, suggesting some level of physical activity. Yet, her core was also shining a touch more brightly, which typically happened when somebody was using their mana to form a spell.

‘She’s exerting both physical strength and willpower!’

At first nothing changed, making Percy wonder whether they were pulling his leg. However, a minute or two later he noticed the sphere had shrunk somewhat. It contained the same amount of mana as before, but it was denser.

The old lady kept going. She was already drenched in sweat, but her focus didn’t waver. She was probably used to doing this. Over time, the ball continued to shrink, until it was roughly half its original size an hour later. Only then did she stop, letting the ball roll out of her hand.

The marble made a crisp sound as it hit the floor, bouncing once before rolling to the centre of the circle.

‘What the hell?! It’s stable!!!’

In his experience, whenever he stopped paying attention to his constructs, they instantly crumbled into motes of mana before dissipating. But that wasn’t what happened here. The old lady had already forgotten all about the ball, as she was talking to her students, pointing out their mistakes. Yet, the sphere was sitting idly on the floor, giving no signs of breaking anytime soon.

‘How does that even make sense?! Our cores already contain denser mana, yet it doesn’t crystallize like that!’

The old lady only had an Orange core. An injured one at that. Her mana capacity couldn’t compare to a Yellow, let alone a Violet or White, so why did the substance transform this way just by being compressed by about 50%?

Thinking back to her actions, Percy tried to figure out what she had done to cause this. She had first pulled the mana out of her sternum, manifesting the cyan blob in her hand. At that point, it was still in its fluid state, as that was how mana was stored in one’s core. When in that state, mana could be compressed countless times, which was essentially the difference between different grades. By purifying their core, mages reinforced it, allowing it to withstand more pressure and store denser mana.

‘But she created a construct before squeezing it!’

After turning into a solid, the mana resisted the compression more strongly, requiring a lot more effort for even the tiniest deformation. The old lady had probably done this her whole life, yet she’d still needed an hour before the crystal was stable.

Percy’s attention returned to the kids. It had taken them longer than their teacher, yet most of their spheres had barely shrunk by 20% – a far cry from their goal. The younger girl was actually the best, but even she had only compressed hers by about 25%. All of them were breathing heavily too, their hands shaking.

One of the boys was the first to make a mistake, his sphere shattering into a cloud of dust. Percy almost thought he had made it, but the powder faded away into nothing not long after. The rest of the kids soon followed, none of them leaving behind much evidence of their efforts, other than a shallow pool of sweat by their seat.

After giving them a couple minutes to catch their breath, the old lady spoke to them in a consoling tone, seemingly giving them a few words of advice. Only then did she remember the marble on the floor, picking it up before flicking it a couple of times with her fingernail. It made crisp sounds, but showed no signs of breaking, making the children nod in appreciation as Percy considered the implications.

‘It looks like it takes a lot of effort to learn, but it could be worth my time. If I can form my constructs out of this crystal, I can make them a lot strong–’

He didn’t even get a chance to complete that thought, when the old lady smashed the ball with a rock, splitting it in two. She then tossed the pieces in a bowl, before proceeding to crush them both into powder.

‘Ok, scratch that. It’s useless in a fight.’

Perhaps the crystal was slightly harder than his regular constructs, maybe not. But it was certainly extremely brittle. Even if Percy ignored the effort required to create it, he doubted his weapons would take more than a hit or two before breaking.

‘It won’t be easy to repair them either…’

With his hopes dashed, he had no choice but to keep watching the lesson to its end. The old lady continued to mercilessly pound the crystal for a while longer, until she was left with a pile of the same cyan powder he had seen before.

She then picked up an oblong piece of bone from the corner of the room. It was hollowed out, looking a bit like a vase. She poured a few drops of water into the bowl, before handing it to the sick girl.

The teenager then mixed the powder into paste once more, before repeating her actions from the previous night. Half an hour later, the old lady said a few more words to her students before sending them on their merry way.

‘I guess they can’t make enough powder to keep up with everyone’s poison.’

Even if every person with a pure affinity learned to do this as proficiently as the old lady, it wouldn’t be enough. In any case, Percy fully intended to observe for a few more days. He had a hunch this trick could help him with alchemy back home.

Unfortunately, he had no way of knowing what repercussions this decision would have on his main body…

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 63 – Emergency

A note from PathOfPen

Soul Weaver Chronicles [A Grimdark Power Progression]

I am a Queen.

Well, I was a Queen before the aristocracy betrayed me and I was abandoned to die.

As I died, I used my soul to reach across the worlds for another that would resonate with my own. And I found one. A little, tiny beat that matched the thrum of my soul.

The soul waned and I grabbed ahold of it.

My enemies think they have won. That I am dead and gone for good.

But I will return. One day I will return and rain fire upon those who betrayed me.

To do that, I will first have to bring this new world to its knees. I know nothing of this world, but I do know one thing.

It isn't ready for me.

* * *

Readers can expect: a fast pace, no filler arcs, no romance, the worst of humanity, action, world-building, magic, wuxia-based power progression, a gladiator slave arc, a very unique spin on "Systems," and a ruthless path to revenge. The main character, Lilith, is an anti-hero that borders very closely to being a villain.

This was going to be the one.

Percy had already preserved enough of the nectar through both pacification and redirection. In fact, deattunement was going great too. Just a couple more minutes and he’d finish brewing his first drops of elixir!

Suddenly, he felt the ethereal cord tense, his consciousness nearly sinking into his familiar’s. He resisted. Percy had grown somewhat better at handling the episodes after nearly a year in the Guild.

Still…

The mixture boiled over, as the few remaining drops of elixir began to dwindle. Even a couple moments of inattention were more than enough to ruin his efforts. Percy tried his best to salvage some of it, but only slop remained in the cauldron.

“Are you sure you’re ok?” Orin asked in concern. “Your… illness has lasted a lot longer this time.”

The old alchemist had stopped supervising his attempts for the past few months, letting him experiment and learn by himself. However, he’d resumed observing him recently, as his sponsorship was nearing its end and he wanted to evaluate his student’s progress as well as offer some final advice.

“Yeah, it’s going to pass sooner or later.” Percy said.

“If you want, I’ve got a friend with a Blue core and a life affinity in the Guild. I can ask him to give you a check-up.” Orin didn’t relent.

“Thank you sir, but it won’t be necessary. We have plenty of those in my House and none of them could do anything about my situation.” he replied vaguely.

Orin creased his brow but didn’t insist. They bid each other farewell before parting for the night.

‘What is that clone doing?!’ Percy wondered on the way to his place.

It had been gone for over a week!

Of course, he knew this was technically a good thing. It meant he’d finally stumbled upon something interesting enough to warrant looking into. Percy had been over the moon when he first realized his latest venture was a success. That said, the delay was really screwing with both his alchemy and hunting in the meantime.

Entering his house, Percy was about to take a shower when the connection pulled him again. Instinctively he fought back, but a wave of powerful thoughts and emotions also seeped through the bond.

‘CAW! CAW!!’

Micky was distraught. Afraid. In pain.

Panicking, Percy was tempted to peer through the crow’s eyes, to see what was happening. Still, he didn’t want to interfere with his familiar in case he was fleeing from something.

Without wasting a moment, he grabbed all the healing potions in his room, clumsily splitting them into his pockets, hoping the cheap vials wouldn’t break. Next, he bolted out of his house, sprinting towards the Spire, ignoring the soreness and exhaustion.

‘Micky, what’s going on?!’

‘CAW!’

The bird couldn’t spare him much attention, but it still managed to relay some fragmented images. A figure in a yellow robe. Stones flying. An injured wing. Micky hadn’t given him much, but it was enough. Percy already knew where the familiar tended to nest for the night.

‘Hold on! I’m on my way! Try to escape towards me!’

Despite his reassuring words, he was a lot more conflicted internally, however.

‘Shit! What do I even do in this situation?!’

Percy had no idea what madness had driven the Yellow core to roam the first level so late at night. Nor what stroke of misfortune had caused him to attack his familiar. Still, technically that person hadn’t done anything wrong. Sometimes, other beasts besides the Starry Wasps wandered into the Fungal Spire and there weren’t any rules against killing them.

But if Percy harmed him, he’d be the one in trouble.

Even if he came clean with his secrets and explained the situation to the Guild’s management, he doubted it would solve much. Micky might not be a regular beast, but the truth was in many ways worse. He was a member of a foreign race that Percy had smuggled into Remior! Some might even consider it an act of treason. They wouldn’t take kindly to him attacking a member of the Guild – a native – over such a creature.

Percy shook his head.

‘What am I even thinking?! It doesn’t matter what the consequences are!’

Micky wasn’t just a beast. Or an alien. Or a creature… He was his friend! His family!

By the time he’d resolved himself to doing whatever it took, Percy was outside the settlement. Ignoring the bridge leading up to the second level, he ran towards Micky while activating Circulation.

‘Are you still there? What’s the situation?’

‘CAW…’

Micky’s thoughts were sluggish. He was desperately fleeing from his pursuer, but he couldn’t fly very high nor very fast. Every beat of his wings hurt, and he felt cold –having lost a lot of blood. At least, the Yellow guy didn’t seem to be in a hurry, only leisurely chasing the bird, knowing it wouldn’t get very far.

Percy gritted his teeth, picking up the pace. He might have decided to do whatever he could to save his friend, but he had yet to settle on his best course of action.

‘I can’t handle a Yellow core in a direct fight...’

As things stood, he only had two viable options.

He could try reasoning with that person, getting him to back off peacefully. This was the most civilized approach, but also a rather shitty one. There were many details he’d have to gloss over while negotiating, and he had no idea what the other party’s personality was like. If the talks failed, he’d be giving up the element of surprise.

The other option was a sneak attack. It had worked in the past, but there was no guarantee it would again. Especially given the circumstances. Having freshly sent out a clone, Percy still had some trouble regenerating soul mana by himself. Micky was in no condition to help either. Perhaps he could gather enough for a Parting Gift in the next few minutes, but that would limit him to a single shot. If he missed, he’d be screwed, and it would be too late for negotiations.

‘I can give Circulation another try.’

He’d already failed to find the correct pattern for his soul affinity countless times, but there was still some distance from Micky, so he could afford another attempt.

Intensifying his breaths, he began filling his first core. His injuries pulled the mana, trying to pry it from his control. And he let them. As the mana flowed into his channels, the newly formed vacuum enhanced his ability to draw more from the air, as the colourful motes swirled into his body even more forcefully.

Soon, an equilibrium was reached, with mana flowing both into and out of his sternum at equal measures, as the hole in his soul began to fill up. This lasted until the injury was saturated. It needed some time to absorb the mana, which caused the drain on his core to weaken temporarily.

Still, Percy didn’t allow it, continuing to push the mana into his channels, this time intentionally directing it along the latest pattern he had devised. Locating the correct pathways inside the mess was tricky, but he managed to get a grip on them eventually.

At first, things were going alright, as the soul mana flowed through his soul unobstructed, his body and mind strengthening. However, the channels soon drifted again, making him almost mess up, nearly sending the mana down the wrong pathway. Gritting his teeth, he adjusted his control, focusing on maintaining the correct pattern as the channels continued to shift around.

‘I won’t be able to fight like this.’

Percy would have to constantly pay attention inwards to keep the technique up. It wasn’t practical, but he didn’t want to give up just yet.

Sadly, he made a mistake a few moments later. Having missed a connection, he sent the mana down the wrong turn, causing the entire flow to collide against itself. An entire section of his soul swelled near his right shoulder, causing some tears to form, as an excruciating wave of agony washed over him.

“AAAAAARGGGHH!!!” Percy stumbled, falling on the ground before rolling a dozen meters in the dirt.

Still, he didn’t let go of his control just yet, trying to restore the correct pattern. However, another complication emerged. The soul mana now wanted to flood the newly formed cracks, creating a third flow to compete against the other two.

And it all went downhill from there. More clashes occurred, causing more injuries and just as many rogue flows of mana, soon forcing him to relinquish the technique before it led to irreparable damage.

‘It was worth a shot…’ he smiled wryly.

Pushing himself up, he resumed running towards Micky, allowing part of the mana to flood the new injuries as he gathered the rest in his core. At least, he had enough for the Parting Gift now.

A few minutes later, he finally caught a glimpse of his familiar, flying in an irregular path towards him. In fact, it might be more accurate to say it was leaping from tree to tree, inadvertently banking to his injured wing with each beat.

‘I’m here. Bait him over.’

Percy ignored Micky for now, hiding behind the nearest tree, pulling a trickle of soul mana into his eyes, sending the rest to his hand. He felt the sickle form, as the pursuer’s silver silhouette casually approached the bird.

‘Just a little closer…’

Percy didn’t bother circling around the tree, instead launching the sickle through it. He held his breath as the blade spun soundlessly through the air. It was about to hit its mark!

At the last second, the pursuer was startled, clumsily leaping out of the way. He only had enough time to move slightly, the sickle still carving a nasty groove on his upper arm.

“AAAAAAAAAAAGHH!!!” the man fell down, clutching his injury.

However, before Percy had the chance to celebrate, his enemy was back on his feet. This time, he was looking his way. Through Mana Sense, Percy spotted three Yellow masses gathering in the air next to the man, taking the form of spears, pointing towards the tree.

The sneak attack had failed.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 64 – Maelstrom

A note from PathOfPen

Thousand-Tongue Mage (A Voice Magic LitRPG)

A thousand spells at the tip of your tongue.

Zora Fabre, a language arts teacher at a small castle academy, speaks every tongue in the world. His only goal in life is to protect his students from the human-insect wars outside the academy, but when the magic dome is broken and a small army of giant insects flood in one night, he is forced to accept a system—and a rare mage class that allows him to manifest his words into reality.

Armed with his new ability, a spell-slinging wand, and his extensive knowledge of languages, Zora must accumulate power and defend his students from the invading bugs. If he can’t, they’ll devour everyone standing in their way, and the more voices they steal, the stronger they’ll get.

But if there's one language he'll admit he doesn't know how to speak, it's the language of the bugs—and he'll curse them with it a thousand times before he lets his academy fall.

* * *

Daily uploads until Volume One is complete!

The spears pierced through the tree like it was made of cotton, barely giving Percy a chance to dodge.

But his trouble had just begun, as more Yellow mana gathered under his feet. Tilting his body at the last second, he narrowly escaped impalement, though not without a gnarly gash on his upper thigh.

If this had been higher up on the Spire, his opponent wouldn’t be able to manifest his earth constructs through the surface of the giant fungi. Sadly for Percy, the ground on the first floor was made of dirt and rock.

At least, Mana Sense gave him the chance to react a fraction of a second early, but even with Circulation, keeping up with a Yellow core was a tall order.

“What the fuck gave you the confidence to attack me?! And what’s up with the weird mana flow around your abdomen?!” the man asked without pausing.

Percy was too preoccupied trying to survive the barrage of javelins to reply. Another two landed next to his feet, almost pinning him in place. Luckily, he’d managed to step out of their path just in time.

‘I can’t keep this up forever.’

Squarely at a disadvantage, he tried dodging backwards whenever possible in a desperate attempt to put some distance between them. It would give him more time to react, not to mention giving his familiar an opening to escape. However, even the physical capabilities of his opponent eclipsed his own, letting him casually keep up with him while continuing his relentless onslaught.

‘Shit. Micky can’t help. The quarterstaff will snap like a twig. The glove might as well be made of paper. I can’t close the distance for a physical blow either…’

A javelin brushed over his head. It would have stabbed through his skull if he hadn’t ducked. The earth mage made the next one pop up from the ground at an angle, leaving another deep cut right under Percy’s ribs.

“AAAAAAGH!!”

Returning to the Guild wasn’t an option either. It was too far to outrun him. Percy gritted his teeth. Soul mana was the only thing that could save him, but it took too long to recover normally.

Still, realizing it was only a matter of time until he made a fatal mistake, he took a deep breath, not giving the mana a chance to settle in his core before pushing it into his channels.

He didn’t even bother trying to control where it went this time. He couldn’t. Most of his attention was glued to his opponent. His only option was to let it rampage freely until he had enough for another sickle.

A javelin headed for his eye. This one Percy saw too late. He tried parrying with his backhand.

The glove shattered on impact, blood splattering from his left hand as the bones inside cracked, sending a visceral wave of pain through his body.

Percy suppressed a groan, as he continued to evade whatever he could, trying to minimize the damage.

Several seconds later, enough mana had gathered in his channels to begin clashing with itself. Tears formed on his soul, the new surge of agony utterly dwarfing that of his physical wounds.

But he didn’t stop it. He didn’t have the luxury to grab a hold of the flow or to delay the accumulation. If he failed to craft his weapon, he was done for regardless. The flow shifted towards the new cracks, putting more strain on his soul.

‘Just a little more.’

Wherever the mana clashed, more tears opened. Each fresh wound created its own flow, in a vicious cycle that could only end in a horrific death.

Percy was too absorbed to care.

He dodged spear after spear, the cuts continuing to accumulate on his flesh every time he made a mistake. Some were shallow, others deeper, as both his body and soul were on the verge of collapse.

At this point, he couldn’t even keep track of how much mana he had gathered. Maybe it was enough for the sickle, maybe not. He lacked the mental capacity to form the spell anyway. He could only keep evading.

Soon, his vision became a blur. He couldn’t make out his surroundings and his heartbeats dominated his hearing. The only thing he had left was Mana Sense, barely providing him enough information to keep dodging by the skin of his teeth.

The mana still raged in his channels. By now he couldn’t stop the flow even if he wanted. It rampaged ceaselessly through his soul, tearing and repairing it with each violent gale.

Percy wasn’t sure he was even alive anymore. He hoped his muscles still responded to his input, but he couldn’t feel them. By now he struggled to even remember the shape of his body.

For a second, he even forgot where he was, almost thinking he was another clone, trying to possess somebody else.

The ethereal cord tightened, his consciousness nearly stripped out of his head. Luckily, he was still lucid enough to resist. If he let this happen now, his death would be guaranteed.

‘No… I must stay in my own body…’

He succeeded, his opponent’s Yellow core coming into focus once again, as he sidestepped another construct.

‘Huh, it was a little slower. Is he finally tired?’

Something new appeared in his vision. Surrounding the Yellow glow in the man’s body, a silver silhouette gradually formed.

‘Soul Vision? I don’t remember activating it.’

More spears. Some flew directly towards him. Others tried to block his escape. A few stabbed from the ground up, in all sorts of insidious angles, trying to catch him unprepared.

Percy dodged one after another. Fewer scraped him than before.

Soon, he noticed something interesting. Right before each attack, the silhouette changed.

Silver flicker.

Yellow glow.

Dodge.

Javelin.

Another flicker.

Another glow.

Dodge again.

Spear.

‘I can begin dodging before the glow!’

Silver flicker.

Dodge!

A Yellow glow.

The spear changed trajectory at the last second, but evading it was still easier than before. This time the silver silhouette wavered! He was surprised!

Percy didn’t care, he just continued dodging as best as he could. The man’s intent betrayed his actions before they were complete. The spells grew slower too. At some point, dodging them was effortless.

Another new sensation took root in Percy’s mind. His hearing. But it wasn’t regular sound.

Howls of pain.

It was his own soul, screaming at him in agony.

Only then did he remember what he was doing. He tossed a fleeting glance at his body. The sight shocked him.

His soul thrummed in a bright silver, raging torrents rampant through his channels. New tears kept forming. His pathways kept shifting. The flow randomly changed, never remaining constant for longer than a moment.

Like a maelstrom.

Percy’s eyes widened in horror.

‘How am I still alive?!’

He dodged another couple of spears before checking his soul again. More tears formed each second, but they were tiny. Every time the potent mana washed over them, they disappeared! At some point, he’d began to outheal the damage, to the point the injuries only managed to change the flow before fading!

He grinned, shifting his attention to his opponent.

Another spear stabbed through the ground. Percy tilted his head slightly to avoid it.

A torrent of mana gushed to his hand, forming the Parting Gift. It was twice as large as it normally was.

The silver silhouette trembled.

One more spear pierced underneath Percy… but he was ready for it. Falling forward, he let it stab the air behind him, before kicking it with his right foot.

Propelling himself, he dashed towards his opponent, with two types of mana empowering his body.

More javelins formed. Some stabbed at him directly, others tried to cut him off.

They all missed.

Percy stepped around them, weaving and pivoting and… dancing!

“Please, don’t!” a shaky voice begged.

However, the sickle sliced soundlessly through the air without stopping. And just like that, a soul was cleaved in half.

As soon as the lifeless body hit the ground, Percy wanted to plop down himself. But there were things he needed to do first.

‘Micky?!’

No reply.

They had put some distance from the familiar during the fight, and he should have passed out from his injuries. Percy felt the crow’s location through the cord, before tossing the corpse on his shoulder and running towards it.

While moving, he threw his body another glance. Both his flesh and soul were covered in nasty wounds from head to toe. Fortunately, the adrenaline combined with two instances of Circulation gave him enough energy to stand. For now at least.

He reached for the healing potions in his pockets.

“Ouch!”

He tried again after covering his hands with cyan gloves, grabbing a pile of wet shards. Only one of the vials had survived, the rest having shattered during the fight. In hindsight, it wasn’t that surprising considering even his robes were in tatters.

Reaching the crow, he pushed a crapload of soul mana through the connection, waking it up. He drank half the potion, before feeding the rest to the bird. It wasn’t that potent, but they’d have to share given the circumstances.

‘Eat him.’ he said, carelessly tossing the body on the ground.

Even ignoring how valuable a Yellow core was, they had to get rid of all the evidence of what happened. Percy hadn’t forgotten he’d just committed a serious crime.

As the bird feasted on the corpse, Percy searched the man’s possessions for anything of value. He found a pouch containing about a dozen elixirs and a couple thousand contribution points. Next, he buried everything else a few meters deep by the time Micky was done. Only a third of the corpse had been consumed, the bird not being large enough to devour the whole thing in one sitting. He’d have to finish the rest tomorrow.

The two found the nearest tree, before plopping down at its base. Their situation was still precarious given the partially eaten body and the hundreds of stone spears littering their surroundings. If somebody stumbled upon them, they’d get in a world of trouble.

However, neither of them could summon enough strength to clean up right now. They’d have to do so in the morning, assuming the potion did its job.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 65 – Aftermath

A note from PathOfPen

Idiot’s Paradox: A LitRPG Apocalyptic Adventure

In 365 days only the top-rated 1% will survive.

Logan was trying to kick back with a couple of beers on his dock when the System Integration transformed his world. The planet may as well have turned into a sci-fi movie, giving him powers, levels, and impossible messages. To top it off, the entity known as ‘the System’ has deemed humanity a plague and a threat to the rest of the species on Earth.

On the first day, the entity blows up all the gas-powered cars. On the second day, it vaporizes the planes. Each day, the dissolution of society gets worse, not to mention the mutated monsters intent on killing everything in their path.

Logan could accept what he’s being told at face value and go along with the flow, but he wants to be something else. Despite the System testing him by labelling him an idiot, he’s worked out how to manipulate his new world. He’ll use everything at his disposal: baseball bats with nails, cleavers—even a weed wacker. For Logan is good at killing the hell out of shit, and when the System threatens his sister and her kids, he’ll show it what an idiot can really do.

Other features:

-Very weak to OP MC with slow progression.

-A murderhobo bonded companion.

-A 24-hour attribute tournament.

-A sentient weapon who wants to kill the MC’s friends.

-Over 1000 pages. Book 1 is complete!

Beasts tended to heal fast. Between drinking half the healing potion and consuming a fresh Yellow core, Micky was alright by morning. Percy on the other hand… Not so much.

‘I suppose I’m in better shape than the other guy…’ he consoled himself, looking at the half-eaten corpse of his enemy.

At least, he wasn’t dead or in chains. Percy had never been more grateful for the desolation on the lower levels than he was in that moment. His wounds had stopped bleeding too, so he wasn’t in any immediate danger.

Gritting his teeth, he grabbed against the tree to stand up, before walking to the nearest stone javelin. He only activated Circulation with his weaker core, as he wasn’t in the mood to start tearing his soul again. His channels still burned, but he needed the extra boost to crush the constructs to dust. And there were plenty of them.

‘Micky, you must eat the rest of the body. Do whatever you have to, but it needs to be gone by the afternoon.’

CAW

The crow wasn’t pleased, as the remains were already devoid of mana. But it accepted the assignment without complaint.

Percy stomped the first spear to powder, before moving to the next one. There were hundreds in the area where they had fought, plus he’d have to retrace the guy’s steps from when he was chasing Micky. The bastard had paced himself well, launching the projectiles about as fast as he recovered his mana. Even without Circulation, he’d unleashed a lot of attacks without tapping out.

It was already dark again by the time Percy was done. He’d destroyed most of the evidence of the battle and Micky had eaten the last traces of the corpse. They’d even looked for any lingering bloodstains, burying them underground. If somebody passed through the area in the next couple of days, the freshly dug dirt might look suspicious, but they couldn’t do much about that, other than letting time take care of it.

Another problem was the tree the earth mage had pierced through at the beginning of the scuffle. Percy couldn’t make the whole thing disappear, so his next best move had been to cut it in half and trim the trunk. At least, that way it wouldn’t be so obvious what had damaged it. It was probably overkill, but he didn’t know if somebody was familiar with the guy’s magic.

‘I wonder what Orin is thinking.’

This was his first time missing an alchemy session in the past five months. He’d have to make up a story by tomorrow, but he doubted his mentor would suspect he’d spent the day covering up a murder.

Then, there was the issue with his current appearance. Between his battered body and tattered clothes, he needed a believable excuse before returning to the settlement. Fortunately, the bandage wrapped around his abdomen still seemed to work, despite a few holes here and there. At least, Micky couldn’t detect the second core through Mana Sense.

CAW!

Next, the bird led him to a pile of Starry Drones. He’d hunted them on his own while Percy was busy clearing the evidence. Not for the contribution points of course. They’d already decided to take it easy for the next few days. No, they needed the dead wasps for something else.

‘This is going to suck so fucking much.’

Ripping a strip of fabric from his robes, Percy rolled it up before placing it in his mouth. He bit down, holding a carcass over a wound on his arm. Next, he squeezed its abdomen, causing a drop of purple liquid to drip down from the stinger, splashing along the cut.

SSSSS

A sharp pain instantly assaulted him as he watched his own flesh sizzle and blacken. Intentionally pouring acid into his injuries wasn’t something he’d ever imagined doing, but he had to make them look like they’d been inflicted by the bugs. Percy’s body had gone through a lot of torture over the past day, but his mind wasn’t faring much better. Even now, he couldn’t help but second guess his decisions.

‘Was this really the best course of action?’

The guy he’d killed wasn’t a bandit like Rick. Just a fellow member of the Guild, hunting on the Fungal Spire. An innocent person. Percy had attacked without even trying to communicate first. He’d done that to maintain the element of surprise, but the sneak attack had failed anyway.

He didn’t regret doing his best to save his familiar, but he couldn’t help but wonder what would’ve happened had he given that person a chance. Even if negotiations had led nowhere, the fight would have pretty much developed in the same way. But what if he’d agreed to let Micky go?

Sure, Percy would have still ended up in a difficult situation, with another person knowing at least one of his secrets. That said, it wasn’t necessarily worse than worrying about his crime being discovered.

‘I guess I’ll never know…’

It was past midnight by the time he finished mutilating his wounds. Percy was glad he didn’t have a mirror on him, as he was too scared to look at his body. At least, there wouldn’t be too many people awake in the settlement right now. Hopefully, he wouldn’t meet anybody besides the guards.

***

“Gods! What happened to you?!” one of the men asked.

Percy scratched his head.

“I was an idiot. I heard of a place with Starry Soldiers on the second level and I was dumb enough to try fighting them.”

The two gave him incredulous expressions.

“Hunting Yellow beasts with an Orange core?! What madness possessed you to do that?!”

“Kid, you’re lucky to be alive!!”

Percy chuckled bitterly.

He then tried walking through the gate but one of them stepped in his way, blocking his path. Outwardly Percy gave him a questioning look, but internally he was sweating buckets, afraid he’d overlooked something. The guy didn’t seem to notice, however. Instead, he searched his pocket before handing Percy a vial.

“Use this. I’ve had this for ages, but I doubt it will do me much good. It might work better on you. It’s a healing potion.”

Percy was moved. He was already planning to buy a few tomorrow to fix his body, but the sooner he began recovering, the less unwanted attention he’d draw to himself. He looked for some change in his pouch, when the guard stopped him.

“It’s on me kid. Just try to be more careful out there.”

“Thanks.” Percy nodded in appreciation before downing the green liquid on the spot. He felt his wounds itch for a few seconds, already looking a bit better by the time the effect wore off.

Luckily, he saw nobody else on the way home. All the stands had already closed for the night. Not that he didn’t crave his daily Honey Roll – Percy was practically starving – but he’d rather not give Freddy a heart attack.

Reaching his house, he first stopped by his preservation box, stuffing his face with anything edible he found. Only then did he enter the shower, still chewing on a slice of cheese. Peeling what remained of his robes was painful, the fabric already stuck to his wounds in several spots. Many scabs fell out, making him wince. Washing the acid off his injuries wasn’t much better.

‘The good news is I have another set of robes.’

It had cost him 200 points – a hefty sum – most likely due to the self-cleaning enchantments inscribed on the garments. Still, given his secrets, he’d decided it was worth investing in some spare clothes in case of an emergency. Thank Phoebe too. He wouldn’t have to walk around naked tomorrow.

‘If I wake up at sunrise, I can get to the official shop as soon as it opens.’

He’d give the clerk the same excuse as the guards – if she asked – and patch his body up with another potion or two. By then, he’d look as good as new. That way nobody else would see his wounds. He’d only have to repeat his story twice more – to Orin and maybe Freddy, before returning to his routine.

Overall, he was happy with his odds of getting away with it. Murder was a serious crime in the Guild, but only if he got caught. Nobody ever bothered checking up on people. The chances anyone would notice the Yellow core was missing were abysmal. Not to mention somebody going out looking for him – and on the first floor, of all places.

Beyond that, it would all come down to Percy’s luck.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 66 – Hemarakah

A note from PathOfPen

Reforged from Ruin [Eldritch Xianxia Cultivation]

[Royal Writathon April 2024 Winner]

Raika used to be a Cultivator. She lived in a sect, fought in tournaments, and cultivated to spite the heavens, as a cultivator should. While she was never the strongest, fastest or wisest, she held it in her heart to never, ever give up, and to stand for her ideals.

And then an Imperial Cultivator destroyed her soul organs and left her crippled.

In a world with a sun made of flaming serpents, reality-defying entities running amok, and a timeless, all-knowing Emperor ruling all through the power of his Blades and the constant advances and experiments of his Divisions, Raika is less than worthless, unable to see and feel the blood of reality- but when it's surrender or madness, she chooses madness. Embarking on a new path, Raika will find strange secrets, hidden paths to transformation, and abandon humanity, sanity, and the rule of the Empire to become something far stranger and far more powerful than she ever thought possible.

In a world replete with enslaved Daemons used as WMDs, reality-bending powers, eldritch-punk technology, and strange pathways of cultivation and magic, she'll have to find allies, confront gods and monster, and defy the Heavens, her own body, and common sense to find a way to become something new. Facing a millenia-old Empire rife with corruption and unknown plans, impossible horrors from the edges of the world, Daemons, Witches, and her own broken soul, she won't stop until she's become truly free- but what will it cost, and can her insanity match the madness of the reality itself?

What to expect:

Slowburn power progression

Expansive worldbuilding and complex story

Weak to Extremely strong protagonist with a unique powerset

Complex villains and characters

A raging bisexual of a protagonist

Mutants, madness and mayhem, oh my!

My current posting schedule is 5 days a week, excluding tuesdays and saturdays! This story is designed to add lovecraftian cosmic horror and weirdness to a Xianxia setting. If you like some biohorror, self-modification, well written violence and geopolitics under the eyes of ancient, alien beings, this is the one for you, darlings!

Having been around for nearly two weeks, #13 was Percy’s longest-lived clone so far – at least in terms of time inside a body. Of course, he still fell a little short compared to his predecessor’s trip on Huehue, but most of that guy’s days had been spent shopping for a host, so they hardly counted.

Either way, Percy confirmed once more that his clones were inherently unstable. No matter how peacefully he possessed their bodies or how much soul mana he invested, they wouldn’t last long before collapsing. Perhaps it also depended on the circumstances of their deaths. At least when it came to old age, there was only so much he could do to stretch their remaining lifespan.

Consequently, his time observing the primitive village was also nearing its end.

‘Not that there’s much more to learn here.’

The crystallization technique was straightforward. Percy had only needed a couple days to understand how it was performed and what the effects of the cyan powder were. Essentially, it was a matter of exerting one’s control over mana to compress the constructs into a denser state. The locals used their physical strength to supplement their willpower – something he would have an easier time doing due to his second core and Circulation.

That said, this component wasn’t necessary. Advancing to a higher grade would naturally make the technique easier, so he estimated he would eventually be able to perform it without getting his hands dirty. Sadly, this simply wasn’t an option for the locals.

Either way, the rest of his time had been spent estimating how long he’d need to master the art. It was an important datapoint that would determine whether it was worth focusing on this once he returned home, or whether he was better off waiting until he advanced. And the results were mixed.

‘The kids have barely improved since I got here. At this rate, it’ll easily take me a year. Maybe longer.’

His only consolation was that he was both more hard-working and healthier than the local children, giving him some hope of integrating the cyan powder into his alchemy before it was time to leave the Guild.

Percy had also grown a little fond of the locals. Every world he had ever experienced had its own share of hardships, but he’d never met anybody as pitiful as these people. The very air they breathed was poison!

The sick girl’s situation in particular was a true tragedy. Born at Yellow, she would have enjoyed a long and comfortable life in most places. Here, she was destined to die before reaching adulthood…

‘At least these people are kind.’

If this had been any noble House on Remior, her tribemates would have written her off as a hopeless case and left her alone to die a long time ago. But that wasn’t what the villagers had done. They seemed to have a policy of devoting all their cyan powder to the person who needed it the most. Many others were also sick, but the old lady kept all her efforts focused on the girl.

Not that it helped much.

“Hemarakah!” her father shouted when she collapsed again.

That was the girl’s name as Percy had come to learn. Despite everyone’s sacrifices, her episodes had grown both more frequent and more severe. At this point, he wasn’t sure if his host would die before she did.

The man brought her to the old lady’s hut once more. However, the healer was at a loss. The green concoction was no longer enough to wake the girl up and she couldn’t use the powder if she was unconscious. A gloomy mood overcame the small village as a crowd gathered around them. Nobody spoke, but the children’s cries and even the occasional sobs of the adults broke the sombre silence.

As Hemarakah’s breaths slowed down and whatever was left of her core began to dim, her father grew even more desperate. Grabbing his daughter, he began shaking her, trying to wake her up. Another person had to intervene to stop him.

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!” the grieving father’s guttural scream was the most heart-wrenching sound Percy had heard in any of his lives.

Someone patted the man’s back, trying to console him. He didn’t react. He just stared at his unconscious daughter, his body trembling. He was either unwilling to miss her final moments, or unable to accept they were forthcoming.

Suddenly, he stopped shaking. Raising his head, the man looked at Percy. His eyes were bloodshot, a crazy glint shining in his pupils. But there was something else there too.

Hope.

Leaping to his feet, the father sprinted towards him, before falling to his knees right underneath the floating clone.

“Sah kar, el di kin! Di kin!!” he screamed, his voice cracking.

Percy didn’t understand the words, of course, but it wasn’t that hard to infer their meaning.

‘Is there anything I can do?’

Truth be told, he still didn’t know the full extent of his species’ abilities. Could they do more than just filtering the air?

The old lady soon approached the man, trying to pull him away.

He resisted.

“Di kin!! Di kin!!!” he kept yelling.

He knocked his head on the ground over and over, a trickle of blood flowing down his forehead, mixing with tears on his chin. The sight made Percy wince, especially considering these people had an eye on their foreheads.

Exhaling, Percy floated down, gently stopping him with his paw. He then made his way to the girl. Her life was already hanging by a thread. Percy had no idea if he could help, but what was there to lose?

‘Worst case scenario, I fail. Both of us are dying anyway.’

Patting Hemarakah’s arm, he quickly noted it was cold. He already knew her sternum was filled with the brown mist. The question was how to get it out of her core.

‘Any insight you’re willing to share?’ Percy asked his host.

The original owner of his body had remained silent over the past two weeks. He wasn’t sure if he was still even there.

Against all odds, a response came through!

Foreign thoughts soon crossed Percy’s mind. He suddenly had some idea of what he was supposed to do.

‘Alright. Here goes nothing.’

Looking at the girl’s father who’d already joined him by now, he gestured for him to open his daughter’s mouth. He then lowered his own, before softly inhaling, focusing his Mana Sense on her core.

Nothing happened.

Percy drew a second breath and then a third, in a desperate race against time. Every moment risked being Hemarakah’s last.

A dark wisp emerged. It was the thickest, deepest brown he’d seen since coming to this world. It was even denser than the clouds above, or the vents spewing the poison into the air.

Another wisp followed, as the girl’s core stopped dimming.

A wet cough escaped her throat, as a viscous sludge splattered all over Percy’s face. Part of him flinched, wanting to move away from the discharge. Another part of him, however, the one stemming from his host’s instincts, prodded him to remain in place. If the brown fog tasted like strawberry juice, the sticky liquid was more akin to strawberry jam, its flavour heavenly to his alien tastebuds.

‘I’m not sure if this is the best thing I’ve ever eaten, or the most gross. Probably both.’

Either way, the girl kept improving the more of the substance he extracted from the core, as the Yellow light burned brighter with every breath.

“HAHAHAHAHA!!!” the father burst into joyous laughter, as the rest of the villagers erupted into cheers.

A few minutes later, Hemarakah had the healthiest core he had seen since coming here, but Percy didn’t stop just yet.

‘If I’m going to do this, I might as well clean it up completely.’

He kept going, until the core was restored to over 80% of its full capacity, when something unexpected happened. Amidst the bright Yellow glow, a faint Green strand emerged, causing Percy to raise an eyebrow, as the locals gasped and exclaimed in awe.

‘Don’t tell me…’

Intensifying his efforts, he took breath after breath, as more poison was sucked out of the girl’s core and more strands of Green appeared, one after another, until they began to dominate. By the time Hemarakah coughed out the last drop of sludge out of her throat, a Green core thrummed with power in her chest!

‘Holy shit. The poison must contain beast mana.’

It clearly wasn’t pure like the nectar they had on Remior, as even the beasts he’d encountered were suffering from the poison. His species were the only ones equipped to fully process the substance. The mana was also rather thin, as it wasn’t visible through Mana Sense. Still, it had to be there, as that was the only explanation for Hemarakah’s advancement.

“Kerez dim laat!!” the man said, drawing Percy’s attention.

His daughter soon echoed his words. Nodding, Percy then looked at the rest of the villagers, noticing all their eyes were sparkling as they gazed at him.

He chuckled.

‘Oh well, I suppose I still have a few hours left.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 67 – Vent

A note from PathOfPen

My Big Goblin Space Program [Isekai, Faction-building]

A reincarnated astronaut in the body of a goblin king will stop at nothing to reach the moon

Engineer, double amputee, and now astronaut for NuEarth LLC. Chris is about to complete his life-long dream of being the first man to moonwalk on prosthetics. At least until his rocket explodes on launch.

That should have been harder to walk off than losing both his legs, but instead he finds himself in a new world and a new body - one that's three feet tall, covered in blue fur, and has the ability to command the absolute loyalty of any goblin he meets. Removed from everyone he's ever known, the one familiar element to this new planet is that it's got a moon, too. A big one, with forests and seas. And Chris sees no reason why a little something like death and reincarnation should get in the way of his goal.

Armed with an expanding army of fanatical followers and a dubious, self-propagating 'Goblin Tech Tree' managed by an enigmatic system with its own motivations, he'll stop at nothing to jump-start the Apollo program fly to the moon. But he was brought to the new world for a reason, and not everyone is content to leave the goblin king to his own devices. Chris will have to keep his tribe alive and growing through if he hopes to complete his derailed moon mission and solve the mystery of his second life.

What to expect:

A (mostly) lighthearted fantasy adventure about exploration, problem solving, faction building, and primitive technology development.

Updates: 3-5 times per week. Patreon currently 12 chapters ahead.

It took Percy several more hours to cure the rest of the villagers. Not all of them advanced like the girl, but many did. Especially the older ones or those with the most poison accumulated in their cores.

By now, Percy was in a lot of pain, his host’s soul already beginning to crumble. He had to keep shifting his soul mana around the dying vessel to hold it together just a little longer. Despite the pain, a content grin tugged at his lips. He hadn't known these people for long, and his efforts hadn't permanently solved their problems, but even this small act of kindness brought him a sense of satisfaction.

“Kerez dim laat!! Kerez dim laat!!” they chanted over and over, their joy surpassing even his own.

Waving them farewell, Percy took off, determined to accomplish one more task before his body gave out. He doubted it would make much difference, but he wanted to help the locals one last time before returning home. Retracing his steps from two weeks prior, he flew along the river. Before long, his destination came into view – the giant vent spewing brown gas into the air.

Guessing this was the closest source of pollution to the village, Percy’s plan was to filter as much of the substance as possible before his host expired. As he approached the colossal geyser, he noticed more of his kin – this time including a few larger ones with Yellow cores. However, none had the distinctive grey fur of his host, indicating that the creature he was inhabiting was likely an elder, even among others of the same grade.

‘Hopefully we’re close to a promotion too.’

Drawing nearer, Percy’s vision was soon obscured by the dense cloud of gas, but he managed to orient himself toward the hole by tasting the concentration of the toxic substance around him. By now, he had to rely on Mana Sense to locate the other furballs, the population of which grew denser the closer he came to the source of the gas.

At least, that was the case at first. Past a certain point, the strawberry flavor in the air grew overwhelming, almost reminiscent of the syrupy sludge he’d extracted from the villagers’ cores. As he pressed on, the number of Orange cored beasts began to dwindle. Here, the fog was so thick it was beginning to hinder his movements, the current pushing him back. The sweetness in his mouth gave way to a spicy sensation as his core began to burn.

‘Wow, I guess even our species have their limits.’

Not that he cared much about his health – he only had minutes left anyway. Unlike his Yellow cored kin, who were unwilling to venture further, Percy pressed onward, diving deeper against the flow. Ignoring the pain in his sternum, he took deep breaths, trying to rid the world of as much of the toxic gas as he could manage as a final gift to the villagers.

The remnants of his host’s soul began to shatter, the knots of soul mana unravelling. Percy could already feel the ethereal cord linking him to his main body on Remior pulling him back. He resisted for as long as he could, until it seemed he was about to lose the battle, when something changed.

His body began to burn more intensely than before, internal pressure threatening to tear him apart. Percy grinned, recognizing the sensation – one his familiar had experienced in the past. Looking inward, he quickly confirmed his suspicion. His body was saturated with dense Yellow mana, though parts of it were dimmer than others. His organs were fighting a losing battle, struggling to purify the toxin into a state his core could handle.

However, something began to shift as strands of Green mana started to form in his sternum. As he had hoped, his host had lived just long enough to reach the boundary of his next promotion. The reckless baptism in the toxic fumes had proven to be precisely the catalyst required to push them over the edge.

Soon, the Green strands coiled together, consuming the Yellow mana around them, as his core shifted colours, burning more fiercely than ever before.

‘Keep it together old cat!’

Usually, a core advancement was a joyous occasion. However, this was perhaps one of the few cases where it wouldn’t do anyone much good. The creature’s remaining lifespan would be tripled, but three times zero was zero. It was still going to die within the next minute.

As for Percy, his host’s advancement only complicated matters, hastening the unravelling of the fragile bonds joining their souls. That said, he hoped to last long enough to harness this opportunity to do some real good.

‘Just a few more seconds…’ he smiled wryly.

Now that the furball had advanced, they could consume a tremendous quantity of the toxic gas. Strictly speaking, the vent was too large for a single creature to filter by itself, whether it was at Green or even Blue. However, there was one critical exception where a beast could consume far more than normal.

At the moment of its advancement!

Back when Micky had evolved to Orange, Percy and the crow had spent all night scouring the Whistling Woods, feeding the bird anything they could find so it could rebuild its body to suit its new grade. This time, the furball had advanced to Green – two grades higher – and its diet consisted entirely of the toxic brown gas. Just how much of it would it need to consume to complete its transformation?

Well, Percy intended to find out.

Fighting against his crumbling body, Remior’s pull and the pressure from the vent, he opened his mouth, inhaling the gas as forcefully as he could. Normally, his lungs would have filled in an instant, but now his body hungrily absorbed every bit of material that entered, breaking down the toxins into nutrients necessary for growth.

Soon, the clone transformed into a ravenous vortex, greedily sucking in the brown fog like a drain at the bottom of a tub. He could feel his body swelling at an alarming rate, doubling in size within half a minute as the remaining shards of the dying soul grew just as quickly as they crumbled.

This pace wouldn’t last long – his vessel was already nearing its new limits – but the massive intake of mist triggered another change. The pressure from the vent was no longer enough to push him back, his expanding body beginning to accelerate toward it.

Having absorbed enough nutrients, the flow of gas began to slow, but Percy refused to let it. He forced his body to continue drawing in every last particle of poison it could, even as he hurtled dangerously toward the ground.

He slammed into a stone wall with a deafening crash, feeling both bones and rock shatter as the impact knocked the air from his lungs and sent his body rebounding. More impacts followed, each collision wreaking havoc on his flesh as well as the surrounding environment.

Percy heard more stones crashing down as sections of the vent’s walls crumbled, but he didn’t pay that any heed, focusing solely on maintaining his grip on the dying soul and inhaling more fumes with every ounce of willpower he had left.

By now, every bone in the furball’s body had turned into mush, as a bunch of boulders fell on top of him, pushing him down. Percy’s lungs felt like they were on fire, the pungent substance overwhelming even his newly upgraded constitution.

‘I hope that was enough…’ he thought, his consciousness finally slipping out of the dying vessel.

Percy knew his actions didn’t truly amount to much.

The furballs he had placed inside the villagers’ houses would leave sooner or later. The cores he had cleansed would eventually end up polluted again, and the poison he had consumed inside the vent would hardly make a dent. And even if he ended up helping out the people in that village, just how many more villages like that were scattered around this world?

But he didn’t regret trying.

Everything he’d done would buy these people some precious time. With higher grades, a cleaner environment and healthier bodies, the ones with the pure affinity would be able to produce more cyan powder too, extending everyone’s lives even more. They might still die, but the few years he had bought them mattered. They mattered just as much as when he’d killed Mixcoatl, or when he’d preserved his friend’s soul to create his familiar.

Percy wasn’t strong enough yet to free the people of Huehue, or to cleanse all the poison in this world…

But he would do what he could, to help as many as he could…

Why?

Because he felt like it. Micky was his friend, and he’d grown fond of the natives here too.

Wasn’t that what magic ultimately was?

The power to exert one’s will on the world!

‘I’ll keep growing stronger and… one day, I’ll have the power to make a lasting impact.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 68 – Alchemist

A note from PathOfPen

Spring Time (A One Piece Fanfiction)

It is said that humans are adaptable, but I'm pretty certain that whoever said that didn't consider being thrown headfirst into the world of One Piece as a possibility. Especially not with a start date in the middle of the canon timeline.

Join a former physicist turned pirate, as he tries to navigate the many dangers and opportunities of his second life, and perhaps find a new dream along the way. Of course being stuck in Bellamy's body as he is, he'll have to survive the whims of a certain Royal Warlord first...

Percy stirred the concoction at a modest, yet steady pace. A few bubbles began to form, but not too many. Instead of panicking, he continued going as he had, only carefully adjusting the temperature slightly with his free hand.

A few seconds later, the foam died down, the mixture settling into a transparent gel at the bottom of the cauldron. Carefully pouring the substance onto a membrane over a vial’s mouth, he watched it distilled into a clear liquid. The droplets made crisp sounds, splashing inside the sapphire bottle one after another.

“65 drops! Congratulations Percy! That’s over 16%! You’ve improved again!” Orin said.

Letting out a breath he’d been holding, Percy also felt a sense of triumph rising over his achievement. It had already been two weeks since his clone returned, and he’d been able to brew some elixir every day since. His yield had started off at a modest 15%, but it was already slightly higher than that. There was still some way to go before he could be considered a fully-fledged alchemist, but at least the losses were small enough he could stomach them on his own now. A good thing too, as today was his final session sponsored by his mentor.

“Thank you, sir! I owe everything to your kindness.” he said.

“How many times do I need to tell you to just call me Orin? And no, given how hard you’ve been working, I’m sure you would have reached this point sooner or later. I only helped you get started.”

Percy chuckled.

“That’s still massive. It would have taken me years to gather enough points by myself.”

Orin patted his shoulder before speaking.

“In any case, I’m sure you can reach 25% if you keep at it for a few more months. Just promise me you won’t pull off another reckless stunt.”

The young man gazed down at his feet, unable to look the alchemist in the eye.

“Percy… promise me.”

Orin had bought his lie about getting injured by the Starry Soldiers. That much was unavoidable, as the alternative was confessing to murder. However, what exacerbated Percy’s guilt was that he planned to start hunting the Yellow bugs for real. Now that he’d settled his previous concerns, he intended to put his new strength to work.

“The most I can promise is to be more careful in the future.” he replied after a few seconds.

Orin didn’t say anything, instead just patting his shoulder again. The two bid each other farewell as Percy left his mentor’s place for the night. Moving forward, he was still allowed to use the old alchemist’s lab, but he wouldn’t be provided with any more free materials or supervision.

Thinking back to his gains over the past month, he couldn’t help but grin. During his clone’s absence he’d lost a lot of time from hunting, which meant he’d collected much less elixir the normal way. However, adding in the amount he’d looted from his unfortunate victim, as well as the ones he’d brewed himself, he still had over forty vials left.

Each brewing session started with 400 drops of nectar and currently took him around an hour from beginning to the end. Over the last two weeks he’d reliably earned over 60 drops per session, for four sessions per day, meaning that Orin had allowed him to keep over a month’s worth of elixir. However, his income would take a massive drop now that he had to pay for his own materials. After all, he was still brewing at a loss. He sure hoped his new targets would be profitable enough to cover the difference.

***

Percy was breathing heavily as he reached the Starry Worker. At least, dispatching it wasn’t that hard – it only took a single swipe of his sickle. He owed his exhaustion to something else. Over the past few days, the young man had practiced activating both types of Circulation at the same time and keeping them going for longer.

At first, it had been somewhat tricky to recall how he’d managed to get his soul mana flowing that night. The circumstances at the time had been rather unique. Still, he was able to replicate his success after some trial and error. In fact, by now he could even do it without injuring his soul too much in the process. Unlike the cyan lines of pure mana forming static patterns on his skin, their silver counterparts constantly moved around in a chaotic vortex, resembling a maelstrom centred around his sternum.

In any case, the new version of the art further enhanced his physical capabilities, letting him run even faster atop the giant mushrooms. That alone would have increased the number of glands he harvested, but he figured he’d get the most benefit by taking down the stronger variants. Sadly, the Starry Soldiers were located on the other side of the Spire, so he’d have to spend a few hours running back and forth every day. At least, he and Micky could minimize the wasted time by killing the Orange variants en route to their cousins.

‘I should start learning the Crystallization technique too.’ Percy groaned.

Killing the workers wasn’t very difficult, so there was no better time to practice new spells than while travelling. The only issue was this particular technique required him to compress his mana over longer sessions. The frequent interruptions every time he had to kill a bug would be annoying. Still, even if it wasn’t very efficient, he could work on it over time.

Overall, Percy doubted he’d have enough nectar for over two hours of alchemy per day, which meant he would have about 16 hours to hunt on the second level. Of those, one was needed for the round trip from the settlement, while six more would be spent traveling to and from the location Nesha had told him about. He estimated he and Micky could get around 12 workers in that time. That left him about nine hours to hunt the Yellow cored bugs, and he’d need to kill at least seven of those per day to make as much nectar as he normally would.

‘And I should try teaching Micky Circulation too.’

The crow still couldn’t speak, but Percy guessed it was likely because it didn’t need to. The bird was already more intelligent than a human child by now – not something a two-year old beast should be capable of. Even more importantly, due to beasts constantly fighting with their bodies, Micky didn’t need any physical training. He only needed to clear his remaining pathways, to temper them and then find the correct pattern for the mana to flow in. Given how smart he was and with Percy guiding him, he should be able to get it down within a few months. In fact, he harboured some hope the process would jog his friend’s memories, making him learn faster, or helping him remember who he was.

‘If all else fails, it’s still worth it for the powerup.’

So once again, Percy had ended up with quite a few projects to work on in parallel. The increased profits from his lucrative prey would hopefully offset the losses from his subpar brewing, allowing him to continue funding one of his cores. He’d keep at it until he surpassed a 25% yield, at which point he’d switch to full-time alchemy. That should eventually get him enough points to cover for both of his cores.

In the meantime, he’d keep feeding his familiar wasps, working on both Micky’s advancement and his own recovery, so that he could resume sending out clones once a month. The bird would also focus on learning Circulation, which would allow it to hunt the workers on its own when mastered. That would let them split up, focusing on different tasks. At the same time, Percy would work on Crystallization, eventually incorporating the cyan powder into his alchemy. He still wasn’t sure what the exact result would be, but he had a hunch he could use it to improve the elixirs in some way.

‘No time to waste. There are only four-and-a-half years left until the lotus blooms.’

Percy understood he still had a long way to go until he was strong enough to have a real voice in his family. Well, if he wanted to accomplish that without spilling his secrets or hugging baldy’s thighs, at least.

CAW! CAW!

Micky suddenly pecked his shoulder, breaking him out of his thoughts.

‘You’re right. I’m thinking too far into the future. For now, let’s focus on what’s right in front of us.’

They were there. They had finally reached the location of the Starry Soldiers.

Percy grinned.

He was about to have his first proper fight against a Yellow cored beast. And with his own body at that.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 69 – Starry Soldiers

A note from PathOfPen

Heavy Metal [ A Monster Evolution LitRPG ]

The epic battle between hero and demon reaches its climax within the accursed castle. However, in a shocking twist of fate, the Hero is betrayed by his most trusted allies. Struck down in the midst of the battle, the Hero and Demon King meet their demise. As their souls linger on the edge of the afterlife, a mysterious force intervenes, merging their fragmented souls together with a new being. The living armor, now affected by their memories and presence, embarks on its own quest. Will it seek revenge on those who betrayed the hero, or will it fulfill the desires of the fallen demon king? or instead, forge its own path?

As soon as Percy overcame the shock of seeing a wasp as large as he was, he thought he’d have an easy time slaying the overgrown bug. Its slick black carapace still glittered with colours like its smaller cousins, but the soldier was large enough that its camouflage was essentially useless.

After all, the motes of light slowly falling from the mushrooms above couldn’t possibly conceal the man-sized creature, nor could they obscure the dense Yellow shape thrumming within Percy’s Mana Sense. So, with nowhere to hide and with such a bulky frame, how hard could it be to hit it with his sickle?

Well…

Near impossible it turned out.

‘I really need to stop jinxing everything.’

The soldier’s stinger was about the shape and length of a rapier, delivering a barrage of lunges, trying to turn his head into a kebab. Strictly speaking, Percy didn’t have much difficulty dodging the blows – they were more forgiving than the mage’s stone javelins. Especially with the bug’s soul betraying its intentions ahead of time.

Still, it was landing his own attacks that proved challenging. Unlike his human opponent who had stood in place like a sitting duck, Percy couldn’t pin the wasp down. Despite its larger frame, the soldier was even more agile than the Orange variants. Hitting it from a distance was a tall order.

Then, there was the strategy Percy had used against the workers at the beginning. Back when he was weaker, he’d resorted to well-timed counterattacks to dispatch the bugs. Sadly, that wasn’t applicable right now. His only means of defending himself had grown obsolete once more. And there wasn’t much he could do about that.

‘There’s no way to block a Yellow beast’s attacks with pure mana from a Red core.’

Until it advanced to Orange, he’d have to retire his second core entirely. Its only use at the moment was the passive boost to his physique. Although he did have another advantage.

Side-stepping a stab, Percy tried to bisect the wasp’s soul with his left. It moved horizontally to dodge, but that gave him a chance to throw the second Parting Gift held by his right.

Thanks to Circulation, he could summon and maintain two of the weapons now!

That said, the wasp flew up to avoid the second attack. Next, it only stared at him for a moment before diving back to unleash another rain of lunges, trying to take advantage of his missing weapon. Not that he had much trouble evading them, but a similar scene repeated once he finished replacing his second sickle.

Half an hour later, the two were still at an impasse. The bug attacked whenever Percy was one weapon down, putting him on the backfoot until he recovered. Whenever he did, it was his turn to go on the offense, but the soldier was just as good at evading. If necessary, Percy could keep Circulation up with both cores for a couple more hours. Still…

‘How do I create an opening?’

Having Micky distract the creature was out of the question. Percy had already asked his familiar to remain at a safe distance and he had no intention of letting him anywhere close to the monster.

As Percy was evaluating his options, the soldier suddenly did something different. It flew a few meters above his head, before pointing its stinger down.

‘Oh, fuck me!’

A purple blob emerged from the stinger’s point, soon expanding to a blanket shrouding his view. Leaping to the side, Percy barely managed to roll out of the way as the sludge rained on the mushroom.

SSSSS

The surface of the giant fungus sizzled as a wall of brown gas rose to the sky. The small amount that reached Percy’s nose burned his nostrils, even coating the back of his throat with an acrid aftertaste.

However, that was just the start, as the wasp fired two more liquid projectiles. This time, it was harder evading them, some of the acid landing on his leg.

SSSSS

“AAAAAAGH!!”

Percy hadn’t expected to experience this again so soon. Luckily, it didn’t corrode much deeper than his skin. The substance had spread rather thin during its flight, otherwise he wouldn’t be surprised seeing his entire limb melted into a puddle – bones and everything. Not that it made his situation much less precarious.

He barely got the chance to roll out of the way of the stinger, as it stabbed just inches from his face. Lodged into the mushroom, the wasp appeared stuck, but it still tried to crush his throat with its limbs, forcing him to keep crawling away. Only when he was a couple meters from the bug did he get the chance to stand up, before dashing towards the soldier, taking advantage of its immobility to finally kill it.

‘That was a close one.’

Percy had thought his latest improvements would make this a walk in the park, but he couldn’t have been more wrong. The acid rain attack was something he’d never seen the Orange variants do. It could have easily spelled his doom if the bug wasn’t limited to three consecutive shots. In fact, if the soldier hadn’t stupidly trapped itself, the fight might have not even ended.

‘You live, you learn.’ he shrugged.

At least, this did give him an idea as to how he could use his pure mana against these creatures. Although it wasn’t strong enough to block their blows or pierce their carapace, maybe he could protect himself from the acid rain with it.

‘Micky! Come eat the core!’

The familiar didn’t need to be told twice. Tearing into the hard exoskeleton took the bird a bit longer than usual, but it still managed to claw a hole soon enough. It first dug the gland out of the torso, throwing it to Percy with its talon. Then, it dove back into the bug’s sternum, looking for the tasty snack. Percy grabbed the gland. Ignoring his feasting friend, he took a vial out of his pouch. Next, he sliced it open with a knife before squeezing the nectar into the gemstone.

’45!’ he counted with glee.

He’d already known how much nectar the soldiers had on them of course. Still, actually seeing half the vial filled with amber fluid after a single kill was truly satisfying.

‘And to think the commanders on the top level have over 400 drops on them. That’s enough for a dose of the elixir!’

Not that anybody hunted there of course. Most Guild members were already alchemists by the time they reached Green, let alone Blue. By then, they could earn a lot more points brewing than hunting.

‘Oh well. I’ll get there too. Soon.’

***

‘Here it comes again.’

The wasp fired a blob of acid like the last one. This time, Percy was prepared. Through the passive Soul Vision granted by his Circulation, he dodged the spray before it was even unleashed.

He could have easily evaded the next two shots too, but he intentionally remained within the splash zone to test something out. Pure mana gushed out of his pores as he swiped his arm, brushing the droplets aside with a wave of cyan. The purple liquid rapidly dissolved the flimsy defence, some of it making it to Percy’s skin. Still, most of it had been blocked.

‘Success… kinda.’ he made a weird expression halfway between a grin and a wince.

He’d rather dodge the attacks entirely than rely on this, but it was nice knowing he had one last layer of protection.

Next, the soldier dove down in an attempt to poke his eye out. Apparently, this one wasn’t dumb enough to get itself trapped like the last bug. Dodging, Percy tried to land a melee blow, hitting nothing but empty air.

Not getting discouraged, he quickly threw a handful of silver knives towards the creature. While he’d kept one of the Parting Gifts in the shape of a sickle, he’d decided to branch out by reverting the second one to a bunch of projectiles. Two of them missed, but the last one grazed its side. The silver silhouette shook, the wasp’s movements growing erratic.

Finishing the injured creature only took a couple more minutes.

‘Ok. Progress.’

At least, Percy didn’t come close to dying this time. Also, incorporating some level of variation in his arsenal looked promising. Still, he estimated he wouldn’t kill more than six soldiers today. Surpassing his previous spoils would take a few more weeks.

But he wasn’t too disappointed.

‘It’s going to be worth it in the long-term.’

His gains had been modest when he began hunting the workers too, yet they’d quickly eclipsed what was possible on the first level. Percy couldn’t help but rub his hands in anticipation. After a year in the Guild, his original goal was finally within reach.

‘I’m going to have enough elixir for both of my cores soon.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 70 – Second year in the Guild

A note from PathOfPen

Storm Strider

Five thousand kilometres from shore. A sea of leviathans snapping at her heels. Marisol has never felt more alive.

Nearly a century ago, rifts opened and giant mutated bugs descended upon humanity. They were named the ‘Swarm’ for their fierce, insatiable hunger for human flesh—but born and raised as a sand-dancer in a desert village, Marisol Vellamira wants nothing to do with them. For ten years, she has toiled and saved up every last penny so she could sail to the legendary Whirlpool City and bring a vial of healing seawater back to her sickly mother. Who has time to worry about some distant war?

But just when she earns enough to pay for her once-in-a-lifetime trip to the city, a swarm of leviathans attack her ship and strand her in the middle of the sea, forcing her to pick a class from a system.

Three out of four classes will save her life and bring her home, but only one will let her stand on water, move forward, and save her mother.

She hasn’t spent ten years dancing the skin off her feet for nothing.

Marisol will skate to the city or die trying.

* * *

Schedule for this story: Updates every Thursday and Sunday!

More time passed as Percy worked hard on all fronts, improving both his hunting efficiency and his brewing yield. A month after his first fight against a Starry Soldier, he could already reliably kill around 10 of them per day. The difference was rather modest, but he welcomed the opportunity to hone his combat skills once more.

Before, his efficiency had plateaued as he could already slay the workers near instantly, and his profits had been capped by his travelling speed. Now, he finally had the chance to work on both his stamina – extending Circulation to last all day – and the potency of his magic – learning how to better slaughter the bugs. He also grew better at alchemy, raising his yield to 18%. Between earning 630 drops of nectar per trip and converting most of that into elixir, he could finally fully support one of his cores while still getting a lot of brewing practice.

But he didn’t stop there.

Five months later – or about half a year since the end of his funding – Percy was able to hunt 14 soldiers per trip, while his yield had increased to a whopping 23%. He estimated he could have crossed the 25% threshold if he had continued spending four hours on alchemy per day, but sadly he only had enough nectar for about two. Still, he was on the verge of supporting both of his cores when another interesting development occurred.

Micky finally mastered Circulation!

As Percy had come to learn through the numerous beasts his clones had possessed, a beast affinity was very uniquely suited for the technique. In fact, that was an understatement. Apparently, blood was the best medium for beast mana to flow in, making one’s blood vessels synonymous with their channels!

Even more importantly, since beasts didn’t use conventional spells, they didn’t fall into the trap of only clearing the channels branching out from their cores to their extremities. Instead, they passively cleared and tempered all their pathways, their mana constantly flowing through their whole body, always empowering it. Percy had been shocked by that discovery, realizing beasts already used Circulation – albeit a weaker version of it. It had essentially been the truth behind their strength all along!

It didn’t take a genius to find the correct pattern for the mana to flow in either. It was identical to one’s circulatory system. However, that didn’t mean Micky couldn’t learn to use the full scope of the technique. It only meant Circulation for a beast was equivalent to supercharging their blood flow, a bit like a steroid, drawing even more strength out of their bodies than usual.

Beasts also couldn’t exactly replenish their mana by breathing like mages did, because ambient mana didn’t contain the beast affinity. They could still slowly draw some mana of other affinities from the air, converting it to beast mana, but it was much less efficient than it was for Percy.

In Micky’s case, Circulation drew its power from the crow’s flesh and blood. It broke down the body, converting matter to strength. At first, Percy had worried this would have an adverse effect on his familiar. After a few tests, however, he concluded it wouldn’t.

Perhaps it might be an issue for a beast living in an environment where food was scarce. For Micky who had more wasp meat than he knew what to do with, it wouldn’t be a problem. It only meant he had to eat some more of his preys’ bodies per day, and he’d wake up fresh the following morning.

The only reason it had even taken the bird so long to master the technique was due to its reluctance. It had needed a lot of convincing from Percy before it was willing to endure the strain of the spell. It wasn’t a pleasant experience, but the familiar quickly came around after enjoying the benefits of the technique.

And naturally, that was a game-changer for them. Micky had already been able to easily find the workers before – he just hadn’t been great at killing them. However, his efficiency soared after his upgrade. The crow could now hunt the Orange variants way faster by itself, as Percy only slowed the bird down. On his first day roaming the second level alone, Micky took down over forty wasps, brutally shattering their previous record!

At that point they split up, with Micky spending all day hunting the workers by himself, while Percy was free to focus on Crystallization as he travelled to the soldiers. They also gathered over 1200 contribution points per day, not only giving Percy enough for both cores, but even letting him save some. Four months later, their hunting trips hadn’t improved much, with Micky capping at around 43 kills per day, and Percy unable to get past 15.

Still, his brewing yield finally reached 26%, making him a fully-fledged alchemist. According to Orin, he could even take a test if he wanted, to be officially acknowledged by the Guild. It would raise his status if he left one day. It still wouldn’t be on par with a Yellow-born, but he’d receive better treatment than Orange-borns who had never dabbled in alchemy.

It wasn’t a huge deal, and Percy didn’t see a reason to bother just yet, but perhaps he could consider it when it was time to leave. More importantly, he could now brew elixirs at a profit, and he even had a lot stashed in his house. He had enough to last as a buffer for two months once he stopped hunting.

It was finally time to make the transition to full-time alchemy!

At first, it would be less profitable than his current hunting trips, but that would be temporary. By brewing 18 hours per day, he would improve rapidly, meaning he’d continue increasing his yield several times faster. And sure enough, another two months later – or one year after Orin’s funding stopped – Percy reached a 30% yield!

That was when the improvements truly slowed down, but it was enough. Each brewing session only took him about 40 minutes now, and with such a yield it meant he could now earn 2160 points per day! That was without even including the 645 points Micky got!

‘Finally…’

His two original goals in coming to the Guild had already been met. He could now fund both of his cores, and Micky had a perfect environment to keep hunting Orange beasts to his heart’s content. Even better, Percy was making over three times as much money as he needed, so in theory he could fall back and relax for a while.

He chuckled.

‘As if…’

Percy might have met his initial targets, but there were still many projects he had to worry about. He had continued sending his clones out about once a month, although they’d all returned empty-handed. A couple of them had ended up possessing sentient creatures again, but neither of them had access to anything that couldn’t be found on Remior. Not that it was a bad thing, as he had yet to fully process his gains from the primitive village.

By now, he could compress the cyan constructs by about 40%. It was still a little short of what he needed, and his improvements had slowed down as he hadn’t had much time outside alchemy to invest in the technique over the past couple of months. Still, now that he was free, he decided to only brew as much elixir as he needed for the next few weeks, spending the rest of his time on Crystallization. He had a hunch it would let him take an important step forward once mastered.

His other long-term projects included the creation of a Starry Wasp familiar and repairing Micky’s second core. The former still stumped him, as there were way too many impossible problems he had to overcome. Having two ethereal cords at once was already difficult, so he couldn’t even consider creating another familiar without losing the ability to send out clones. Not to mention the issue with stealing a wasp egg from the depths of the Fungal Spire under the noses of Blue and Violet beasts.

As for repairing Micky’s core, that was more doable. The 1 million contribution points he needed were a lot, but given his current income, they were no longer impossible to amass. Even without any further improvements, he’d get there in less than two years if he saved up all his excess money. Though he still hoped his gamble with Crystallization would pay off beforehand.

‘Let’s do it then. I need to compress the damn crystal by the end of the month.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)