Somehow, his second core had ended up at an even lower starting point than his first! Not only at Red, but also lacking an affinity! Percy doubted he’d get much use out of it. Even when he raised it to Orange – five years from now – it would at most let him produce some weak attacks at the level of a Red core.

Baldy placed his hand on his shoulder, squeezing it gently.

“Don’t let this get to you. It’s still a good thing.”

The young man remained silent for a minute.

“Grandpa, have you ever heard of a way to change one’s affinity? Or to raise one’s grade faster?”

Archibald sighed.

“Neither of those things exist on Remior… But I wouldn’t be surprised if they do on some distant world. The universe is vast.”

Percy’s eyes regained some lustre, though baldy’s subsequent words quashed the rising hope.

“You shouldn’t count on that.” Archibald shook his head. “Even bringing back a second core from the Moirai was an exceptional stroke of luck. You may never stumble on another treasure on that level.”

The young man clenched his fists as he read his Status once more. At least the physical enhancements from his second core would help. Also, his soul projectiles should be close to registering as a proper Crude spell.

But he was still a long way from bridging the gap with his peers. There was only one way forward, albeit riddled with uncertainties.

“I’ll send out my next clone tomorrow… I’ll comb the ends of the universe if I have to, until I find another way to get stronger…”

Chapter 17 – A painful endeavour

A note from PathOfPen

Rise of the Frontier Lord [ Kingdom Builder ]

It’s not just winter that is coming; freaking man-eating WARGS are.

Awoken in a strange world, Mark—a Silicon Valley executive—finds himself in the body of the powerful law enforcer Atlas.

Torn between traditions he doesn’t care about and getting his head mauled off by oversized wolves walking around like people and virgin-hunting cultists, Mark needs to navigate the complicated beliefs and customs of his own followers.

Winter is coming, and with it, the greatly feared wargs. And Fort Winterclaw isn’t in a state to withstand it. With time ticking down, Mark needs to make some major changes if he hopes to hold onto his second life longer than his first.

* * *

What to expect

Base/Kingdom building

Competent MC

MC uses Magitech

Large cast

No Harem

Meaningfully earned progression

Release schedule: 5 times per week for rising stars. This may be reduced to 3 times a week afterward.

Today was the day.

Percy had finished mending the new cracks, restoring his soul to a pristine condition. He’d also refilled both cores and got a good night’s sleep. Adding to that, baldy had arranged for his children to manage the family, freeing himself to oversee his grandson’s venture.

Admittedly, Percy felt a little guilty over it.

Somehow, their strained relationship had evolved to the point of him monopolizing his grandpa’s time, which he knew was precious. The man was a Violet with an entire House to run and hundreds of people to look after, yet here he was, focusing his efforts on a Red-born teenager.

‘I’ll make it up to him.’

Even if he couldn’t find a way to get stronger, he had to bring something back for his family.

Going over all the steps in his mind once more, Percy cleared his thoughts, beginning the process. First, he activated Soul Vision, tuning it to look at his own soul. Gathering mana on his fingertips, he placed his hand right in front of his sternum.

Next, he sent a pulse of mana through his soul, letting it reflect off its edges. The moment it all returned to his chest, he seized the opportunity to grab the newly formed bump. He slowly pulled it outwards, ignoring the painful tears that started to form as the silver flame left the boundary of his flesh.

Only after it stabilized did he send another pulse of mana from his core, trying to reinforce the damaged regions as he forced the protrusion to enlarge.

‘So far, so good.’

***

Wave after wave, refill after refill, hour after hour, Percy continued to cultivate the ethereal substance in his hand. It was the very fabric he would craft his clone from.

Soon after starting, he’d been elated to discover his soul was more durable than last time! He guessed the awakening of his second core had influenced it. Neither Percy nor Archibald had ever heard that one’s grade affected their soul, but then again, they hardly knew much about soul affinities to begin with.

In hindsight, it wasn’t that odd either. The fact that promotions strengthened one’s body was common knowledge. It would be stranger if they didn’t have a similar impact on other aspects of one’s existence. If this hadn’t been the case, a Red core with a soul affinity would be able to kill a White with a sneaky spell, which was absurd to imagine.

Either way, the young man gladly welcomed all the help he could get. And it did help, as his soul was noticeably more resilient, the tears forming just a touch more slowly.

Waiting for his core to refill for the umpteenth time, he tossed a quick glance out the window.

‘The sun is about to set…’

Apparently, he’d been at it for over twelve hours. The orb in his hand was already larger than an apple. He was getting tired too, the concentration and pain taking a toll on his mind. His original plan had been to pull an all-nighter, gathering as much of his soul as possible before cutting out the clone.

But that didn’t seem very realistic now. While he could push himself to go on, it appeared there was a limit to how much of his soul he could pull out at once. The more he accumulated, the greater the pressure was, causing the cracks to appear faster. Right now, the damage was piling up more quickly than his newly strengthened soul and his manual reinforcement could handle.

‘Ok then. Let’s move to the next phase ahead of time.’

As soon as his core was refilled, he pulled the soul mana again. Unlike before, he didn’t send another pulse, instead gathering it manually inside the blob. For the next two hours, Percy filled the orb with as much mana as he could manage, causing it to glow more brightly, until even baldy could faintly see it.

Moving the mana directly into it resulted in fewer losses, but the bump didn’t grow in size. Unless the mana travelled through his soul first, it didn’t have that effect. That was clearly an aspect of his bloodline he’d inherited from his family.

The reason he was adding more mana to the orb was to give his clone some means of protecting himself later. He didn’t know what circumstances he’d find himself in, but he figured having a stockpile of mana to fall back to might be handy.

‘Or maybe not.’ he shrugged. ‘But it’s worth a shot.’

Finally, he refilled his core one last time and – after giving his grandpa a resolute look – he fully activated his ability.

The ghostly claw violently bolted out of his sternum, heading straight towards the thrumming blob. Wherever it passed, it carved nasty gouges in the silver flame, causing Percy to experience a world of agony. Not just that, but the tears that already existed widened, making the situation worse.

Only after the claw entered the blob did something change, as it began to sizzle, the orb swelling and contracting around it a couple of times. Then…

SNAP

A loud shockwave rippled through Percy. The last thing he saw before his eyelids fell shut was a silver comet blasting out of his bedroom’s wall.

‘Go… Soar through the cosmos little me…’

***

“Fuck.” was the first word that came out of his mouth.

The original Percy’s that was – not the clone’s. His head ached as if it had been split in half. And if not, perhaps he should consider it. It might be an improvement. He was lying on his bed, in a pool of sweat, the sheets sticking to his back.

“How are you feeling?” baldy asked, sitting on a chair next to him.

The man’s hand was raised, a gentle green glow radiating from it. Not that it did much, as the source of Percy’s pain wasn’t something life mana could help with. Still, he did appreciate the gesture.

“Like I’ve torn out a part of my soul.” the young man grinned. “How long was I out this time?”

“Just the night.”

Percy exhaled in relief. This was good. Not only had he recovered much sooner, but he’d done so before his clone returned – which was progress. Evidently, his efforts over the past few weeks hadn’t been for naught.

But thinking of a possibility, he paled.

‘Unless the clone crumbled earlier than the last one?!’

Panicking, he tried pulling some mana to his eyes, to check his soul’s condition. He frowned. His core was surprisingly empty. It should have recovered on its own by now, since he’d slept for a long time…

Over the next few minutes, he meditated to speed up his regeneration, managing to manually gather some mana, eventually.

Turning Soul Vision on, he examined himself, his features soon twisting at the sight. His soul was in even worse shape than the first time he’d ever laid eyes on it. Technically, it wasn’t too surprising. Back then, it had already had weeks to heal on its own before he learned about his affinity.

Still, the sight was unsettling to behold. The tears were too wide and too deep to be described as ‘cracks’ anymore. Some regions looked like they were held together by a few scant strands, about to break off any moment now. But the worst part was the hole in his chest. It was as if a giant had scooped out a huge chunk of his soul with an oversized spoon, as the edges in the crater squirmed, leaking mana.

‘That explains why my core is empty.’

Apparently, his soul was frantically sucking the mana out of his sternum, trying to hold itself together.

Yet, it wasn’t all bad news. Stretching out of the hole in his chest, Percy felt something extending into the distance. It was invisible even to Soul Vision, somehow even less corporeal than soul mana. If he had to describe it, it was as if somebody had grabbed an idea and rolled it up into a rope. Like an umbilical cord, letting him sense that his soul clone was still out there, somewhere.

Only then did he let out the turbid breath he’d been holding.

‘At least, it wasn’t all for nothing.’

He sure hoped his clone would survive longer than the other one. And if he was lucky, even bring back something useful when it was done. For now, he could find comfort in the fact he was awake and could do other things while waiting.

It didn’t seem he could practice his soul magic, as his mana was still busy trying to keep his soul together, but perhaps he could feed his second core elixirs and get a bit more used to it over the next few days.

‘Back to the grind, I suppose.’

Chapter 18 – Wanderer

His thoughts were groggy, taking ages to form. Or maybe seconds? He couldn’t tell. Actually, Percy couldn’t tell much of anything at the moment. He was blind and deaf. His sense of touch was gone too. The last thing he remembered was activating his bloodline, watching it tear his soul up.

‘Either I botched it and killed myself, or I’m the clone.’

Both conclusions sounded possible, though he felt it was more productive to assume the latter.

At least, it was good he retained some sense of self this time. On his previous attempt, this had only happened on the way back. It was certainly nice to have some control over the process. Well, assuming he could figure out what was going on…

‘Let’s focus on what I can tell.’

The most prominent feeling was something attached to him, pulling him towards a certain direction. The force it exerted was currently weak, but it was strengthening very, very slowly. For now, it didn’t affect him much, but he knew it would become irresistible eventually. Perhaps it had to do with how much strength the clone – him – had left? Or maybe with how badly his main body wanted him back? Or something else entirely?

Either way, he should try finding a vessel before that happened.

‘If only I could see...’

His normal senses didn’t work, but there had to be something he could do. Concentrating outwards, he filtered out the attraction of his body, trying to grasp at anything else. For a long time, there was nothing.

Then, something appeared at the edge of his consciousness. Curious, he focused on it, causing it to expand and expand until…

BUMP

Percy felt an impact, shaking his very existence.

‘What the hell?!’

Whatever it was, it was now getting more distant. Making a mental note to approach things more slowly in the future, he wondered why he’d been rejected. Was there a reason he couldn’t possess that person?

‘Actually, was that even a person?’

Unable to tell, he resumed the experimentation. He repeated the same steps for some time, until another object appeared. Proceeding with more caution, he limited himself to fleeting glimpses. Each time he looked, it grew larger. Stopping when he was close enough, he went over what he understood about it, making sure not to focus too hard, to avoid crashing into it again.

It felt like a soul, although it was his first time encountering one in his present state. He’d seen plenty of them before via Soul Vision, but that was nothing like his current perspective. That said, this object gave him a conflicting mix of familiarity and strangeness. On one hand, it resembled his original self, still tugging at him through the connection. On the other, this was clearly somebody else.

Also, there was a sense of rejection. Whenever he stopped ‘looking’, he felt himself drift further and further…

‘I suppose I wouldn’t want to be possessed either.’

Nor did he want to do that to somebody else, actually. He still felt guilty over possessing that baby. He’d rather approach things differently this time if he could help it.

Once more, he scanned his surroundings, struggling a little as the soul obstructed his senses. Instinctively, he wished to move away from it, which seemed to work, the object shrinking in his ‘vision’. Percy continued until he was satisfied with the distance. It only took a second. Or did it?

Come to think of it, he hadn’t a clue how long it had been, nor how far he’d travelled. But he guessed it should be measured at a cosmic scale. After all, he’d essentially sleepwalked out of Remior last time.

‘Focus Percy.’

The young man – or perhaps the even younger soul fragment – felt the pull of his main body growing stronger. He still had time – relatively speaking – but he needed to make some progress.

He reached outwards once more. A third soul appeared, but he didn’t approach it just yet. He kept concentrating until a fourth and a fifth joined it. Before long – or maybe after long – a sea of souls surrounded him from every direction.

It was nice to have some choice, assuming he could pick from those of course. Still, it was annoying he couldn’t examine them too closely, lest he approached one by accident. Instead, he had to tiptoe around the swarm, trying to learn about them without looking directly.

As he allowed his senses to softly brush over the myriad lights, a strange thought crossed his mind.

‘This is beautiful!’

He didn’t fully understand what laid in front of him, but he suddenly realized he didn’t want to rush things. Perhaps no human had ever experienced anything like this. Percy felt a bubbling urge to take his time, appreciating the exotic scenery. To truly understand it. Even if he failed to find a body today, he would learn a lot for his next attempt.

Thus, he relaxed, letting go of his previous urgency.

The ‘lights’ came in all shapes and sizes. Lacking anything to measure them with, he could only compare them to one another. Some were tiny. There were countless of them clustered together, and he felt they were so weak he could snuff them out even in his current state.

‘Bugs maybe.’

The brightest of them outshone the sun, the mere thought of approaching sending a wave of terror through his splintered consciousness.

‘Those must be gods.’

Still numerous – given the scale of the universe – but far scarcer than the other types. Percy had never seen a god in person. Not even back on Remior. Though he’d seen plenty of statues and illustrations. And stolen a titaness’s mana.

That said, he didn’t want anything to do with these alien deities. Most of them were probably hostile to his species. Instinctively, he wished to move away, but he didn’t know which way to go. There was one no matter where he looked.

‘Calm down Percy. They can’t find you here.’

Pressing down his fear, he considered categorizing the souls using something other than their ‘brightness’. Once more, he scanned them, looking for a different way to tell them apart. That’s when he sensed a rather peculiar soul. Curious, he approached. In terms of potency, it was far more powerful than the insects, and infinitely weaker than the gods.

‘Well, duh.’

Sadly, that was about the extent of what he could discern. Beyond that, Reds and Whites didn’t look too different. Hopefully that would change with more practice. In any case, this wasn’t the aspect he was interested in. Unlike the others, this soul felt wrong, somehow. It was fluttering erratically and dimming quickly.

Then, Percy made a mistake. In his attempt to learn more about it, he focused on it a little more than he’d meant to, causing him to approach it rapidly.

Growing nearer, he averted his ‘gaze’, trying to stop. It was difficult! For some reason, this one wasn’t rejecting him! It was pulling him in!

Intensifying his efforts, Percy actively steered away, eventually managing to slow down. Just in time too, as he had come this close to getting sucked right in.

A moment later, the light fizzled out of existence, disappearing forever…

‘Wow. I think the poor guy just died.’

At least that solved the mystery of how to possess somebody. Evidently, only those on the verge of death seemed to lower their defences, allowing others to approach. Perhaps it was some desperate, last-ditch effort to survive. It was a little morbid, but it was comforting to know he hadn’t taken over and killed a healthy baby. The alien he’d possessed had probably been a stillborn or something.

Suddenly, Percy was dragged out of his thoughts, as he found himself on the move again. Another soul was pulling him!

However, this one wasn’t some dying stranger. It was his main body! Apparently, his time here had ran out. The force wasn’t very strong just yet. He could still resist if he wanted, but he knew that wouldn’t be the case for long.

Truth be told, he wasn’t too bummed out. Even though his original mission had failed, he’d learned a lot about this place, which would greatly help him in his future ventures.

‘Still, the main body will be so disappointed…’

Focusing outwards once more, he decided to check one last time, to see if he could find a good target.

The pull was somewhat distracting, but he eventually managed to peer into the sea of souls again. Having a clearer idea of what to look for, he scanned through them much faster than before. He ignored those too powerful or too weak, and he didn’t spare the healthy ones a second glance either.

Eventually, his attention landed on another dimming light. But he didn’t approach it. It was dying even faster than the one before. Whatever had killed it had done a thorough job. It would suck to possess a body only to find out it had been beheaded.

‘I need something a bit more on the fence so that I might survive. And I need to do it fast.’

The pull from the main body grew stronger, this time forcing him to actively exert effort to resist it. Percy found a few more damaged souls, but they didn’t fit. One was too powerful, three were dying too quickly, one was too tiny. It didn’t seem like it was meant to be. But it was ok. At least he’d tried.

Percy was close to accepting his failure, when he suddenly spotted another dying light. It was a bit stronger than he would have liked. He didn’t know if that would be a problem. Also, it was fading a touch too fast. Even if he possessed it, he’d probably die again soon. An unpleasant thing to experience for nothing. Still, he didn’t have much to lose. Well, hopefully not.

‘Ok, let’s do it.’

Mobilizing every iota of his will, he resisted his body’s pull for the briefest of instants, reaching for the dying light.

The next moment, he felt it enlarge.

Then, he was gone.

Chapter 19 – Possessed

A note from PathOfPen

Keeper of Totality [Time-Travel LitRPG]

The death of the Hero reset the timeline.

That wasn't what Lucy had intended when she made that last soul attack while dying. But she returned to Earth and tried to do the obvious thing: use her knowledge of the future to dominate the System's five realms.

Except A: She messed up and got this 'Shard of Totality' thing stuck in her eye.

B: Her Status is broken.

And C: The Hero remembers everything, and has his own agenda involving her other identity, Adrianna RIftmire.

She could be doomed. But as a master of soul magic and former Archmage, she's not defenceless.

And this might just be her best chance to permanently defeat the Hero of Light, whose powers distort destiny to ensure his success… is unpreventable.

* * *

- Slow burn.

- Long chapters.

- Revenge

- Magic + Physical Combat

- Snek sidekick

- A bit of organisational management and politics.

- This will have a romance subplot... after Chapter 500 or something. Incredibly far away. Forget about it for now.

Chapter releases: M-F

Percy found himself in an odd state.

He was still unable to see or hear anything, but he had finally stopped moving. His body’s pull was much fainter too. It was there, yet it couldn’t pry him out of… wherever he was. His attempt to possess the dying light had clearly done something, though he wasn’t sure what.

‘It’s like my limbs are twisted and stuffed inside a messy crate.’

Well, assuming he even had limbs. Logically this body should have something of the sort, but he couldn’t move a muscle just yet. Percy tried shifting around. He appeared to still be in a soul-form. His very existence slipped through the nooks and crannies of a cramped container. Suddenly…

One of the objects he was in contact with gave way under the pressure, shattering into nothing.

‘The other soul! It’s not completely gone!’

Percy tried to untangle himself from his host’s spirit, feeling more pieces crumble. At the same time, the pull strengthened slightly. Apparently, he couldn’t afford to damage it too much or there would be nothing left to anchor him to this place.

‘Can you fucking stop that?!?!’ that wasn’t his thought.

The words echoing through his mind were foreign, spoken in some language he’d never heard of. Still, he could understand them, as they seemed to be conveyed alongside their underlying meaning. Percy would have frowned if he still had lips.

‘Who are you?’ he asked.

A wave of amusement intruded into his mind.

‘Who do you think?! Or did you walk into my body by accident?’

Ok, that was a dumb question. In Percy’s defence, he hadn’t expected he’d be sharing. Nothing of the sort had happened that one other time.

‘Then again, the last body WAS an infant.’

‘YOU MONSTER!! YOU POSSESSED A BABY?!?’ the soul yelled in outrage.

Percy found himself at a loss for words. He hadn’t meant to share that.

‘For what it’s worth, it was an accident. Also, it was dying already… I think.’

‘GET OUT YOU FIEND!!!’

This time, the other soul was the one to shift around, trying to push him out. The only thing it managed, however, was to damage itself even more. A wave of pain assaulted Percy, but it wasn’t his own.

‘Cut it out! Are you trying to destroy yourself?’

‘SILENCE, DEMON!!!’ the soul yelled. ‘I WOULD RATHER DIE THAN LET YOU DEFILE MY BODY!!!’

Percy was about to swear but paused. Perhaps this was the normal reaction to getting possessed. If there was even such a thing as ‘normal’ in this situation. Still, it would be a waste to die within three minutes of getting here.

‘Can we talk about this first?’ he asked. ‘I promise I’ll leave on my own if we can’t come to an agreement.’

‘What is there to discuss?!? I’ve lived my whole life as a proud warrior of Huehue! I won’t let my death change that!!’

Percy focused on the most interesting piece of information his soulmate had shared.

‘Huehue? Is that the name of this world?’

This time, a wave of shock hit him, giving him a bad premonition. Somehow, he’d made the already precarious situation even worse.

‘YOU DON’T EVEN KNOW THAT?!?! OUTSIDER?!?!’

The soul doubled its efforts to evict him. At this rate, it would only be a few moments until it fell apart. Even the second-hand pain reaching Percy through the connection was difficult to endure. Whatever his host was going through must’ve been a dozen times worse, but it didn’t seem to care.

‘What do you have against outsiders? I didn’t even know about this place before now!’ he said.

‘LIAR!!! IT’S PEOPLE LIKE YOU WHO RUINED EVERYTHING!!! I’D SOONER LET MY BODY BE POSSESSED BY A KROKA’ROCH THAN SCUM LIKE YOU!!!’

Percy was about to give up. The pull was starting to pry him off the body and it didn’t seem like its owner could be reasoned with. Still, he tried one last time.

‘Look, I have no clue who these outsiders you hate are, but why would they take over your body? Do you have anything they want?’

Against all odds, that did seem to slow the soul’s efforts slightly, as it appeared to ponder over Percy’s question. Though it didn’t drop its resistance entirely.

‘Who knows? You people have already taken everything! Our world, our heritage, our freedom! Perhaps you decided it wasn’t enough anymore and you want our dignity too!’

The soul’s words were scathing, but Percy felt something more than fury behind them. An indescribable sorrow.

‘I’m sorry those things happened to you.’ he replied. ‘I have no interest in possessing somebody by force. If you would like to live a little longer, I can try holding whatever’s left of you together for a while. I won’t do anything else without permission.’

This time, the spirit stopped fighting. However, many of the fragments had already shattered. Percy found it difficult to hold on. Especially as he treaded a narrow line between anchoring himself and not squeezing the pieces too tightly.

‘How do I know you’re telling the truth?’ it asked after a while.

Percy sent what he hoped would come across as a mental shrug.

‘You can always kick me out later if I try anything funny.’

The soul remained silent for a while. He was about to remind it they were running out of time, when it spoke.

‘Can you even do as you claim?’

‘Beats me. Your earlier tantrum certainly made things harder. Still, unless you have a better idea, I can do my best.’

The spirit didn’t say anything, which Percy assumed was a ‘yes’. Of course, what he had promised was easier said than done. His host had already been dying when he found it, suggesting its body and soul hadn’t been in great shape to begin with. Now, it was even worse. Not to mention that he could hardly even touch the fragments without destroying them…

‘Although, it’s been a while since the last one shattered…’ he realised.

Perhaps, the fact his host had tentatively agreed to work with him had somehow raised their compatibility?

In any case, he had to work fast. Shifting his own soul around, he wrapped the shards as gently as possible. Unlike before, each time he touched one, memories flashed through his mind.

The darkness of a damp cell, the taste of rotten meat, the sting of nasty wounds, the thrill of victory, the bitterness of defeat, the pride of a broken people, the pain of betrayal… It was too much, but Percy pushed it all aside. He could ask questions later – if they survived.

For now, he kept stretching all of himself, trying to use what he was, to fill in the gaps of what the spirit was missing. At some point, he’d shrouded many of the shards, hugging them gently but firmly. They anchored him here, and he hoped he’d act as a bridge between them. The result was a mixed bag. At least, the damage had stopped mounting, but his host wasn’t exactly functional. Furthermore, Percy couldn’t tap into the body’s senses either.

‘Why was it so much easier with the baby?!’

Maybe it was because the latter had lacked a will, making it more malleable, easier to meld with.

Out of options, the young man thought back to the bundle of soul mana his main body had generously bestowed him. He hadn’t used it yet. Of course, he wasn’t sure it would do anything, but it wasn’t like he’d need it if he failed anyway.

Allowing it to unravel, he felt the mana flow outwards. The substance eagerly rushed to the edges of his fragmented soul, beginning to do what it did best – repairing it. And as luck would have it, it ran into another soul in dire need of mending at those exact spots!

Like glue, it lodged itself between the cracks, bringing the souls closer together as the spirit’s memories flooded him with greater intensity. There was way too much to sift through, though Percy focused on one thing specifically as they reached equilibrium. His new pal’s name.

‘Mictlantecuhtli.’

A note from PathOfPen

Don't worry guys, you don't have to pronounce it :) Percy will call him a shorthand xD

Chapter 20 – Micky

A note from PathOfPen

CyberGene: Blood and Steel [A Slice-of-Crime LitRPG] [Daily Uploads]

Daily chapters for Rising Stars!

* * *

Upgrade. Consume. Evolve. Whether it’s cybernetics or mutations, this world demands you be more than human.

Nuclear war, a solar flare, and an alien invasion known as the MALswarm left Earth a barren husk. Then the Founders descended, steering humanity away from extinction by turning the MAL’s otherworldly powers into sources of strength. They promised a utopia and the death of the Swarm. They lied, for this alien power was the currency of the future, even if it warps the very fabric of reality - and New California is beginning to tear.

Ripley Donovick’s mother is dying, forcing him to use his cybernetics genius to operate unlicensed in a gang-owned brothel for her treatment. When a MAL’s death gives him the potential to weave metal into powerful machinery, he discovers not a way out, but the tools to unravel a world where criminals and corporations war for every thread of control.

Diana Jones was engineered to be perfect, given a family, and then stolen away from that life. Her yearning for justice pits herself as an officer in a city where crime litters every corner with serial killers, gang violence and corporate conspiracy — she’s determined to be the storm of change, shocking the true monsters into submission. Even if it means becoming one. She’ll learn justice isn’t black or white, but a blazing red.

One night binds these two, one monster gives them unimaginable strength and one name draws them towards an inevitable clash of Blood and Steel.

* * *

What happens when you mix GodClads, Cyberpunk: Edgerunners and a dash of Blade Runner into the mix? This novel. I’ve been told it feels like an edgier cyberer Super Supportive.

* * *

‘I’m not calling you that. How about Micky?’

‘Suit yourself. I doubt we’ll survive in this state for very long anyway.’

Various senses assaulted Percy, from the external ones such as the thick odours of moss and excrement, to the internal ones like his chest heaving up and down, or the cold numbness of narrowly-missed death crawling along his limbs. His body felt unfamiliar, plus he wasn’t in control. He could try taking over – if he really wanted – but he’d promised not to. Besides, their soul wouldn’t take another round of infighting.

Micky blinked as a drop landed in his eye. When he next opened it, Percy paid more attention to their surroundings. It was dark, the only source of light being the fluttering flame of a mounted torch somewhere in the distance. They were in a closed space that looked a bit like a cave, only one side covered in thick metallic bars. He recognized this place! It was the cell from Micky’s memories!

‘Is this where you live?’

‘It is. For the latter half of my life at least. And the first part of my afterlife too, it seems.’

Percy felt a pang of amusement seep through their connection. Then, his host stood up, the pain making both of them wince. That was when the young man remembered their body was a mess.

‘Fuck. Dying isn’t a joke.’

‘Tell me about it.’

Many places hurt, but none as much as a region right above their stomach. There appeared to be a gaping hole, perhaps the very wound that had claimed Micky’s life. Even the slightest shift rattled their innards, making Percy sick. It was lucky he wasn’t in charge, or they might have thrown up by now. The most annoying part was that his host clearly didn’t give a shit, stretching his legs as if everything was fine.

‘Are you sure you should be moving around so much? I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but you’re not in the best shape.’

Micky made a weird guttural sound that trailed off a bit like a cackle.

‘I’m well aware of my injuries. I was there when they happened.’

Next, he flexed his arms, shocking Percy, who just now registered they had a couple too many.

‘Must be convenient having four hands.’

‘Why? How many do you have?’

‘Just two.’

‘Huh, you wouldn’t be able to play the kik’lit.’

The image of a long flute-like instrument with dozens of holes appeared in his mind. It was wide like a trumpet on one end, though two shafts lead to it. He still couldn’t understand Micky’s language, but their link made communication convenient at least. If a bit intrusive.

‘Now what?’ Percy asked.

‘What do you mean?’

‘What do you mean “what do I mean”? Isn’t there anything you want to do with your extra time? Somebody you’d like to speak to?’

His host remained quiet for a couple moments before replying.

‘You really don’t know anything about Huehue, do you? I’m sorry if you were expecting to be a passenger on some exotic vacation. The only thing your little stunt has bought us are a couple more fights before we die again.’

‘Fights?’

Micky shook his head – a universal gesture it seemed. He didn’t bother explaining.

Returning to the spot where they’d woken up, he looked at a small puddle on the ground. The water dripping from the ceiling was mixed with blood, but Micky wasn’t deterred, scooping some with his lower-left hand before bringing it to his face.

Under other circumstances, Percy might have berated his host over his lack of hygiene. Right now, however, he was too busy gawking at the guy’s reflection, faintly visible on the surface of the murky water. For the most part, he resembled a human, even his skin colour not too dissimilar to his own – if a couple shades tanner. Though it was covered in all sorts of tribal tattoos, some depicting various celestial objects, while others showed Micky’s people in various poses.

‘Is it some kind of traditional dance?’

Not all the symbols were easy to make out, partly due to the poor lighting, and partly due to the crisscrossing scars of all shapes and sizes marring Micky’s body. His build was bulky too, his muscles toned, but Percy chalked those up to the harsh life he’d clearly lived.

There were other more glaring differences too, of course. Besides the obvious mismatch in the number of limbs, Micky’s nose and mouth were fused together into a long, pointy beak. While his eyes and scalp weren’t very different to Percy’s, his ebony hair looked a little odd, reminding the young man of the fluff he often saw in newborn birds.

His host moved again, shaking Percy out of his thoughts, as he walked to a wall before plopping down, resting his back on the coarse stone. It was cold and hard, except for a spot that felt a little grimy – a patch of moss most likely. Not the cosiest seat, though it still felt unbelievably sweet right now, considering how unpleasant standing had been.

Equally unpleasant was the terrible stench that assaulted their nostrils, which only intensified as Micky grabbed its source, bringing it to his mouth!

‘Please… for the love of all that is holy… tell me you aren’t going to eat this…’ Percy begged.

His host frowned, glancing at the ‘meal’ in confusion.

‘Why not?’

It was the half-eaten corpse of some kind of rodent, twice as large as a rat. Though it also had six limbs and its face was more flat.

‘For starters, you have a hole in your stomach. Can you even eat?’

‘It’s not IN my stomach.’ Micky rolled his eyes. ‘Besides, I’d very much like to have one more meal, even if it kills me.’

‘What’s there to LIKE?!? It’s rotten!!!’

Micky made the cackly sound again. Percy wanted to strangle him so damn much.

‘What are you, some kind of princess? Don’t tell me you only eat fresh kills where you’re from?’

The bastard didn’t even wait for a reply before pecking a chunk off the corpse. Percy hurriedly summoned his Status. He’d been itching to do that since getting here and he desperately needed a distraction from the– Yeah. He needed a distraction.

* * *

Mictlantecuhtli (Percival's clone)

* * *

‘What’s that?’ Micky asked, a bone snapping inside his beak.

Percy wanted to swear.

‘I’ll tell you if you stop eating.’

His annoying host shrugged, tossing the rest of his meal inside his mouth, chewing it a couple of times before guzzling it down.

‘There, all done.’

It took Percy over a minute to recover. His main body would have nightmares of the spoiled rat meat for years.

‘It’s my Status. Do you not have it here?’

Micky shook his head.

Percy hadn’t known it was something exclusive to Remior. Either way, he read the rest, eager to find out if there was anything of value in this place.

* * *

Mana cores:

[Mana core 1 – Yellow – ???]

[Mana core 2 – Seed – ???]

???:

[???] – Grants access to your Status.

[??? (Incomplete)] – Grants the seed of a second mana core. Requires potent life mana to germinate.

* * *

‘The fuck?’

‘What?!’

Both exclaimed at the same time.

‘Why do I have a second mana core?’

‘I’d very much like to know that myself!’ Percy said. ‘It’s something I picked up from that baby I mentioned. It followed me home, but I didn’t realize all my clones would have it too.’

‘But why is it “Incomplete”?’ Micky asked again.

Indeed, why was it? Percy would have understood had it been ‘Fractured’ instead, requiring both mind and life mana like the first time. Apparently, the former part had stuck with him for whatever reason…

‘Does it matter?’ is what he ended up saying. ‘More importantly, can you think of a source of life mana we can tap into?’

A spark of annoyance passed through their bond.

‘Do I look like I can get life mana?’ Micky gestured at his wound.

‘Good point.’

At the end of the day, they didn’t really need to awaken their second core. They wouldn’t live long enough to use it anyway. Percy was more disappointed by the lack of another of those mysterious perks he could bring back to Remior. This trip was swiftly turning into a dud.

‘At least tell me you know your mana type.’

‘Of course I do! All the natives of Huehue have a pure affinity!’ Micky replied proudly.

But the young man wasn’t impressed.

‘No wonder they were enslaved…’ he thought, before realizing his gaff. ‘Fuck. I’m sorry. That was such a shitty thing to think.’

However, his host hadn’t taken offense.

‘You’d think that, yet it wasn’t weakness that turned us into targets. It was something else.’

Percy wanted to ask, but he didn’t want to be insensitive.

‘It’s fine. I don’t mind talking about it.’

Micky seemed about to elaborate, when they heard footsteps. Percy felt a wave of disgust oozing from his host as soon as the figure stepped into their sight. He appeared to be of the same species as Micky, though he lacked the tattoos and scars, dressed in clean, expensive clothes. The guard stopped by the entrance, searching through the keys strapped to his belt.

‘Actually, scratch that. It’ll be easier to show you why my people got enslaved.’ Micky said, before adding,

‘My next fight is about to begin.’

A note from PathOfPen

Yesterday we hit Rising Stars!

I can't put into words how grateful I am to have received so much love from all of you. I was already having a blast writing this book even when I was the only one who knew it existed. Still, having actual people reading and enjoying it just hits different. So massive thanks to each and every one of you for giving it a shot! I'll do my best to keep improving and delivering the content you deserve :)

Oh, and one more thing. I know a big fight has been long overdue, so I hope you all enjoy chapter 21!

Chapter 21 – Dance

A note from PathOfPen

Reincarnated as a 'Useless' Dark Flame User [LitRPG, Reincarnation]

Basic synopsis:

Twenty-four-year-old Kuroi Yami died heroically while saving a young girl from a fire. Reincarnated in the world of Floga, he is now known as Mav Rose. Here, he discovers a power system called the Flame System, where he is granted a high affinity for the seemingly useless Dark Flame. Unbeknownst to him, this flame holds hidden power and immense potential. Join Mav as he embarks on a journey of adventure and self-discovery, unraveling the true capabilities of his unique gift.

For more information:

-Power System: The power system is pretty simple, offensive type, defensive type, healing type, enhancing type. But is that really all there is to it? Well, read it to find out!

-Usage of Power: If you've been trying to find an MC who pushes their powers to it's limits and really exploits it, then this story is for you. This also includes strategies and thinking outside the box.

-Enemy powers and power levels: I won't say too much about this to avoid spoilers, but all I'd say is that (except for the starting enemies) they are strong, and also have special abilities. Again, you can just keep reading to find out more about them!

-Power and status progression: In short, it's not only MC's power that progress but also his social status (from being poor and unknown). And him slowly influencing the world.

This fiction is heavily inspired by Japanese Isekai/Reincarnation stories, so if you like those stories, or if you like anime in general,you'll definitely like this one.

Posting schedule: MWF, 1000-1300 words, 2:15 PM (GMT +8) I intend to keep this schedule forever. As long as people are still reading my work and supporting me.

As Micky followed the guard through a long corridor, Percy was reevaluating his life choices. How had he found himself hitching a ride on a walking corpse, escorted to a fight through a dungeon? Not to mention, this place had somehow turned out even crueller than Remior. Micky might be their prisoner, but these people didn’t seem to know nor care he’d just died.

‘Surely, they could give him a day off!’

Oblivious to his thoughts, the guard soon brought them to a large barred gate, an ominous red light seeping through the gaps. Stopping, the man made some kind of whistling sound. And a few moments later, Percy heard a loud metallic noise. It was grating, like a rusty chain grinding against something hard. At the same time, the gate was slowly lifted by the mechanism.

Micky stepped through as the guard stayed behind. He walked into an open space, to the cacophony of jeers and boos, which only intensified upon their arrival. Percy’s host scanned their surroundings slowly, which he figured was done for his sake.

The stands surrounded them in all directions, stretching up for over a hundred meters. And they were filled to the brim with eager spectators, clearly itching to enjoy the barbaric event. Most of the crowd was too far to make out, but many of those closest appeared to be the same species as Micky, albeit lacking the tattoos again, like the guard.

‘Why do this to one of your own?’

His host had a visceral reaction to that thought. Percy felt phlegm accumulate in their throat, before Micky spat out the half-chewed head of the rodent, covered in thick bile.

‘Please… never do this again…’

‘Your fault! For calling this trash “my own”!’ Micky snapped back.

Then he looked up at a sky painted red, reminiscent of a sunset back on Remior. Yet here, it was the middle of the day. The local sun was at its apex, bathing Huehue in a dim crimson light. The sand blanketing the arena was red too, but a different, brownish shade. Mixed with the blood of countless combatants, it was coarse and sticky, with the occasional bony shard jutting out. Micky ignored those, as they failed to pierce his calloused feet, making his way to the centre of the arena.

‘Can you even fight like this?’

His host shrugged. Then, Percy felt the muscles in their abdomen tense, forcefully closing the injury. It hurt like a bitch, causing them to wince, though it was practical.

Next, the core in their sternum stirred, flooding their body with potent mana. Having recently acquired a pure affinity himself, the substance felt somewhat familiar to Percy. Still, it was weird coming out of his chest rather than his abdomen and at a higher grade than he was used to. Soon, it gathered on the wound, further sealing it in a film of pale cyan. It wasn’t perfect, but it would do.

“ROOOAAAR!!!”

A thunderous bellow came from the other end of the arena, as faint tremors reached their feet. And they grew more fierce over the next few seconds as another gate opened, revealing their opponent. It was a large bear-like creature, taller than Micky even on all six. Its green fur was long and curly, which might have made the creature look cute, if it hadn’t been for its curved claws and twisting horns. Its snout was wide, with sharp fangs protruding out of its mouth, making it resemble a crocodile’s maw.

Micky activated Mana Sense, letting the two examine its grade.

‘Yellow.’

Percy wasn’t happy. Beasts were generally dumber than sentient beings, but they possessed a special affinity that made up for it. Greatly strengthening their bodies with each promotion, it turned them into fierce opponents even for somebody at their grade. And that was assuming that person had a proper affinity themselves.

Micky pulled mana from his core again, this time to his hands, forging it into four short staves. He hit them together a couple of times, nodding in satisfaction as he verified their hardness. Still, that did little to assuage Percy’s worry.

It wasn’t like pure mana was completely useless. It could still form proper spells and there were people who ascended all the way to godhood with it. But it hadn’t earned its reputation as the weakest affinity by accident either. It was far less flexible than water or air, and not nearly as sturdy as earth, or as lethal as fire and lightning. Even calling it a jack-of-all-trades was an overstatement. Perhaps a jack-of-no-trades was more apt. Adding Micky’s suboptimal condition and Percy wasn’t optimistic about their odds. Not wanting to negatively affect his host, he tried to steer away from those thoughts, but they must’ve seeped through.

Micky chuckled.

‘I know what you’re thinking. And you’re not exactly wrong. Lacking any affinities, Huehue used to be one of the weakest worlds, constantly losing ground to others.’

Then, their calves tensed like steel coils, as Micky jolted towards the monster with shocking speed. He was quicker than a Yellow had any right to be, clearly having honed his body to its very limits. His technique was nothing to scoff at either, perfectly timing the swings of his upper arms to close into the beast’s head from both sides.

However, the croco-bear was no slouch either, raising a paw faster than its bulk should have allowed, slashing down violently.

Percy felt their bones creak, as the shockwave sent ripples through their skin. Bent under the tremendous weight of the claws, one of the rods was already cracked. They’d all shatter the next instant!

But Micky never gave them the chance. Having expected the parry, he stabbed forward with his lower arms, hitting the creature’s chin. The impact sent its head up by a few inches, a few bloody fangs spluttering out.

Yet, it was far from enough.

Enraged, the beast swiped with a second paw, this time slashing directly at Micky’s chest. Percy felt all four elbows bend, the mana flowing to reinforce the damaged weapon, as the rods moved to block the incoming blow.

It was even heavier than the one before, but Micky loosened his footing at the last second, letting himself slide back a dozen metres to lessen the impact. Two of the staves had still snapped in half. As the young man had thought, his host was at a severe disadvantage. He just couldn’t see a way out of this.

Micky pulled some more mana to repair the weapons but didn’t stop there. He pushed it into his channels, keeping it in his body. Then, he took a deep breath as Percy felt the strands of ambient mana enter their lungs, swirling like water down a drain. Their core had previously been at half its capacity, Micky having already exhausted much of his reserves, though it began refilling rapidly as he continued to pump mana into his pathways. At this rate, it would take less than a minute to max out!

‘My ancestors laboured over countless generations to develop a technique that made us famous in the cosmos.’

Percy’s eyes would’ve widened had he been the one in control. The beast was already charging at them, but Micky didn’t appear concerned. He continued to absorb mana as his channels swelled. Countless thin threads like veins began glowing under his skin.

As soon as the monster was upon them, Micky pivoted on his heel, narrowly avoiding being impaled by its horns. Then, he stomped hard with his other foot, all the muscles in his body bulging – somehow even more than before. The mana burned its way through their lower arms, making the weapons glow brighter as they lunged upwards.

Percy felt the beast’s ribs give way under the fierce strike, the force even lifting its giant visage an inch off the ground.

It growled again in fury, before its maw snapped shut, droplets of boiling spittle falling in all directions as the creature seethed. This time it swiped sideways with two of its paws. Or tried to, at least.

Micky’s movements were too fast for Percy to fully track, though he seemed to have struck one of its knees with a staff, stopping it before it picked up momentum. As for the second paw, he’d failed to see how his host had dodged it, as Micky tiptoed around the monster, his footwork elegant like a dance. Then, he leapt backwards, putting some distance from the disoriented beast.

‘At its highest level, the technique allows one to fight a full grade above their own.’

Only then did Percy realize their core was about to reach full capacity. With one last breath, it hit its limits. But still, Micky didn’t stop inhaling mana. The pressure was intense, making Percy fear both the core and the channels were about to burst, when the glowing lines on their skin shone even more brightly. Percy had only managed a fleeting glance, but the mana seemed to flow in certain patterns, tracing along the tribal tattoos, hinting at the order in which they were meant to be read. A few scarce motes of cyan leaked out of their body, as the rods felt hotter to the touch.

‘It made up for our shortcomings, finally letting our gods stand tall against others, giving the technique its name.’

The beast regained its bearing, glaring at them with unconcealed fury. Though it wasn’t as quick to attack this time. Instead, it was Micky who dashed forward. Before he even reached the creature, he took a few strange steps, twisting his path. The monster’s attack hit empty air as Micky delivered three swift strikes from various angles.

Every time a rod landed, a bone shattered.

Saying that Percy had a front row seat to the spectacle would be an understatement. Inside Micky’s body, he could feel every muscle flexing, every wisp of mana moving, every pivot of their feet, every sharp swing of the weapons. But even then, he could barely track a tenth of Micky’s actions.

His host wasn’t only manipulating the staves with his hands. They bounced off his elbows and even his knees, as they swished through the air erratically, stabbing and crushing and slashing at the creature from seemingly random angles. At one point, Micky even kicked the bottom of a rod with his heel, slamming the other end right onto the monster’s horn, smashing it into splinters.

Five minutes later, the beast was lying on the ground, its pained cries having softened, its breaths slowing down. It was battered, its limbs bent in all the wrong directions, countless craters tearing into its flesh.

Percy stared at the monster in horror. A short while earlier he’d been wondering how they could possibly escape its clutches, only to watch it slaughtered in such a brutal manner.

Then, Micky spoke again.

‘It’s called the Dance of the Savage Gods.’

Chapter 22 – Kik’lit

A note from PathOfPen

Starbreaker

“Born of a pyre ten thousand souls strong. When stars are right his home will die.

Hollow of heart; black hunger unending. Eater of light. Vanquishing kings.

Doom in hand; pour loose the sands of time. Ender of hope. Feller of storms.

Twinmaidens blood stains; on sorrowful soles. Fast claimed war’s domain. Glad of war. Glad of pain.

Beast eyes close for him. Vault’s gates open.

Starbreaker, thrice named.

Starbreaker, awake.”

—Prophecy of Aion Origin, date unknown

Sylvas Vail is a big fish in a small pond, the most powerful mage on his planet. But when the doors to the cosmos come crashing open and all the untold wonders and terrors of the universe come pouring in, he is left with only two options:

Ascend or die.

Expectations:

- Space Fantasy Setting

- Military Academy Setting

- Strong, Hardworking MC

- Rare Blue Boxes To Keep Details Organized

- Multiple Progression Paths

- No Harem

- Fast Paced Story & Action Pacing

This series is for you if:

- You Liked Iron Prince, Starship’s Mage, Stargazer’s War

- Want a Space Fantasy Twist To The Typical Academy/Progression Story

- Are Looking For Something Extremely Fast Paced With Satisfying Characters and Progression

Release Schedule:

12PM Eastern Time - Monday - Wednesday - Friday with every 4th week being a 'break week' with no chapters.

Next Break Week: July 22nd to 27th.

The two were back in the cell, the foul smell of blood now dominating the earthy scents of the cave.

Micky didn’t seem bothered, however, as he pecked chunks off the croco-bear’s severed leg. Being allowed to eat their kills was apparently one of the few joys afforded to the prisoners of the colosseum. Not that Percy particularly enjoyed the taste of the still-bleeding meal – he preferred his food cooked. At least this one was fresh. Surprisingly tender too. A Yellow beast’s flesh was supposed to be tougher, but his host had softened it quite a bit after that massacre of a bout.

‘So, I take it your people were attacked out of greed?’

Micky nodded.

‘Originally, our enemies only wanted our resources. Upon perfecting the Dance, my ancestors managed to turn the situation around for a few millennia, regaining some of the lost territories. But the only thing we achieved was to give our foes an even greater reason for coveting our world. Eventually, they joined forces with a few other races to conquer Huehue.’

‘But why? Does it even work with other affinities?’

Fighting above one’s grade was certainly valuable, but if it only worked with pure mana then the advantage would be offset by its weakness. In that case, it would be priceless for the people of Huehue, yet not quite as much for others.

‘Sadly, yes.’

Hearing that, Percy’s feelings were mixed. Part of him did want it to work solely with his second core, to finally make it worth it. Stumbling upon a powerful technique that only worked because of his affinity sure sounded better than one that did so despite it. But he shook those thoughts away, knowing they were silly.

‘It’s better this way. I can use it with both cores.’

The only question now was whether Micky would be willing to pass his people’s heritage to an outsider...

‘Might as well.’

Percy thought he’d heard wrong.

‘Just an hour ago you were willing to destroy your own soul to keep me out of your body.’

Micky shrugged.

‘Well, by now it’s obvious you aren’t related to our enemies. I don’t mind helping you out. It’s not like I have anything better to do either.’

‘But what’s in it for you?’

‘You’ve already given me everything I could ask for. Which isn’t much really. It’s not like I have some grand ambition. I figured it would be nice to have a couple more fights. And if I’m lucky, maybe another shot at the bastard who killed me.’

The young man was at a loss for words.

‘You’re already getting those things for free. Why put in the effort?’

Micky chuckled.

‘This is the part where you thank me and quit while you’re ahead. Are you trying to get me NOT to teach you?’

‘Well, no. Of course I’m happy to take the freebie. I just thought it’s a little too easy.’

His host sighed.

‘Percival… Had you visited Huehue 10000 years ago asking for our technique, I’m sure my ancestors would have skinned you alive… But right now, all the people I hate the most already have it. As I see it, passing it to somebody else before I die is my best chance at preserving my legacy and spiting my enemies.’

Micky coughed, Percy feeling the taste of iron accumulate in their mouth, before his host wiped something sticky off the bottom of his beak. This blood wasn’t from the food.

‘How long do you think we even have?’

‘Beats me.’

Micky shifted in his seat, the movement sending another jolt of pain through their body. Unlike before, he had to use one of his lower hands to keep the wound closed. Despite the measures he’d taken during the fight to protect it, it had still widened by about an inch. While powerful, the Dance of the Savage Gods clearly took a toll on its user.

Carelessly tossing the naked bone away, Micky pushed himself up, walking to a different corner of the cell. The dim light of the torch didn’t reach that spot, so Percy hadn’t noticed there was something here earlier. Reaching down, his host picked up a strange piece of bone, crafted into some sort of intricate tool. No, not a tool. An instrument. It looked a little like an ivory flute, but it had two shafts, way too many holes and was wide like a trumpet on one end…

‘That’s the thing you mentioned earlier! A kriki-tick!’

‘A kik’lit, but yes.’ Micky rolled his eyes. ‘My mother played one for me as a child. A few years ago, I convinced the wardens to let me craft one after winning a lot of matches in a row.’

Next, he sat down again, moving the object to his face. That’s when Percy understood that, unlike a trumpet, one was supposed to blow at the kik’lit from the wide end – the beak going inside the hole. Which frankly made sense, given the locals’ physiology.

The young man figured his host would have a tough time playing with one hand occupied, yet Micky seemed to manage just fine. If anything, he appeared quite skilled with it too, his fingers moving swiftly but gently, tapping some of the holes while brushing over others. Then, he blew a strained breath into the kik’lit, causing it to emit a soft tune. The melody was crisp and strangely uplifting, like something a mother would play for her child to cheer them up. For a second, Percy almost forgot he was still inside a corpse, trapped in a cell atop a broken world.

Yet, a second tune subtly underscored the first. A kid would have missed this one, and perhaps Percy might have too, if not for Micky’s emotions seeping through their connection. This hidden layer spoke of struggles against adversity, and of the fight for one’s place in the world. Like a people cursed without an affinity, trying to protect their home. Or a boy born with a Red core, looked down upon by all…

Micky played for hours, the mellow notes bouncing off the cold walls. Every few minutes a cough interrupted the music, each time sounding worse. Still, it always resumed soon after, as if it would be a crime to rob Huehue of even this minor consolation.

So absorbed was Percy in the melody, he nearly failed to register the warm trickle down his cheek. It slowly flowed down his face, before dripping off his chin. The tears sputtered on his chest, curving around the wound, almost caressing it. But Micky wasn’t the one crying.

Without meaning to, and for the first time since their meeting, Percy had broken his promise…

Chapter 23 – Circulation

A note from PathOfPen

-Non- Player Character

When Milton Musgrave learns that his entire existence is a lie and a powerful alien enemy has turned Earth into a fantasy game, he embarks on a journey to find his wife and take back the world that was stolen from him.

It’s a seemingly impossible quest, but with the help of an irritable AI companion, he just might have a chance.

The world is a game, and humans don’t get to play.

- Now on ALL Rising Stars! -

Light litRPG - Fantasy - Scifi

A zigzagging trail of shallow prints formed on the sticky sand. They were erratic and barely visible. Nearly soundless too. Had Percy relied on his eyes, he would have failed to track the creature. Still, the Orange orbs shimmering inside his Mana Sense made this easy.

With a horizontal movement of his upper-right arm, he slammed the rod into the critter’s side, feeling little resistance as he catapulted its body a dozen meters away. A small crater formed on the ground, as the skin of the fox-like animal regained its colour.

‘Careful, there’s another behind you.’ Micky warned.

The young man had already noticed, swinging his left to intercept it. But his movements were clumsy. The only thing he managed to hit was his own back, fumbling with the weapon as the Orange blur streaked toward his throat.

His bottom-left elbow jerked upwards at the last second, the staff’s lunge sending the beast flying. It didn’t land until a couple seconds later, the impact sending a splash of bloody sand in every direction.

The rest of the pack growled at him, but didn’t rush to attack, learning from their companions’ mistakes as they circled him cautiously.

‘It’s harder than you made it look.’ Percy said.

‘You’ll get there.’ Micky replied before chuckling. ‘Just don’t start crying again.’

Percy felt his cheeks heat up.

‘Shut up about it already! For all we know it was you!’

Then, he resumed his stance, his focus returning to his opponents. A sliver of cyan leaked out of his sternum, tracing along an arm to repair one of the rods. Micky was in charge of their core, as Percy wasn’t proficient enough with pure mana to form stable constructs. The second pair of arms too, as the young man didn’t need to learn how to use those.

‘Your technique is downright atrocious, but I suppose it would be unreasonable to expect otherwise. If you’re used to my body, we can turn things up a notch.’

Percy nodded. The Dance of the Savage Gods was a complex technique with many moving parts. Mastering each would be a time-consuming process, but a lot of them he could work on by himself. For example, training his body to withstand it was relatively straightforward. Forming the weapons too.

That said, there were some aspects he couldn’t learn without guidance. Micky pushed more mana out of their core, flooding their channels. Unlike the last time, he deliberately slowed down the process, making it easier for Percy to follow. The young man paid close attention to the specific pathways the mana was flowing in.

Normally, over 95% of a mage’s mana was contained in their core. Their channels weren’t meant for storage, but for efficiently transmitting it outside as quickly as possible. Consequently, most people only bothered to clear out the channels that began at their sternum and spread out to their extremities.

Micky’s technique was very different. It used every channel in one’s body – even the seemingly useless ones looping around pointlessly. Percy would have to clear a lot of new pathways later. Not just that, but he’d have to temper all of them, including the ones he normally used, until they could stretch more than normal. This would let him contain twice as much mana as before. The flow was also necessary, to keep the mana evenly spread out, so that he could draw on it quickly where it was required. The deep breaths too, which would constantly refill his pool, maintaining his strength.

‘Sadly, I can only teach you the first half of the art, as I never learned the rest.’

‘What?! This is only half?!?!’

This was news to Percy. Once more, he felt his muscles brimming with strength, as glowing cyan lines became visible on his skin. This much had already allowed Micky to utterly dominate a previously insurmountable opponent. Just how powerful was the full technique?!

‘From what I understand, the last step involves some direct manipulation of ambient mana outside your body. Unfortunately, you’ll have to figure it out by yourself. Still, once you master Circulation, your strength should shoot up by half a grade.’

***

They coughed again, but they didn’t bother wiping the blood off their beak this time. There was no point – they were covered all over already.

‘That’s enough. I think I’ve got the basics down.’

Micky nodded. With a sudden spin, he delivered a powerful blow on one of the remaining critters, crushing its skull. Then, gathering strength in his calves, he sprung forth like an arrow, swiftly dispatching the last one too.

Only after they were alone in the arena did he finally let go of the excess mana, falling with his back on the sand, his chest heaving up and down as the cyan lines faded from his skin. He was using both of his lower hands to keep the wound from opening more than it had to. By now, it had doubled in size and his body was much paler, having lost a ton of blood.

‘How are you holding up?’ Percy asked.

He could feel the agonizing pain of course, but he figured his host had a better understanding of his own body.

‘I think the next fight will be our last.’

Perhaps they could have made it a couple days longer if they took things slower, but they’d overexerted themselves against the invisible foxes. Normally, Micky wouldn’t have needed more than a minute to slaughter them all. The only reason he’d persisted for over an hour had been to show Percy the ropes. It wasn’t nearly enough time for him to learn the technique, but he’d at least begun to grasp the underlying concepts.

As their breath evened out, the young man noticed the crimson sun was still at its apex, having never moved from that very spot.

‘Are days really long on Huehue?’

Micky raised an eyebrow.

‘What’s a “day”?’

Percy thought he was being pranked. Still, he showed his host images of the sun setting and rising on Remior.

‘Fascinating…’ Micky said after a while. ‘Huehue always faces Tonatiuh with the same side. The warmth is barely enough for us to survive, but the back of our world is stuck in eternal darkness.’

Then he chuckled bitterly.

‘Though I suppose this side isn’t much better now.’

A few moments later, they pushed against the sand, struggling to stand up. Only then did Percy register the crowd’s boos, startled by their intensity. Evidently, their bloodthirsty audience wasn’t pleased he and Micky had dragged the fight out for so long.

‘Not entertaining enough for you, you pigs?!’ he glared.

Micky shook his head.

‘You learn to filter it out after a while in here.’

The rusty gate made a groaning sound somewhere behind them. They looked back, seeing the guards gesturing impatiently.

‘Percival… Do you mind if I do something dumb?’

For some reason, the young man felt his heart clench, but didn’t say anything. This was Micky’s life. The tiny sliver he had left. And he’d already used up much of it for his sake. Whatever he wanted to do, Percy wouldn’t stop him. Receiving a tacit agreement, Micky ignored the guards’ shouts, slowly trudging to the other side of the arena. The boos only grew louder as the injured gladiator stumbled his way to one of the walls.

Next, he looked up.

Percy examined the crowd as his host’s eyes brushed over them. There were people of all ages – men, women and children – dressed in all kinds of clothes he’d never seen before. From sleeveless shirts with silken ties, to colourful dresses that left little to the imagination, to flamboyant hats and intricate accessories… Under other circumstances, he might have appreciated the exotic fashion of Huehue’s locals. Right now, however, it wasn’t nearly enough to suppress the sheer disgust he felt towards them.

Eventually, Micky’s gaze lingered on a man somewhere in the first row. He lacked the tribal tattoos and scars – much like everyone else – but, unlike the rest, his build was muscular.

‘A fighter.’ Percy realized.

He was surrounded by a few more men like him, but Micky didn’t pay them any heed. Raising his hand, he manifested a new cyan rod before pointing it at that person. Only after getting a nod back did he let the construct crumble, his arm falling weakly by his side. Finally, he turned back towards the gate, ignoring the even louder boos buzzing in his ears.

***

The cell’s door slammed shut as the guard left with what Percy thought was the equivalent of a sneer.

‘Mind telling me what that was all about?’

Cusping a handful of water from the puddle, Micky gulped it sloppily before plopping down on the cold stone.

‘That guy in the stands… He’s Mixcoatl. The one who killed me.’

Percy’s eyes widened, but Micky wasn’t done.

‘And I’ve just challenged him to a rematch.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks again to everyone for reading! If you're enjoying the story, please consider throwing a follow or a rating - every little bit helps. Cheers :)

Chapter 24 – Mixcoatl

A note from PathOfPen

Transcendent Resurgence: Regressing on an abandoned Earth

With swords sticking out from his chest, Zyrus took his last breaths atop a broken throne.

In the year 3675, humanity was summoned to the sanctuary. In that world governed by the 'System' he had carved out a safe haven for them to survive.

He was the Void Monarch who had slain the Eternals, The Immortal beings who ruled over the sanctuary since the dawn of time.

Well, he thought he did.

Until they killed him on the day of ascension.

Zyrus sighed as memories of his life flashed by him, and the last thing he saw were the faces of the Eternals looking down on him with a mocking grin.

'I suppose they really were immortals...'

"No, they were not.”

In the final moments of his life he heard a whisper that resounded like an echo from abyss.

“So, do you want to try again?”

Zyrus looked at the black robed man who had appeared out of nowhere, and his red eyes were the last thing he saw before everything went blank.

* * *

What to expect?

-A long story with fast progression

-A non human MC that'll remain as such

-Exploration, Space travel, and Kingdom building

-Wars, and I mean a lot of 'em

Release Schedule: 3-4 Chapters/week

Note: As I've mentioned before, this'll be a long story. Aforementioned tags and plotlines might take a while to appear.

‘What’s up with those people anyway? Aren’t they also natives? Why aren’t THEY locked up in a cage?’

Percy felt his features twist into a grimace.

‘They are… They’re just too dumb to see it…’

Once more, Micky reached for the kik’lit. With a trembling grip, he moved it to his beak, exhaling a soft breath into the instrument. The sound was off tune. He tried again but his fingers shook, unable to close the holes properly. His lungs hurt with every attempt too. After a few more failures, he let his arm fall, the intricate piece of bone rolling half a circle away.

‘When it became obvious we were going to lose the war, some of our ancestors switched sides. They volunteered the technique and our resources to the enemies, helping them accelerate their conquest.’

‘So, the spectators… the guards… the wardens…?’ Percy could already guess the answer.

‘Their descendants.’ Micky nodded.

The young man pondered over the implications. This certainly explained the bad blood between the two sides. Still…

‘Why would that guy agree to a fight? Can you challenge the wardens whenever you want?’

Micky sighed.

‘There’s no official rule allowing or prohibiting it… but why wouldn’t he accept? The very reason our enemies even built these colosseums is to humiliate us… and to rub the bitter truth in our faces.’

‘What truth?’

‘That their ancestors chose right, and mine wrong.’

The two remained silent for a while. Eventually, Percy spoke again.

‘Can you beat him?’

Back in the arena, he’d caught a glimpse of Mixi-coco-whatever’s core. The guy was at Yellow – the same grade as them. Sure, Micky was injured badly… but maybe if he was more skilled…

‘Not a chance.’ Micky said. ‘He has the full technique. Even when I was healthy, he won easily. Let alone now.’

Percy was shocked.

‘Then why challenge him?! Not now, I mean. I get now. But why did you do it the first time?’

‘Same reason, really.’ Micky replied. ‘I was running out of time.’

‘What do you mean?’

Micky closed his eyes, softly tapping the back of his head against the wall.

‘I was born at Yellow. Some over 80 years ago.’

Percy raised one of their eyebrows. He didn’t know how long a year was on Huehue, but he figured that should be plenty of time for Micky to have advanced at least once, yet he hadn’t. Of course not. Who would waste precious resources on prisoners? The wardens on the other hand…

‘Mixcoatl is an Orange-born, but he’d already reached Yellow by the time he rounded us up, butchering my mother and sister right in front of me, dragging me into this shithole.’

‘…’

‘I’m so sorry Micky.’

Micky chuckled, but it sounded hollow.

‘I’m not an idiot. I knew I wasn’t his match. But I’ve heard he is close to Green now. Unless I went for it when I did, the gap would widen even further, and I’d lose my chance forever. Say what you will, but even throwing my life in the gutter was worth it if I could just land ONE good hit on that fucker’s face…’

‘Did you?’

Micky raised an eyebrow.

‘Land a hit I mean. Did you?’

‘Huh. Nope.’ Micky said, clenching his free fists. ‘He toyed with me… gave me a nasty stab and then… he had me sent here to bleed out… And you know the rest…’

Percy was at a loss for words.

‘But hey, it’s not all bad!’ Micky said, the skin by the base of his beak curling a touch upwards. ‘Thanks to you, I get to try again!’

***

They stood in the arena… for the final time. Whatever the outcome of the match, Percy knew his adventure on Huehue was about to end. The horrific wound now extended all the way to Micky’s chest, his flesh barely held together by the lower pair of arms and as much mana as he could spare. His legs wobbled. Even making it out of the long corridor had been a challenge.

Percy thought the gate in front of them might have opened, but it was hard to say for sure through their blurry vision. It wasn’t until Micky’s opponent stood just a few yards away that they could make out his mocking expression. Their only consolation was that the ringing in their skull made it impossible to hear the crowd’s jeers.

‘Percival… Whatever happens, I want you to know it was nice having somebody to talk to.’

‘Not “whatever happens”! You have to land a hit, remember?’

Micky nodded.

Both combatants took a deep breath, standing still for a couple moments. Percy felt power flood through their mana channels, though it hurt this time. Wherever it passed, muscles tore and bones creaked, as blood gushed out of their chest like a river.

Bright cyan lines lit up on their opponent’s skin as well, as the two sides summoned their weapons. Micky clenched the ill-shapen rods tightly in his free hands, one threatening to crumble already. Mixcoatl had an easier time, leisurely assuming a loose battle stance, only bothering to lift one of his four javelins to point at their throat.

Micky dashed forward.

Not that he could afford to move much, but waiting would only make things worse. The twin rods closed into Mixcoatl’s face from either side like a pincer. But the attack was too slow. Too telegraphed. Too weak. With a swirl of his javelin, the warden sliced both staves in half, kicking Micky squarely in the chest.

Multiple bones broke as his ribcage caved in. Percy felt a wet cough escape their beak as they were sent flying back, skidding and rolling, before sliding on the dirty sand over a long distance. Luckily, their core hadn’t shattered under Mixcoatl’s foot, but mana still leaked out of their pores as Micky struggled to keep the technique going.

Seeing this, the warden also allowed the glowing lines to fade away. Apparently, he deemed it unnecessary to exert the effort. Just like that, Micky had been defeated again, this time without Mixcoatl even having to resort to the full Dance!

Percy felt his soul untangle from his host’s. The makeshift patches he’d hastily fashioned out of soul mana were rapidly coming undone as his connection to Micky grew more distant. Over the last couple of days, he’d almost forgotten how precarious the condition of their soul was. Like two broken vases, joined together with spit and wishes, it was even more fragile than their physical form. The tether to his main body was already pulling him, trying to pry him out of Huehue.

‘No. Not like this.’

Micky had lived a shitty life… and he’d died an even shittier death… Percy would be damned if he let him die another!

He prodded his mana again, tightening the patches, trying to restore his connection to Micky – their connection to the battered body. It seemed to work. His buddy’s bitter thoughts seeped through him once more, as he barely managed to open their eyes in time to see Mixcoatl looming over them.

The warden’s beak moved, but Percy couldn’t register the words. Then the man lifted his foot and stomped their knee. Hard. Just like that, one of the patches Percy had fixed with so much effort instantly fizzled out, a part of Micky’s soul shattering with it.

It was pointless. Even if he clutched onto their fading life for a moment longer, the end would be the same. There was no way Micky could fight back. So, Percy stopped trying to hold on to their life. Instead, he did something crazier. He didn’t have his soul core with him, but this was still his mana. His main body had bestowed it to him to use it as he pleased. It was filled with his will.

The young man allowed many of the patches to disperse, ordering the mana to fall in line. There wasn’t much of it left. His main body had charged him up with a few refills before sending him off, but most was already gone. Some had been absorbed, trying to mend their broken souls. A lot had just leaked out or drifted away.

‘It’ll have to do.’

Mixcoatl was a full grade higher than him, but he wouldn’t see this coming. The fool had even disabled the Dance.

Commanding the mana with all his might, Percy gathered it into one of his lower hands, one of the two still keeping their organs from spilling out of the wound. The young man had spent countless hours practicing this spell, but he wasn’t happy with it. It had to be sharper. Much sharper. Tougher too. He’d only get one shot, and he REFUSED to waste it!

The warden lifted his foot again, crushing the other knee. It didn’t matter – it was already limp. Percy had already drained all the mana from their lower body, allowing half of Micky’s remaining soul to crumble away. Then, Mixcoatl switched to the arms. Luckily, he only bothered with the upper ones – the ones sprawled out on the sand by his sides – not the one Percy needed. Two seconds later, they were also shattered. With a savage glint in his eyes, the warden raised his javelin, finally done torturing his prey. He pointed the tip at their neck, ready to end this.

It was now or never.

Percy summoned as much strength as he could and flicked his hand towards the warden’s chest. His movement was slow… so slow… Mixcoatl had reacted before the young man even let go of the mana. The warden stabbed Micky’s throat with a javelin, the other three crossed in the projectile’s path. Percy wasn’t sure if the warden could see it. He should be able to – if he was using Mana Sense. Either way, his hand’s motion had betrayed the dagger’s trajectory.

But it didn’t matter.

The bastard should have dodged instead! The last thing Percy saw as his vision faded to black were Mixcoatl’s eyes glazed over, as he plopped down, deader than dead.

[Congratulations! You have mastered a new spell: Parting Gift – Crude!]

Chapter 25 – Spells

A note from PathOfPen

Asheva: A Summoner's Tale - [Book-2 Complete]

A curse for some, a blessing for others, such is the truth of eternity.

Ewan is left all alone to deal with his tragedy when his father passes away. Scarred, bruised, and smeared in cynicism, he loses all hope and only lives for the promise to his Pa. But before his all-important eighteenth birthday, he finds new information on the Ashevas that makes him dream again. Because its path promises him an eternal life. And of its ever-growing branches, Ewan embraces the Severynth—the Summoner.

Yet the road ahead is full of thorns, and he is not the only one with ambitions. Join Ewan in the world of high fantasy as he calculates his steps and threads through setbacks, the first of which is getting an Astylind. After all, what is a summoner without his beasts…

* * *

What to expect:

--Narration style is third person limited with minor POV changes to explore the plot [Change is marked by the character's name].

--Story will have status panel, but they'll start after some chapters.

--Protagonist is native to the fantasy world, this book is not a transmigration, reincarnation, isekai, etc. story.

--Pet beasts are a major part of this book.

--Romance will be OTP type [One true pairing] [No Harem].

--Story is mainly high fantasy, but there'll be some varying levels of technology in the setting.

--Protagonist will be a Beast Summoner/Tamer and pure Spellcaster subtype [Elementalist].

--There will be character growth and change, the book will have a realistic tone and approach.

--This will be a slow paced story, things will develop little by little, with a good amount of details.

The Status was a strange thing. It didn’t notify one when they identified their affinity or a bloodline. In fact, it didn’t even say a word when their grade advanced. However, there was one thing it did actively inform its user of.

Mastering a new spell.

The people of Remior weren’t sure why it worked like that. For the most part, the Status was just a tool of convenience, to help its users keep track of their progress. Still, that didn’t explain why spells got special treatment. A widely accepted hypothesis was that it was meant to guide mages into honing their magic. Letting them know when they reached a significant milestone might be a way of doing that. Classifying spells into various ranks could be another.

Either way, Percy had waited his whole life for his first Crude spell to be announced. He should have been ecstatic to see it finally happen. But he wasn’t. In fact, he couldn’t care less about that right now. His mind was preoccupied with something more important.

‘Micky!!! Can you hear me?! We did it!! That asshole is dead!! Micky!!!’

The young man’s time on Huehue had been short, but unforgettable. Despite what he’d thought at first, he’d even gained a lot. Mastering his first spell, understanding how his soul clones interacted with dying bodies, learning the fundamentals of the Dance… However, Percy would gladly give all that up to talk to his friend one last time. To tell him they’d killed the man who ruined his life. To bid him farewell.

But alas…

Their connection had been severed, his main body already ripping him out of the battered corpse.

‘No. There must be something more I can do.’

The young man felt for the fallen gladiator’s soul. There wasn’t much of it left. Just some random pieces here and there. Percy gently wrapped himself around them, enveloping and gathering them like a satchel. He couldn’t establish a link with them right now, and the last drop of soul mana had been used up in that attack. His only option was to try and take the shards back to Remior with him.

The rope on his “back” tightened, Percy’s soul stretching like a rubber band. Still, Micky’s fragments refused to budge. They were pinned in place, anchoring them both to Huehue still. Just like Percy’s soul belonged on Remior, Micky’s belonged here. As broken as it was, its world refused to let it go.

Percy felt something tearing, followed by a wave of pure agony. Pulled between two worlds, his own soul wouldn’t last long.

‘Shit! At this rate we’ll both die!’

Of course, his main body was probably going to be fine, safe as it was, back in the Avalon House’s mansion. That said, permanently losing the clone couldn’t be a good thing.

Not seeing any way of carrying all the pieces back, Percy loosened his hold on them, letting a couple of the smaller shards slip through the gaps. The dying wisps instantly shattered upon leaving his embrace. His hope was beginning to evaporate when he felt the rest of the pile fidget slightly. It was working! But it wasn’t enough.

‘Fuck, I’m sorry Micky!’

Percy left a few more fragments behind, until only a couple remained – his friend’s soul now being even tinier than his own! At least, the gamble seemed to pay off, as the young man’s desperate move tipped the scales in Remior’s favour. The persistent pull finally dislodged them both out of the four-armed corpse, plunging them into an infinite sea of darkness. The pressure on Percy’s wisp was immense, his friend’s soul feeling heavy in his grasp. Huehue might have lost the tug-of-war, but it appeared it wasn’t quite ready to give up pulling!

‘Is it even worth it?’

The young man was tempted to let go. What was the point? So little of Micky remained, he doubted it could be salvaged. But he held on. Even if the odds were abysmal, he had to try. He owed him that much…

***

Percy swung the cyan dagger against the trunk. He only managed to carve about an inch into the aged wood before the mana construct broke apart. Plopping down on the grass, he rested his back against the tree, breathing heavily. He considered refilling his core to try again, but it was dark already and he’d been at it all day. Perhaps he should resume tomorrow.

‘Man, I miss training with my soul mana.’

Using his second core wasn’t as fun. Its lower grade meant he couldn’t practice for nearly as long before running out. Furthermore, its lacking affinity made for flimsy constructs that shattered easily.

Sadly, his soul mana was still being funnelled into his injuries to keep him stable. At least, many of the smaller cracks had already closed, while the rest had shrunk significantly. It was only the massive crater in his chest that looked about the same. Or well, at least he thought it did. Had there been any improvement, it was too small to notice. At this rate, it would take years to fully heal.

‘How long until that clone is done?’

Around three weeks had passed since he activated his ability. On one hand, this wasn’t necessarily a bad thing. It meant the clone was being productive somewhere out there. Still, it did leave him a bit crippled until he returned.

He shook his head.

‘I guess I shouldn’t be impatient. Besides, practicing with my second core is something that needs to be done.’

While it wasn’t very useful right now, it would be such a waste to write it off so quickly. Especially after all the trouble he’d undergone to repair it. Standing up, he was about to head to his room, when he felt a tug at his chest. He looked down, but there was nothing.

Percy frowned, not connecting the dots until a couple moments later. Actively gathering enough mana for Soul Vision took a while longer, but he got there. Normally, the thread linking him to his clone was invisible even in his augmented sight.

However, he could clearly see his soul trembling in unrest as the ethereal cord vibrated. The pull itself wasn’t much stronger than it had been just an hour ago. The attraction had been steadily rising over the past three weeks. Still, this was the first time he sensed the connection shaking, as if it was attached to a boat sailing in a storm.

‘It’s happening! It’s coming back!’

Percy was over the moon. Closing his eyes, he took a few deep breaths, manually gathering some soul mana. It was hard, as his injuries fought to drain it, but he persisted, hoping to fill his core up by the time the clone returned. Naturally, he hadn’t a clue how long it would take, or even what state the clone would be in. That said, he guessed it might be handy to have some soul mana available, just in case.

***

A good idea, it turned out to be. The clone hadn’t returned right away. Percy had to wait a few hours, even after refilling the core. Annoyingly, he had to keep meditating to keep the mana in.

‘Should I just call it a night?’

It was tempting. For all he knew, the clone might not arrive until tomorrow. Right when he was seriously considering heading to his room, he felt a powerful impact slam onto his soul, a potent wave of vertigo nearly knocking him off his feet. At the same time, a flood of memories invaded his mind, one after another.

A dark expanse, a sea of souls, a fight over a body, a damp cell, a blood-stained arena, an ancient dance, a heart-felt melody, a bitter story, an unlikely victory, a painful death… There was plenty to sift through, but Percy brushed all of it aside, focusing on what mattered.

‘Micky!’

Activating Soul Vision, he fought against the nausea to check his friend’s condition. Upon tapping into his core, a lot more soul mana gushed out than he’d intended. Only a trickle flowed to his eyes, the rest pouring into his chest by itself, trying to attach the new chunk back to the rest of his soul. But Percy pressed it back into his core, suppressing his body’s instincts. He might need every last drop to save his friend!

Examining his chest, he found three separate entities at play. One was the main part of his soul, still with a large crater right around his sternum. However, this hole was no longer empty. Inside, there was another piece, about the size of a grapefruit, already stuck to the larger section in a few spots. Finally, inside the ball representing his clone, there was a third soul – a foreign one. There wasn’t much left, and the pieces were swiftly being assimilated.

‘Crap! I’m going to kill him if this goes on!’

Back on Huehue, the two had been at an equilibrium. Both souls had been fragmented, though Percy’s had his ability to back him up, while Micky’s had quantity and the home advantage. Right now, however, they were in Percy’s body, his soul being much healthier and – for the most part – intact. Sporting an overwhelming advantage, the young man watched his own soul gnaw at the last shards of Micky’s, causing it to shrink at an alarming rate.

‘I need to move him elsewhere.’

It was easier said than done. Percy had already learned that healthy souls tended to reject others. What he needed was a dying body. He looked around with his Soul Vision still on, though he was alone in the garden.

‘Please! I must find somebody! Fast!’

Grasping for any idea he could think of, he forced more soul mana into his eyes. He’d never tried this before, but it should work. His soul constructs could phase through walls, so perhaps he could see through them too, right? His guess seemed to be on point, as a few wisps of silver became visible from somewhere inside the mansion.

Then, he slapped his forehead. That was such a dumb idea. He could scan his house all he wanted, but what were the odds he’d find somebody dying right now? Nobody was on their deathbed as far as he knew! Of course, he wasn’t very close to any of them, but he’d have heard something like that. Plus, even on the off chance he found one, what was he going to tell the others?

‘I’m sorry everyone. I know uncle Balin is dying and everyone is knee-deep in tears, but can I borrow his body real quick to shove an ALIEN inside? It’ll only take a moment!’

Finding a human body for Micky was obviously out of the question. Examining his surroundings again, he inspected the critters scurrying about on the grass. Shoving his friend’s soul inside a caterpillar would be such a crappy move, but it was all he could think of.

‘Better than a plant at least.’

And he did find a few candidates. The training grounds were teeming with ants, worms, ladybugs, butterflies, snails and all sorts of other not-so-great options. Not many of them were on the verge of death, but that could easily be arranged. The question was whether he could do better.

Five minutes later, Percy noted he was running out of time. Micky’s soul was dissolving into his own, like an ice cube dropped in a cup of tea. The largest body he’d found was a praying mantis. It was healthy, so injuring it just enough would be a little tricky, yet it sounded like his best option at this point.

He was about to go for it, when a stroke of inspiration led him to toss one last glance at the tree. There! A faint wisp of silver flickered somewhere atop its naked crown. It was weak, but the young man had a hunch it was worth looking into. Climbing up was a challenge considering his splitting headache and the lack of purchase on the trunk, but he made it there eventually – after an embarrassing fall or two.

Reaching the top, he spotted an old bird’s nest. It was abandoned. Its owner had either died or forgotten about it. Still, it wasn’t empty. Percy counted six eggs, five of them already dead. In fact, three of those were already cracked and hollow. But the last one wasn’t fully gone yet!

‘Good enough.’

Percy didn’t exactly know what he was doing. It had taken him ages to figure out how to craft that clone in the first place. Bringing Micky’s soul back to Remior had also been a fluke. Still, he had to try.

Stirring his bloodline again, he skipped the whole procedure. He didn’t have the time to slowly grow and carve out a proper clone. Luckily, he didn’t need to. The last one had just returned, so the grapefruit-sized ball was only loosely attached to its surroundings. The ghostly claw hungrily pounced upon it, snapping it violently from the rest, twisting his and, most importantly, Micky’s souls into one before shooting out of his chest again.

This time, Percy was ready for it, having angled his sternum just above the egg. With the last trace of lucidity, he fell backwards, unwilling to crush the nest under his body as he passed out. He didn’t know if he had succeeded, or what the repercussions of his reckless move would be, but he’d done his best...

[Congratulations! You have mastered a new spell: Secret Art: Familiar – Crude!]

Chapter 26 – Secret Arts

A note from PathOfPen

Broken Anomaly

"We’re the odd ones."

This was the one sentence that stuck with Eric as he and his friends took a moment to relax after having cleared an incursion that appeared near their settlement.

In the few days since Earth was integrated into the System, Eric and his friends have already proven themselves as worthy inhabitants of their new world. They faced off against an outer god, defeated monsters specially designed to help take over worlds and an even greater foe, governance, or a dumbed down version of it at least.

Follow as Eric discovers secrets about the System and cripples himself in more ways than one, yet is always rewarded—in ways that seem too much or too little. Watch as his friends have to make up for what he lacks using their own strengths and secrets. All while the System carefully maintains a balance that isn't always obvious at first.

Schedule: Mon - Wed - Fri

Average chapter length: 2000 - 2500 words

This is a rerelease of my first and only work, The First Vanguard (now deleted). I decided to remove it because I considered it to be too rushed and full of things I ultimately didn't like. The pace I set for myself before led to a story that I wasn't satisfied with, so this time around, I'm taking my time to craft a story that I truly enjoy.

If you wish to support me: Patreon

20 chapters ahead!

Percy opened his eyes, a flash blinding him. It soon died down into a mix of colours, but still too blurry to make out much. The off-white of his bedroom wall was predominant, although there was something else by his side. It looked like the silhouette of a person. Or maybe just a piece of furniture.

“…”

He thought he heard them say something. It was muffled, as if they were underwater.

“…”

The furniture-person tried a few more times – with some minor permutations – but Percy still couldn’t understand them. Soon, they gave up, disappearing from his sight. His eyes fell shut again…

***

Once more, he faced what he thought was his wall, this time with two silhouettes surrounding him.

“…”

“…”

They made more sounds, the first one chirping at a higher pitch than the second. Percy tried to shift but found himself unable to even twitch his fingers.

“…”

“…”

The silhouettes kept speaking to him – at least, that’s what he assumed was happening. However, he just couldn’t filter them out of the buzz. Tired as he was, he wanted to doze off again, though he forced himself to stay awake.

One of the blurs moved, enlarging in his vision. They tugged his chin, the touch prickling him as if he’d been stabbed by needles, before pulling his mouth open. Then, something bland and lukewarm flowed down his throat. It left an aftertaste akin to chicken soup, but it was muted like the rest of his senses. It stopped after a while as they let go of him.

The two remained with him, chatting every now and then. It took a while, yet he noticed the figures had grown a bit more defined at some point. One of them – the one with the chirpy voice – was aquamarine near the top. He recognized it. Her.

‘…Elaine…’

Percy tried muttering her name, but he couldn’t even open his mouth without assistance. As for the other blur? Well, the only candidates would be Gawain or Archibald, though he wasn’t sure who.

‘What happened?’

Digging through his memories, he tried to recall how he ended up in this state. He remembered training. Lots of training. Practicing with his pure mana hadn’t been very pleasant, but it was all he’d been able to do while waiting for something…

‘Right, the clone.’

He was in the garden when it returned and then…

Pain.

Nausea.

Panic.

Frustration.

Desperation.

The clone brought something with it. Something important.

‘No, not something. Someone.’

He tried to help them. Percy remembered looking around for something. A vessel to place them in. To place Micky in.

Right.

‘Micky.’

A gladiator. A teacher. His teacher. His friend.

He couldn’t find a suitable body… until he did.

Percy climbed a tree, and then…

‘The egg!’

The memories sobered him up. His vision was still blurry, but he understood now. He remembered. Once more, he tried to speak, but his mouth refused to budge. He willed his body to move. Any part of it. He needed to get Elaine’s attention. To ask her what happened to Micky. His finger twitched. Soon, the silhouettes shifted too. They must have noticed.

“…Percy… ok?”

This time, he caught a couple words. It wasn’t much but it was a start. Then, he felt his strength leaving him again.

‘No. I have to tell them first.’

Talking seemed impossible. His mouth wouldn’t open – Percy took his time bludgeoning it into shape. Pushing the air out of his lungs wasn’t much easier. He wouldn’t get many words out, so he had to choose them carefully. Just two of them. They’d have to do.

“…care… egg…”

Only after he was certain he saw Elaine nod did he allow himself to pass out again.

***

It took a few more sessions like that until he could properly communicate with his cousin and grandpa. They appeared relieved he’d woken up, but also quite pissed off at him.

Percy didn’t blame them. He’d gone to great lengths to learn how to use his bloodline safely, yet he’d tossed all that out of the window by activating it for the second time, not even letting his soul recover first. Right now, he couldn’t even examine it, as he was unable to gather a sliver of soul mana. But that was probably for the best. He’d been unconscious for a whopping three weeks this time, and was still bedridden now, after waking up.

Still, he told his relatives of his time on Huehue – of the circumstances that had led him to do something so reckless. In fact, he and baldy even brought Elaine up to speed on his second core, not seeing much reason to keep it from her.

“Is the egg alright?” he asked.

Baldy gestured to his granddaughter to bring something, before speaking.

“Percy… I found you unconscious in front of a bird nest. Naturally, I assumed those eggs were important to you, even before you told us.”

His cousin walked to a corner of the room, picking a small object up before returning. Resting atop her hands was a nest made of dried branches, filled with broken eggs and discarded shells… and… something else. There was a tiny creature, sleeping soundly in the middle of the nest. A black chick small enough to fit in his palm.

“This little guy hatched just a couple of days after you passed out. We took care of him ever since. The rest we kept just in case.” she explained.

Percy nodded, gently picking the bird up.

‘Was this a mistake?’

He didn’t know if there was anything left of his friend in the creature. Even if Micky was in there, would he appreciate being shoved inside a newborn critter on a distant world?

‘It doesn’t matter.’ Percy shook his head.

This wasn’t the time for regrets. What was done was done. His priority right now was to make sure it survived. The rest, he could figure out later.

“Doesn’t look like it’s in great shape.” he said.

Even after being picked up, it remained asleep. Its breaths were soft and laboured.

“It was better when it hatched, but it’s been getting worse. We’ve been feeding it insects. It improves for a while every time it eats, but it never lasts long.” baldy explained.

“Waking it up is getting harder. The last time I managed was two days ago.” his cousin added.

Percy furrowed his brow. He wasn’t sure where the problem lied. It might be due to its body, as the egg had been abandoned for who-knew how long. It should’ve been on the verge of death too, otherwise it wouldn’t have accepted the soul. Then again, its soul was probably in a sorry state as well. Perhaps even worse than his own. After all, it was a patchwork of three different existences. The bird’s, Micky’s and his. And each had been through hell and back by the time they mixed inside the egg.

‘I wish I could use Soul Vision.’

It was still impossible to accumulate more than a wisp of mana in his sternum before it got drained. Percy had no idea how long this would last. Perhaps, he’d crippled himself for life…

The only thing that might shed some light in this situation was his Status.

* * *

Percival Avalon

Mana cores:

[Mana core 1 – Orange – Soul]

[Mana core 2 – Red – Pure]

Bloodline:

[Clone] – Create a copy of yourself. Effect varies by affinity.

Spells:

[Parting Gift – Crude]

[Secret Art: Familiar – Crude]

???:

[???] – Grants access to your Status.

[???] – Grants a bloodline.

[???] – Grants a second mana core.

* * *

The only thing that had changed was the new section listing his spells. Percy had nearly forgotten about it. All his efforts in honing his soul constructs coupled with his desperation had culminated in the deadly strike he’d killed Mixcoatl with. Though he’d been too busy at the time to celebrate. It was the presence of a second spell that surprised him, however. This one, he didn’t remember being notified about. Still, it should have happened when he pushed Micky’s soul into the egg. Nothing else made sense.

“Grandpa, what’s a ‘Secret Art’?”

Baldy raised an eyebrow.

“Have you created one?”

Percy nodded, telling them of the new additions to his Status. Elaine listened too, clearly interested as well.

“I see. Well… simply put, a Secret Art is like a regular spell. The only difference is that it also involves your bloodline.”

The young man had suspected it was something along those lines. Strictly speaking, what he’d done with the egg wasn’t very different from creating a regular clone.

‘Come to think of it, I do feel a connection to Micky!’

It was the same kind of sensation his clones and main body experienced, linking them to one another. Though he couldn’t observe his soul right now, he didn’t need to. Allowing his thoughts to sink into the cord, Percy’s eyes widened as a new Status page manifested in his vision.

* * *

Mictlantecuhtli (Percival's familiar)

* * *

Chapter 27 – Beast affinity

A note from PathOfPen

Johnathan 'Tilly' Tillman almost makes it through his last shift at the station when he catches a fire call that changes everything.

He will have to keep his wits sharp and his axes sharper to stay one step ahead, as he is thrust into a crumbling empire full of monsters and magic.

Thankfully, a little well-applied fire can solve most problems - and Tilly knows fire.

> Weak to Strong MC

> Character Driven

> Firefighter Isekai written by an actual Firefighter.

> Unique Build, Front Line Fighter

* * *

Release schedule: Monday and Thursday

* * *

Mictlantecuhtli (Percival's familiar)

Mana cores:

[Mana core 1 – Red – Beast]

[Mana core 2 – Seed – ???]

???:

[??? (Fractured)] – Grants the seed of a second mana core. Requires potent life and mind mana to germinate.

* * *

There was a lot to unpack there.

Seeing the familiar had inherited his friend’s name gave him some relief. With any luck, it meant Micky was indeed buried somewhere inside the bird. Well, it was also possible it meant nothing. Perhaps the Status had simply picked that name out of convenience, as that was how Percy thought of the creature.

‘Hopefully it’s the former.’

Another thing that caught his eye was how his prolific second core had spread out once more. Though it was back to Fractured again – for some reason. By now, he was pretty sure this thing was glued to his soul. After all, his soul was the only thing he’d brought back from the Moirai.

However, it seemed to have more components to it as well. Perhaps one rooted in his body and one in his mind, explaining the two other types of mana needed to repair it. Once he had, his mind followed his soul to Huehue, which was why his clone had only lacked the life part. But now, his mind didn’t seem to be present in the familiar, downgrading it by another step.

‘In any case, this is a project for the future.’

The next thing he noted was that the mysterious section with the question marks was missing two of the usual culprits. It wasn’t that strange the small critter didn’t have a bloodline, but Percy was surprised it didn’t have a Status either.

‘Then how am I reading it right now?’

The only answer he could come up with was that Micky’s Status was currently just an extension of his own, which he could view through their connection.

“Well? Any idea what’s wrong with it?” baldy asked, snapping him out of his thoughts.

Percy shook his head. There wasn’t enough information to identify the problem. That said, he did have an idea on how to solve it.

“Have you tried feeding it anything bigger than insects?”

“It’s a newborn chick! What else could it eat?” Elaine asked back.

“He doesn’t mean the meat. Just the cores.” baldy explained to his granddaughter before turning to Percy. “It has the beast affinity I imagine?”

The young man nodded. They wouldn’t be needing any tests to confirm that. Every non-sentient animal in the universe had the beast affinity by default. Beast mana was unique in that it couldn’t normally leave one’s body, rendering its owners incapable of casting spells. However, that didn’t make it weak. In fact, it was the opposite. It had the unique property of strengthening its users to such an extent they could compete against mages of the same grade with nothing but brute force.

And this was just the start. This affinity gave animals another colossal advantage that made sentient races envy them greatly. They could advance naturally, without having to resort to things like expensive elixirs. Beast mana was great at consuming and assimilating other mana types, which meant its users could evolve extremely quickly simply by hunting and devouring others.

Had it not been for their general lack of intelligence, beasts might have become the dominant force in the cosmos. Well, there was also the fact that each promotion required a ton of food, which wasn’t exactly sustainable. For example, merely to advance from Red to Orange required the consumption of hundreds of Red cores. This made Blue and Violet beasts extremely rare. As for White? Percy doubted there were any on Remior.

Still, the young man didn’t care about Micky’s bright future prospects right now. Hearing the bird improved whenever it ate made him think better quality food might be the answer. After all, insects had Brown cores – a special grade below even Red. It was exclusive to them, as larger creatures couldn’t survive with something that weak. Perhaps what Micky needed were a few Red cores…

“It’s not like I haven’t considered it. Though I don’t think the issue is a lack of mana.” baldy said. “But we can give it a shot if you want.”

Percy insisted. He didn’t necessarily disagree with his grandpa’s assessment, yet it wasn’t like they had a better option.

***

Elaine opened the door, entering Percy’s room.

Suspended above her hand was a bubble of water, with something squirming inside. It was a mouse, clawing desperately to escape its liquid prison. Unfortunately for it, its efforts weren’t going to bear fruit today. Still, Elaine had made sure its head was above the surface, to avoid drowning the animal a minute too soon. It had taken her a couple of hours to procure Micky’s meal. The Avalon House had no shortage of meat, but mana cores tended to crumble away and dissipate shortly after one’s death. They needed a fresh kill for the bird.

“I’m sorry it took a while. I had to search the fields for ages to find one.”

A powerful Green cored mage could naturally capture vermin rather easily, but that was precisely why there weren’t any inside the mansion.

“Come on buddy. You need to eat.” the young man said.

Percy had been told it was getting harder to wake the bird up, but he hoped to get through to it via their connection. Focusing on the ethereal cord as he gently spoke to his friend seemed to work after a few attempts. The chick moved its head groggily. It needed help standing up.

Elaine lowered the glowing bubble into Percy’s other palm as the young man brought his hands together. The girl tightened the sphere, snuffing the life out of the mouse, closing her eyes in the process. Percy knew she didn’t like doing it, which only made him appreciate her help more. Then, she pulled the mana away from the rodent, tossing the splash of water aside as the tiny corpse landed in front of Micky.

Percy rolled the body over with his thumb, pointing at the animal’s sternum. After some more prodding, the bird finally pecked at it, causing Elaine to look away again. Even Percy wrinkled his nose in disgust, though he didn’t avert his gaze. Instead, he activated Mana Sense, unwilling to miss anything important. With his sixth sense, he followed the orb of Red as it rolled down the bird’s throat, swiftly dissolving in its stomach. A gush of mana soon flowed through Micky’s body, causing him to perk up before resuming his meal with more vigour.

“It does seem to do something.” baldy said.

Percy nodded, still observing his friend, relieved to see his condition improve however briefly. He and Archibald kept watching the bird, both raising their eyebrows as it continued getting better with each peck. Micky couldn’t possibly eat more than a third of the carcass in one sitting and, even then, it would take him a while to finish. Naturally, each bite was no larger than a grain of rice, yet – for some reason – the mana never stopped spreading out of the familiar’s stomach.

“What’s going on?” Percy asked. “Most of the mana should’ve been inside the mouse’s core. Where’s the rest coming from?”

His grandpa appeared just as perplexed as he was. Each bite gave Micky less mana than that first one, but still not nearly as little as they would have expected. Meanwhile, the bird’s mood greatly improved, as the familiar pecked more and more frequently, like his life depended on it.

‘Don’t tell me?!’ Percy’s eyes widened as he harboured a guess.

It was only a couple minutes later that Micky’s condition stopped improving. The bird was still eating gluttonously, but the meat had stopped releasing mana at some point.

“We’re going to need more mice.” Percy said, flashing his cousin a sheepish grin.

***

“Please tell me this is the last time I’m doing this.” Elaine spoke with a grimace.

Percy scarcely registered his cousin’s words, his attention focused on the floor. There, Micky was skidding around happily, having already finished eating another two mice, currently heading towards the third.

Well, ‘finished’ might not be the best word, as the bird seemed to grow disinterested in each carcass after a minute or two, consuming less than a tenth of the meat. Only after his third victim stopped providing him any mana did Micky pause. This time, he wasn’t in a rush to reach the next one either.

“I think he’s full.” baldy said.

“Micky, I know you’re stuffed, but can you keep going? Just one more.” the young man pleaded through their connection.

The bird tilted its head in confusion. Percy wasn’t sure if it had understood his instructions. Maybe it just didn’t get why it had to continue eating when it wasn’t hungry. Still, it listened after a moment, walking to the fourth mouse. Though its steps were clearly a touch less eager than earlier.

Like before, some mana was soon released inside Micky’s stomach, flowing through his channels, filling his body. Unlike before, however, the bird’s frame was already saturated, rendering it unable to absorb any more. The familiar looked unwell, as if he was about to be sick, having no outlet for the excess. The Red glow rose up his throat and towards his beak, about to spill out, when Micky stubbornly held it in, unwilling to throw up his food. Yet more mana manifested in his stomach, mounting up the pressure, making Percy stare at his friend in alarm.

“That’s enough. Just let it g–”

The young man was about to stop him, when something strange made him swallow his words. For seemingly no reason, a chunk of the excess mana instantly vanished from Micky’s body, as a subtle flow trickled through their connection.

It wasn’t much, but Percy recognized it, his eyes widening.

‘Soul mana!’

Chapter 28 – A peculiar diet

A note from PathOfPen

DIE. RESPAWN. REPEAT.

Every time he dies, Ethan Hill gains a little more power.

Earth was chosen for Integration, but Ethan knows from the second his Trial begins that the Integration is a lie. These creatures giving Earth the 'honor' of access to their Interface want something from Earth - he just doesn't know what.

Now he's trapped on an alien planet and lost in a time loop, fighting for strength and for his own humanity.

One thing's for sure: He'll die as many times as it takes to tear it all down.

Updates 3x a week on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday.

There was no mistaking it. The excess mana spilling out of Micky was soul mana!

They hadn’t been able to identify it earlier because Mana Sense couldn’t differentiate between various affinities. The only thing that determined its appearance in that case was purity and density – in other words, its grade. That was why everything had appeared Red previously. Only with Soul Vision could Percy have noticed the difference…

‘Right, Soul Vision!’

The young man tried to tap into the trickle sent over by his familiar, to direct it to his eyes, but his broken soul quickly snatched it too.

“Keep going, Micky! Eat!!”

He did catch the strange looks Elaine and baldy gave him, but he didn’t say anything. He could explain later. Heeding his request, the bird dove back into the mouse’s flesh, as Percy took a deep breath. And then another, trying to refill his first core. The mana regenerated slowly at first, but soon another stream flowed through the cord, Micky having discovered how to relieve himself of the excess pressure already.

It took all of Percy’s willpower to gather enough in his eyes, but he managed to augment his sight at last. As soon as Soul Vision activated, he tossed a quick glance down his own soul. Saying it was a mess wouldn’t do it justice. The crater in his chest had greatly expanded. As for the rest, it almost resembled minced meat, held together by numerous thin threads.

‘No wonder I can barely even stand.’

He shook his head. The priority right now was to figure out what Micky was doing. Turning to his familiar, he saw his soul wasn’t much better. It was made of three distinct pieces that had been hastily twisted together like a yarn ball. At least, his body was filled to the brim with soul mana, which constantly latched onto the damaged soul to mend it. Of course, it would take ages for it to be fully repaired at this pace, but this was promising.

Next, his attention shifted to Micky’s beak. His soul was gathered there, sharpening the edges, making them glint in Percy’s Soul Vision. It reminded the young man of the daggers he constructed with his soul mana. Every time the bird pecked at the dying embers of the mouse’s soul, a chunk of glowing silver slid down its throat along with the flesh, dissolving into soul mana in its stomach. The sight of the hatchling gleefully devouring another’s soul as if it was little more than kibble sent a chill down Percy’s spine.

‘Wow. How is he even doing this?’

His best guess was that Micky’s nature as a familiar had bled into his instincts as a beast, giving rise to this frightening ability. Either way, Percy knew at this moment that this would be the key to repairing both of their souls.

***

“I’m going to throw him!” Percy yelled.

He was sitting on a branch, holding a bird with both hands. The bird was naturally Micky, who had grown twice as large as before, his feathers a slick black, absorbing the sunlight like uncut onyx.

“Go for it! I’ve got him!” Elaine replied.

She stood below him, an azure net fluttering in the air in front of her. Rather than rope, it seemed to be made of numerous interlocking streams of glowing water. Upon receiving a positive reply, the young man tossed the bird up. It fell rapidly, sending waves of panic through their connection.

CAW!

‘You’ve got this!’ Percy sent back.

Betrayed by its only family, the bird had no option but to frantically flap its wings in a desperate attempt to right itself.

At first, its movements were clumsy. Still, just a couple of feet before hitting the net, its speed seemed to slow, as its direction shifted slightly, letting it glide over the net, landing softly on the ground a few metres away.

CAW! CAW!

Percy smiled as he saw his companion turn back his direction, giving him what was probably intended as a furious glare. Still, he could tell through their link the cute look contained more pride than anger.

‘Show off.’

It had been a month since they discovered Micky’s ability.

For the first week, Percy had relied on his cousin to bring food for the bird, as he had personally been too weak to walk. A dozen meals later, however, both their conditions had improved significantly. By then, Percy was able to move around on his own, allowing him to take care of his friend by himself.

Every morning since then, Percy went on a stroll a couple miles away from the mansion, with Micky perched on his shoulder. The young man used those opportunities to stretch his legs, while simultaneously setting all sorts of mouse traps and rabbit snares in the surrounding fields, collecting the previous day’s haul in the process. Then, he fed his familiar for an hour or two, as they both used the influx of soul mana to hasten their recovery.

“We should head back. Grandpa is waiting for us.” Elaine said.

Percy nodded. Today was the day he’d been looking forward to for a while now. He’d finally recovered enough to add another important item to his daily routine.

The two returned to Archibald’s office where they found their grandpa dressed in training robes. He gestured them to follow him, as he led the teenagers to a spacious room somewhere inside the mansion. They had chosen this location over the outdoors training grounds as privacy was paramount for what they planned to do.

Next, both baldy and Elaine looked at Percy expectantly. After all, he was going to be their teacher during these sessions. The young man cleared his throat, assuming the role of a sagely scholar as his relatives rolled their eyes.

“So, the first thing we need to do is straightforward strength training to push our bodies to their limits.”

Without waiting for them, he dropped to the floor, beginning a set of push ups. Baldy and Elaine didn’t say anything, joining him just a moment later. Of course, a simple workout wasn’t nearly demanding enough for the powerful mages.

To truly challenge themselves and benefit from the training, each of them had strapped weights all over their bodies, raising the intensity of the exercises sharply. Obviously, baldy’s were by far the heaviest, as he lifted a couple tons with each repetition. Even Elaine’s were no joke at a couple hundred kilos. Meanwhile, Percy’s were much more modest by comparison.

Either way, if it hadn’t been for the numerous runes glowing on the floor, he was sure the wooden planks would have collapsed under the pressure, the commotion drawing the attention of the rest of his family. A lot of silencing wards covered the walls too.

About an hour later, all three were lying on their backs, breathing heavily, their bodies drenched with sweat. Naturally, the trio were here to practice the Dance of the Savage Gods – or at least the parts that Micky had been able to show him back on Huehue.

Percy could have kept the powerful art to himself of course, but there were many reasons why he’d chosen to share it. Firstly, both Elaine and Archibald had done a lot for him, so he’d decided to bring something back for them even before sending out that clone.

Secondly, as much as Percy wished he were strong enough to survive on Remior on his own, he understood he currently had no choice but to hide under his House’s insignia. For the time being, his safety hinged entirely on baldy’s ability to defend their family from their enemies. Consequently, helping his grandpa grow stronger would benefit them all.

Finally, Percy actually needed his grandpa’s help once again, to practice the technique more efficiently.

“Ready to resume?” the young man asked.

Physical training essentially involved breaking down and repairing one’s muscles. Humans could only exercise for a few hours per day, lest they injured themselves, doing more harm than good. At least, that was the case if one didn’t have a grandpa with a life affinity and a Violet core healing them.

“Alright.” baldy said.

The young man felt an intense pressure radiating out of his grandpa’s core, as a wave of vibrant green flashed through the room. A few seconds later, his muscles stopped burning, his stamina having fully recovered. He didn’t even hesitate before restarting his workout anew.

It was tough, of course, but the memory of the wounded gladiator’s savage dance kept him going…

Chapter 29 – Mana channels

A note from PathOfPen

Runeblade: A Delving LitRPG Survival Adventure

Kaius just wanted to unlock his class - instead, he restarted the apocalypse.

After years of training, Kaius has barely acquired the first two of his family's legacy skills. Powerful and vanishingly rare, the method of creating them is a secret people would kill for.

Now they might be the only thing that keeps him alive. Narrowly surviving a bandit ambush, he gets trapped in the Great Depths- a world spanning dungeon.

To escape, he will have to slay one of the Guardians that defend the exits; a feat no one without a class has survived. Ever.

If that wasn’t bad enough, if he succeeds, he will reignite a forgotten trial that nearly ended civilization.

* * *

Posting Schedule: 5x/week M-F, 9:30 am NZT (2:30 pm PST)

Launch Schedule: 10ch dump on launch, 2/day for the first two weeks, bonus chapters for RS

* * *

-Runic-Tattoo Wizard/Spellblade in a world of sorcerers

-Exceptional MC, with some initial Slow Burn elements

-Large scope, inspired by epics such as Azarinth Healer, BTDEM, PH, and more.

-Third Person POV, with a 99% MC focus

-Numbers go brrrr

-Attack Badger (Friendly?)

-Battle maniac MC who is not a murderhobo

-No harem, romance, or VR

“Please tell me we’re done for today.” Elaine groaned.

The trio were sitting on the floor, baldy having already healed them for the dozenth time that day.

“We might as well stop here. I can help us recover again but we still need to eat properly to build muscle.” Archibald said.

Elaine didn’t even wait for the second part before waving her hand, manifesting three bubbles of water in the air. Each was about twice the size of a watermelon. They flew over their heads as she let go, the blobs soon splashing on their bodies.

Sniffing a couple of times, she scrunched up her nose.

“Remind me to bring soap tomorrow.” she said, already pushing herself up.

“Is there anything else we need to be doing?” baldy asked.

“Yes.” Percy nodded. “Try to spend a couple hours every night clearing your mana channels.”

“Any specific ones?”

“Nope. We need all of them. Only after our bodies have stopped improving and all our channels are cleared and tempered to their limit can we move to the next step.”

The others nodded in agreement. Percy had already explained the details of the technique before, so nobody felt like complaining. They all understood what a bargain they had struck.

As Percy was about to leave the room, he crouched to pick Micky up from the floor. The bird gave them strange looks after spending all day watching them train. The young man had brought the familiar along as he wasn’t comfortable leaving him alone just yet.

“You’re the one who taught me this stuff, buddy. I promise I’ll do everything I can to help you remember it one day.”

***

Percy was resting on his bed, looking up at the ceiling. It felt nice his training was finally back on track. His reckless move with Micky had cost him a lot of time, though he didn’t regret it.

‘I’d do it all again.’ he thought as he looked at the bird sleeping soundly on a cushion, in a corner of the room.

Even if Percy put his friend’s wellbeing aside and looked at everything from a pragmatic perspective, his gamble would probably pay off in the long term. Micky’s potential was difficult to quantify. Right now, he was young and his core only at Red but, with a beast affinity, he would outgrow Percy in no time. The young man wouldn’t be surprised if his familiar became his secret weapon at some point.

Sure, his stunt had set him back by a few months, as he’d been unable to begin practicing the Dance before now. Not just that, but his soul core was still out of order. He couldn’t use it, or even feed it elixirs and it would be a while until he could send out another clone. But, all things considered, the benefits probably outweighed the costs.

‘I guess teaching him how to hunt by himself should be one of my priorities.’

Right now, Percy had to spend a few hours each morning helping the bird out. It was terribly inefficient as they only moved as fast as he could walk, and his traps only caught a handful of meals each day. If Micky could fly around looking for food by himself, he would probably do much better. It would not only accelerate their souls’ recovery but also the familiar’s advancement to Orange. Plus, it would free up more of Percy’s time to spend on his own magic.

‘That’s tomorrow’s problem though. For now, let’s focus on clearing some channels.’

He sat cross-legged, closing his eyes. Stirring the core in his abdomen, he pulled some mana to his arm. It flowed around his abs and then below his pectoral muscle before turning downwards at his shoulder.

It was easy to think of mana channels as magical veins, as the former facilitated the circulation of mana much like the latter did with blood. Still, the analogy wasn’t quite correct, as mana channels weren’t physical tubes. It might be more accurate to describe them as the path of least resistance for the mana. Clearing a pathway involved using it repeatedly, wearing down all the obstructions over time to make the flow smoother.

This meant one’s mana channels differed depending on their affinity. After all, each type had different properties, subtly affecting how it flowed through the body. Consequently, the path of least resistance for, say, fire mana wasn’t necessarily the same as that for air mana and so on. For most people, it didn’t really matter. So, what if their mana channels looked slightly different to one another’s? They could still clear them and use their magic all the same, right?

‘But it does affect me.’

Percy had two cores with different affinities. This meant he also had two entirely separate sets of mana channels. Even if he cleared all his pure pathways, he would have to do it again later for his soul ones. Not just that, but his soul affinity introduced another challenge the others wouldn’t have to deal with. Most affinities interacted with one’s body, meaning the corresponding mana flowed through it. Percy’s soul mana however, flowed through his soul instead.

‘Can I even use the Dance with it? How would I strengthen my soul enough to do that?’

He shook his head. This was a problem for after he was done repairing it. Right now, he could focus on mastering it for his second core. Returning his attention to the flow on his arm, he cut it off at the shoulder, instead diverting it towards his other shoulder. It now had to pass parallel to his collarbone, curving through the space between his spine and lungs. The mana resisted at first, as it wasn’t used to travelling along this route. Normally, when Percy wanted to shift mana from one arm to the other, he’d send it through his core first.

‘This is more efficient.’

It wasn’t just about increasing his capacity. This was simply a faster way to move it through his body. Most people didn’t bother, as the channels they normally used were only a fraction of the total. They didn’t consider this minor speed-up significant enough to waste months opening the additional pathways. Though clearly, this mindset was wrong. It had blinded everyone to the possibilities Micky’s people had stumbled upon.

***

Percy was broken out of his concentration by the gentle rays of the morning sun seeping through the window, brushing softly along his face.

‘Shit. Don’t tell me I was up all night.’

So focused had he been on clearing his channels, that he’d lost track of time. At least, he’d discovered and opened over a dozen new ones. Still, plenty remained in his body.

‘Maybe it’s not too late for a short nap.’

CAW! CAW!

Guessing his thoughts, Micky – who’d woken up already – flapped his wings angrily as he leapt on the bed.

“Fine! We’ll go get your breakfast! Just let me drink my elixir first.”

Percy uncorked the elegant vial, gulping its contents in one go. He began the daily ritual of cycling his pure mana between his stomach and core as he fought to keep his eyes open. He sure wasn’t looking forward to another twelve hours of physical training with baldy after an all-nighter.

CAW!

“Right! Right! I’m awake!” the young man said, having totally fallen asleep at some point.

Getting up, he opened the door, dragging his feet outside the mansion. The morning breeze gave him goosebumps. It wasn’t pleasant, but at least the chill and the fresh air helped flush the last traces of sleep out of his system, leaving only the exhaustion behind. Micky jumped onto his shoulder, content with enjoying his free ride as Percy prepared his food for him. That’s when the young man paused, flashing the bird a mischievous grin.

“Starting from today, you’ll be flying alongside me, looking for more mice.”

His familiar tilted its head, playing dumb, but Percy knew Micky understood him.

CAW! CAW!

The bird continued to protest, but Percy refused to take another step until it began pulling its own weight. It took another ten minutes of arguing, but Micky eventually took off, resigned to his fate. He hadn’t stopped mouthing off what Percy could only assume were curses though.

Only then did the young man resume his stroll, gathering some pure mana in his hand, trying to form it into a solid shape. This was pretty much the only time he had during the day to practice his magic, so he wouldn’t waste it.

He might have been born at Red, but now he’d finally accumulated a few advantages of his own. Unlike his peers who only had a single core to worry about, he essentially had four between himself and his familiar. He couldn’t afford to slack.

Percy sighed.

‘I suppose I’ll just have to work four times as hard then.’

Chapter 30 – One year

A note from PathOfPen

The Newt and Demon (Cozy alchemy slice of life with townbuilding)

Earth is dying. The sun is expanding at an uncontrollable rate, but Theo Spencer is alright with this. He's led a deplorable life. When the end comes, a mysterious entity grants him the gift of reincarnation. The gift of a quiet life as an alchemist.

Theo awakens in a small town in the southern reaches of a small kingdom in a non-human body. Broken Tusk doesn't seem like much, but his legendary alchemy skills will soon turn their fortune.

Join Theo on his journey to turn the swamp-town of Broken Tusk into a prosperous trade town.

* * *

Discord: https://discord.gg/UfkChRnHDP

N&D should run for all of 2024 without a break. Because why not?

Schedule is m-w-f.

Micky sent an image of a shadow sneaking through the bushes. He was perched atop a branch, gazing at their surroundings from the high vantage point, scouting the area. The crow was already fully grown by now. Percy felt it practically salivating through their bond as it eyed their misguided ambushers.

‘Thanks. I see them now.’

Percy pulled most of his mana to his channels, nearly emptying his core before taking a deep breath to refill it. The motes spiralled into his lungs like a vortex, as an even denser river gushed through his body. But he wasn’t done yet. He pumped even more mana through his pathways, feeling them swell and burn, his muscles brimming with strength, his frame threatening to pop like a pufferfish.

An arrow shot out from behind him. The young man only tilted his head slightly, dodging the projectile as the wind brushed harmlessly by his ear.

Another mouthful of mana later, he saw faint cyan lines glow under his skin. The pattern wasn’t exactly the same as Micky’s. Even though they shared their affinity, their cores were located at different points, forcing Percy to modify the technique slightly. They shone less brightly too. There was definitely some room for improvement, but the Status had still been kind enough to register the technique a couple months back.

‘You chose the wrong guy to attack.’ Percy smirked.

Then, he stomped hard, his foot making a loud sound as it cracked the dried dirt, catapulting him towards the goblins.

More arrows flew his way, but he easily weaved out of their path, causing the goblins’ eyes to widen. They switched to their melee weapons in a hurry. Their knives and hatchets had all been crafted out of bone. Rather poorly too.

Percy’s core had nearly refilled already, but he drained it again, this time gathering the mana into his right hand, squishing the blob of cyan into something solid. By the time he reached his opponents, his weapon had fully formed. It was a staff, about as tall as he was, its thickness the same as his thumb’s.

He spun it through the air as his momentum carried him between two of the creatures, where he hit each with a different end of the staff, slamming one to the ground while sending the other flying. Of the remaining five goblins, only three were brave enough to gang up on him, as the other two fled in terror.

Still, their lunges felt slow in his Mana Sense. He easily tiptoed around their attacks with some well-placed footwork. He swung his weapon again. It had cracked after the previous attack – his Red core not doing him any favours – but he’d already finished repairing it as the mana continued to accumulate inside his body.

Two swings later, three more goblins were rolling on the ground, as Percy finally allowed the staff to crumble.

Another image flashed through the connection. Micky had already intercepted one of the escapees, having torn out its throat with his talons. The bird was currently feasting on the goblin’s soul, as Percy felt the mana flowing through the link.

Activating Soul Vision, he spotted the last of the creatures. It had stopped moving, crouching quietly behind a tree some thirty yards away. Perhaps it thought it was safer to hide than run.

‘Big mistake.’

Percy took another breath, this time focusing on his first core instead. The two sources of soul mana soon gave him just enough for the spell as a silver dagger formed in his hand. With a flick of his wrist, the Parting Gift pierced soundlessly through the air, doing so even more rapidly than the arrows had, before phasing through the tree’s trunk.

A moment later, the goblin’s stiff body landed on the ground.

***

“Start with the dead one before its soul dissipates.”

Percy tossed the corpse in front of his familiar, who’d just finished consuming the previous goblin. The other five were merely knocked out, as the young man had taken extra care to keep them alive.

Feeling the mana in his eyes dissipating, he hurriedly tossed one last glance down at his soul before Soul Vision deactivated. Micky had supplied him more than enough to keep it active for longer if he wanted, but he’d rather invest the limited resource towards their recovery.

His soul didn’t look that great, still resembling a pile of minced meat held together by thin threads. That said, the chunks were fewer and larger than before, and they were attached to one another more firmly too. The crater in his chest had also shrunk a lot since last year.

That’s right.

A little over a year had passed since Micky’s first flight. Percy had even had two birthdays in that time. He was seventeen now.

He still couldn’t gather much soul mana without the bird’s assistance, but he healed faster and faster as Micky grew up and their hunts became more rewarding. As early as a few months ago, the two had graduated from rats and rabbits, turning their sights towards the goblins in the nearby Whistling Woods.

It wasn’t ideal, as the forest was a few miles away from his House’s mansion. It meant they had to spend several hours per day just travelling back and forth. But it couldn’t be helped, as it was too dangerous to camp the night there by themselves, and they harboured a few too many secrets to be working with strangers. Neither baldy nor Elaine had the time to babysit them for weeks on end.

That said, it wasn’t all bad.

Percy’s free time had increased sharply ever since his training sessions with his relatives stopped, so he could afford to do this. Plus, hunting was good for honing both his magic and his teamwork with Micky. Finally, even though the goblins were notoriously difficult to find, their larger cores and much more developed souls made the endeavour worthwhile.

‘At least Micky is doing better.’

While Percy’s soul was still some distance from a full recovery, preventing him from cleansing his first core or sending another clone, his familiar’s had grown a lot more stable. The bird could even go a few days without a meal before it began to get affected.

Shrugging, the young man’s attention turned to his Status, as he had no interest in watching his friend stuff his face with goblins.

* * *

Percival Avalon

Mana cores:

[Mana core 1 – Orange – Soul]

[Mana core 2 – Red – Pure]

Bloodline:

[Clone] – Create a copy of yourself. Effect varies by affinity.

Spells:

[Parting Gift – Crude]

[Secret Art: Familiar – Crude]

[Quarterstaff – Crude]

[Circulation – Refined]

???:

[???] – Grants access to your Status.

[???] – Grants a bloodline.

[???] – Grants a second mana core.

* * *

Not much had changed, besides the two new spells he’d registered.

The first – Quarterstaff – was perhaps the most unassuming entry in his entire Status. Being nothing more than a Crude spell cast from a Red core with a pure affinity, it wasn’t nearly as eye-catching as all the other stuff in there. Still, Percy was proud of it, as it had taken him a lot of hard work to hone it to its current state. Plus, it was his very first registered spell with his second core, so that had to count for something.

At first the young man had tried to go for a couple of shorter rods, one in each hand, to more closely mirror Micky’s style. Eventually, he realized dual wielding felt a bit unnatural to him. He appeared to have a personal proclivity towards a single, longer weapon. The construct wasn’t very sturdy, but it was good enough for the goblins.

The other new entry was a lot more impressive, however.

Although still a step short of the full Dance, Circulation was Percy’s first Refined spell. As a mage’s grade increased, so did their mana capacity and regeneration, as well as their control and reflexes, allowing them to master more intricate spells. Generally, people between Red and Yellow mostly focused on Crude spells, whereas Refined spells were seen as the hallmark of Greens and Blues. There were exceptions of course. Sometimes, a talented Yellow would master a Refined spell ahead of time, or a lazy Green would fail to do so before advancing.

Still, Percy was only at Orange. Not just that, but he was technically using Circulation with his Red core. Suffice to say, his circumstances were essentially unprecedented. News of his achievement would probably cause some waves if they leaked. He wasn’t exactly surprised Circulation was ranked that highly either, as it involved many difficult and demanding steps to master. Frankly, he knew he couldn’t have done this without cheating. Extensively.

His grandpa’s help had allowed him to get the equivalent of half a decade of physical training in only half a year. That, coupled with his dedication in clearing his channels meant he had started tempering his pathways faster than the others. In addition, the final step – circulating the mana and overcharging both his core and his channels – was by far the most difficult. However, he’d already experienced the art under Micky’s guidance, severely lowering the barrier of entry for him.

Even baldy hadn’t mastered the spell until a month after Percy. As for Elaine, she was still struggling with the last part.

‘Let’s not get complacent though. They can still wipe the floor with me with their hands tied behind their back...’

Percy sighed. At least, he’d grown strong enough to survive by himself at a semi-dangerous place like the Whistling Woods. That said, the road ahead was long and uphill…

Suddenly, some unexpected thoughts seeped through the link, drawing his attention. The young man lifted his eyes, looking at his familiar with concern. For some reason, the bird had stopped eating after the third goblin. It was sitting on the ground, occasionally twitching, as if in pain.

‘Micky! What’s wrong?!’

No reply.

Percy activated Mana Sense, anxious to figure out what was happening to his bond. The bird’s frame was glowing more brightly than ever before, its entire silhouette shimmering in a vibrant Red colour. More and more mana was released from its stomach, as its flesh shook and squirmed. The core in Micky’s sternum thrummed more frequently and violently than he’d ever seen it do before, glowing a shade brighter than the rest of his body.

Logically, his friend should have already started sending him the excess mana to relieve himself. However, he was instead holding everything in for some reason, letting it accumulate to a dangerous level.

The young man panicked, unsure how to help his familiar. He was about to call to him again, to ask him to let go of the mana, when he caught something odd through his sixth sense, giving him pause. As the core pulsed more and more intensely, its colour shifted. It was subtle at first, but Percy became more and more sure of what was going on as he kept watching. His previous fear was now replaced by excitement and even anticipation.

Micky was advancing to Orange.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Also, one more announcement. Today I'm launching a Patreon where you can read 40 chapters ahead! (1 chapter ahead for free)