

The drunken merchants were talking and joking around.

“But I heard there is a pretty nice woman where we are going this time?”

“Ah, right. There was this nice woman at the sawmill.”

“No, how can there be a nice woman in such a poor village?”

“She’s someone from the Messenger Clan.”

“…!?”

“What? The Messenger Clan?”

“To be precise, the head of the sawmill bought her because she is a woman from the Messenger Clan that was sold as a slave.”

“A woman from the Messenger Clan was sold into slavery? Does that make sense? Those bastards are monsters.”

“Did you see her?”

“I thought they were incredible when I was younger. How did such a woman get captured?”

“Ah, to be exact, she isn’t a member of the Messenger Clan, but her father was. The man used to be part of the Messenger Clan and had gotten a woman pregnant. She then gave birth to the child, but her parents must have caught on.”

One of the missions of someone of the Messenger Clan was to make an heir or find a spouse from a foreign tribe. The clan was relatively small. The genes would eventually weaken if blood was too intermixed within a clan.

If only those within the clan married each other, it would eventually weaken the genes and people. Therefore, the clan had to intermingle with the people of Hubris.

However, if they didn’t take these children to a Sanctuary of the Messenger Clan, such problems inevitably occur.

“Hehe. Is she really from the Messenger Clan?”

“Isn’t it just the daughter of some man who had an affair and then sold her by claiming she was from the Messenger Clan?”

Even the Emperor and Kings forbade slavery.

From their standpoint, the kings and officials knew that there was a decrease in productivity when slaves weren’t acknowledged. It wasn’t an environment where slaves could be acquired through wars; allowing it would simply lead to a rise in cults.

There was no need to create more traitors when people were already siding with the Kurt clan and other dark forces.

To the people of Hubris, however, the Messenger Clan were sinners. Just a rock on the side of the road. They would just kick it aside and enslave them with no thought.

This was what it meant to be called Soulless Beings. Violence inflicted on them didn’t even register as evil karma in the cycle of reincarnation. Against the Messenger Clan, any injustice, violence, or scams were justified.

In other words, you could falsely accuse someone of being from the Messenger Clan to enslave them.

“Well, she was pretty. And if you give the head of the mill a bottle of alcohol, you can even hug her.”

“What? Is that true? Any alcohol would do?”

“Hehe. I want a slave like that too.”

“You can buy the Messenger Clan child she gives birth to. But it will be a bit pricey.”

“But, wouldn’t there be almost no blood from the Messenger Clan?”

“So what? It will be a slave.”

They all laughed.

Clech!

Suddenly, a loud noise came, and one of the talking adventurers turned his head. Azadine stood in front of him with a red face, visibly drunk.

“Euk! T-this brat!”

“What?”

“What did you say?”





Black Magic Chaos (3)


Everyone stared at Azadine, but he continued to speak.

“Hic… hic. Such bad actions.”

“…”

“What? Is he drunk?”

“Everyone! This is why people are so corrupt!”

The merchants and adventurers looked at each other.

‘This bastard, look at him.’

‘Who asked this guy to drink?’

Everyone looked at the person in charge as Azadine continued to rant.

“The three archangels pledged to grant the power of the white magic to those who stuck to the three virtues and sealed themselves to this land! Yet, as the people shun this, the Rescue Knights’ powers are beginning to wane! Here comes the Age of Jupiter’s dominance when the power of darkness will regain its strength, yet why is this world full of pleasure seekers blind to virtue?!”

“W-what is he saying?”

“Brat! We just wanted to earn some money and own some slaves….”

“That’s right! It is that! Slaves! Slavery is illegal for the Rescue Knights and the Church! How can you say such cursed words?! Don’t you know that such sin will lead us all into failure?!”

“Ah, t-that.”

The merchants were embarrassed at Azadine, who was talking loudly and speaking about the Faith of the Rescue Knights.

The Age of Jupiter was an apocalyptic story told by the Rescue Knights. It was a story that beggars and the poor liked to talk about.

Of course, it was a story that fanatics of the Rescue Knights would love to speak about, but Azadine was now rambling as a drunk.

“The Age of Jupiter is coming! The three virtues! Stay away from pleasure, corruption, and prostitution!”

“No, didn’t he have too much to drink?”

“W-we gave him how much we drank.”

“It is fine! There is nothing about sobriety in the virtues!”

Azadine said this and tried to drink more, but the merchants stopped him.

“Woah!”

“What kind of power does he have?”

“H-he is tall! Such big bones!”

The merchants barely managed to stop Azadine.

“Now, now, there is a long way to go tomorrow, so you can go in and rest!”

“T-that.”

“Ah- understood! I can walk on my own feet!”

Azadine pushed back the merchants trying to support him and shambled into a bedroom. Once he entered, he placed his arms together, clasped his palms, and controlled his breathing.

“Phew.”

His face had returned to normal in mere moments, and his expression was calm. He had deliberately pushed his heart rate higher and imitated the actions of a drunk.

“As expected, everyone hates fanatics.”

“Didn’t they hate you for behaving like a drunk?”

Mediam, who was on her bed, stuck her head out.

“You were watching? Not sleeping?”

“I am always ready to leave the inn, of course.”

“Wouldn’t it be difficult to act as a messenger with such a face?”

Ismail also spoke to Azadine, as he was unable to sleep.

“I don’t know if they’re really talking about children of the Messenger Clan or if they just captured a helpless person and called them as such so they can sell them as slaves to the rich, but it is disgusting, and I want to kill them.”

Mediam had tossed and turned in her bed with a cold expression when she heard about one from her clan being enslaved.

“We need to check on how genuine that is.”

Even Azadine disliked the merchants and the head of the sawmill for what he had done. That was why he had deliberately pretended to be a fanatic and ruined the atmosphere, but just that much wouldn’t relieve him.

“When you confirm it, will you kill them?”

“In some cases.”

Azadine gave a slight confirmation.

“Because it is a messenger’s mission to set the Emperor’s laws right. Now, do we sleep for tomorrow?”

Azadine brushed his teeth with tea and salt before lying on his bed.

‘Who is this daughter of the Messenger Clan that they spoke about? Is she a messenger’s child? I know nothing about her because I haven’t heard of such a case. I will need to go and check.’

Azadine calmed his troubled heart and closed his eyes.



* * *



The following day, the merchants and adventurers were hungover as they packed their belongings and prepared for their journey. Everyone seemed used to this state as they likely drank a lot.

Even though they suffered from a hangover, watching them pack their goods without breaking anything showed they were experienced.

“Then let’s go!”

This group seemed accustomed to moving on their own. The party left the Imperial Road and walked alongside a forest path. The path was quite nice for a forest path, and there were frequent traces of human travel. There were also tea vendors around that sold tea and sweets.

Azadine asked a tea merchant.

“Is business going well?”

“Well, it’s decent. If we do business on the main road, the officials won’t stay still.”

“Any beasts or robbers?”

“Hahaha. There are, but they fly.”

The tea merchant said this and made tea for the merchants. Azadine walked away quietly and told the children.

“The merchants are watching, so do not use your bows. Got it?”

The children’s use of their bows revealed their identity when they fought the holy knights. It wasn’t normal in Hubris for 13-year-olds to use bows so skillfully.

This also wasn’t a place where they could reveal their identity. Azadine had warned them in advance and followed along silently as if he was an unbothered and unimportant pilgrim.

Kaka and Chico were surveying ahead to check the road they were on for any possible traps. They also joked around with members of the Cell Sword Guild and shared some rumors with Tarki.

Judging from their attitude, they acted like they had no trace of noble blood. Most importantly, they didn’t join in on any talk about the slave woman of messenger descent.

‘It might just be a coincidence, but that gives them good points for me. At least I prefer those two over Tarki. Since they didn’t take part in the discussion about slaves, they should be careful to not die, right?’

Azadine made that silent evaluation and continued to follow the merchants.

As they went deeper into the forest, the light darkened, and the trees looked menacing.

“…”

Azadine clicked his tongue at what he saw.

There was some black magic entangled in all this.

Traces of black magic.

“There is a sawmill near the back of this forest. They will tell us of any wyverns around this area if we go there. We will also sell some of our items to reduce our load…”

The merchants explained this for the adventurers’ understanding and protection.

Could they go?

To Azadine, this looked like a place infested with dangerous black magic. For the merchants, however, this was a normal forest.

“Something doesn’t smell too good.”

Mediam, who was a talented mage, covered her nose.

“Really? I didn’t notice anything.”

Seeing that Tarki was not bothered by the scent, it seemed like this was something ordinary people couldn’t detect.

“Stay close to the Kerim Goat.”

As he said this, Azadine prepared his weapon. He took out two swords he had taken from Kozel’s soldiers and placed one on his wrist and the other on his back. He also picked up four hunting arrows and tucked them into his pants under his robe.

While he did this, the merchants shouted.

“Ah, we arrived at the mill!”

“Ehh! Karim! I brought the drink…”

However, the man at the mill’s entrance was growling instead of replying…

“Grrrr!”

“KRRRRRR!”

Hounds with large claw marks on their backs and disemboweled guts ran from the sawmill in a fit of frenzy.

“Avoid that!”

“Oh god!”

“Undead!”

The Cell Sword Guild immediately began to form a circle. Everyone had come to hunt, so they were armed with short spears. A strong defensive wall was soon formed as they created a circle around the group.

However, the hounds that rushed at them didn’t seem to care. Despite being undead, they began to circle the troops as if they still had their instincts from when they were alive.

“Eik!”

“B-be careful! Show your weakness and we are done!”

A hound jumped into a gap it noticed. Suddenly, an enemy began to attack from the back, a weak point they could not cover immediately.

“Hm!”

Surprisingly, it was Tarki who stopped it. He fended off the hound by swinging his sword randomly. The hound backed away from Tarki’s sword and retreated when it felt that it was no longer a weak spot.

“Damn it! That is a tough thing!”

Holding his longsword, Tarki stood at the rear to cover the weak point of the defensive circle. He swung the longsword in the air to block more hounds from approaching.

“Pretty good.”

Azadine praised Tarki and analyzed the situation. The undead hounds had encircled and surrounded the group of adventurers and merchants. At the same time, human undead and zombie-like things were shambling from the village.

These were probably residents of the village, as they were coming out with axes, knives, clubs, hunting spears, saws, and chisels.

“T-they are too many!”

The undead hounds circled them, pinning down the adventurers and merchants behind their spears. In the meantime, the rest of the horde was coming closer, making everyone flustered.

It wasn’t easy to move with so many things happening. However, if they stayed still, they would become surrounded.

“S-shoot!”

Those behind the spear wall took out their hunting bows and began to shoot.

Azadine was watching this and thought that it was odd. Their arrows didn’t fit the bow properly. They were not trained right and were wasting precious arrows.

If they had poor shooting skills, they should have aimed for the slow-moving zombies. Azadine, who didn’t like what he saw, picked up a stone from the ground.

“Move away for a second!”

Azadine said this and threw the stone.

Swish!

A hound was hit on the head by the thrown stone.

“Kekeng!”

The hound, which was undead, struggled on the ground as Azadine’s stone throw was strong enough to shatter its head.

“Uh?”

“Wow?!”

Swish!

Another stone flew by and accurately hit a hound.

“Leave the hounds to me and aim at the zombies!”

“Ah! Yes!”

“Ehhh!”

The others were incapable of hitting the fast-moving hound. Following Azadine’s advice, they aimed at the slow zombies and landed their shots. However, their arrows were weak, so it was unable to stop them.

The zombies continued to move even with arrows sticking out of them. Unless someone had a strong shooting technique that could destroy bones and muscles, the situation would devolve where the zombies would need to be hit from close range.





Black Magic Chaos (4)


“Hmm.”

Azadine dealt with the hounds instantly and monitored how everyone was doing. After defeating the hounds disturbing the circle of protection, it was time to observe the remaining adventures’ skills.

Indeed, the adventurers used the power of their spear protection and were easily able to repel the zombies.

‘As expected, the adventurers are extremely skilled. I brought a short spear along because we had to come hunting, but…’

This was the heart of the forest.

What if attacks were made from different angles that couldn’t be dealt with a spear wall? What would they do?

To be honest, if Tarki or Azadine hadn’t joined to deal with the situation, then certain damage would have occurred. Azadine stood one step behind them and evaluated the adventurers’ skills.



* * *



The brief battle at the sawmill gates ended. The result was an overwhelming victory without a single injury or scratch.

However, they were all extremely terrified and alert, so they had overexerted their physical strength.

The undead was a disgusting existence, and just looking at them left ordinary people either frozen in fear or in a panic.

“Th-This is different from what you promised!”

“Ah, let’s go back. This is too unreasonable.”

The adventurers, hired by the merchants to guard them while they did business in the sawmill, were getting ready to return. Kaka, Chico, and the other Cell Sword Guild members were also panicking.

“We were hired to keep the wyvern away.”

“You can’t just leave so thoughtlessly!”

“Before we even go to the wyvern, there’s undead. It’s a whole different story!”

“Still, uh, all the undead have probably been dealt with by now.”

“No, the moment undead came out of this forest, it became a place where we don’t know what else will show up. Now it’s zombies, but later it could be phantoms or ghosts. Then what do we do? Are you confident you can handle it?”

Everyone seemed to want to withdraw, whether due to the wyvern or whatever else.

It was easy to hunt living creatures, but hunting the undead was difficult because even if you injured them, they didn’t bleed. Only severing parts of their body could stop them. More than anything, according to the superstitions of the people of Hubris, only those who were murdered became undead. This made them a more fearsome foe than simple evil creatures.

“But, will you be able to go back?”

Azadine asked them.

“Huh? What do you mean…”

“Uh?”

The adventurers and merchants then noticed that the road back was nowhere to be seen. They had been sure they were walking along a forest road, but, at some point, only lush and dense trees remained behind them.

‘The trees are at different positions.’

Azadine knew this would happen when he felt a dark power in the forest.

‘The spell caster is watching us. Seeing that they blocked the road for our return…’

Azadine could sense the spell caster’s hatred towards those merchants.

‘Seems they want to kill them all.’

If they had enslaved and exploited a woman, just because she came from the Messenger Clan, and even more, enslaved her children…

They deserved the death penalty.

No matter how good a person Azadine was, he didn’t want to save them. However…

‘Until the investigation advances further, I can’t let them die. For now, I’ll have to keep them alive until the investigation is done.’

Thinking that, Azadine examined the expressions of the merchants.

“Uhaah! What happened?”

“We’re all dead now!”

“Th-the road disappeared? But surely it was here?”

The merchants, who were petrified, ordered the adventurers to return and look for the road they came from. The adventurers were displeased at being treated like human shields, but they went and looked anyway, though they soon returned.

“Th-the road has disappeared.”

“There are paths that are not really roads, but they’re too narrow and dangerous.”

With this many people walking down a narrow path, the line inevitably became longer. If an ambush happened now, they would be massacred.

“For now, this place is spacious, so let’s stay in this village.”

Azadine recommended this, but the merchants and adventurers shook their heads.

“N-No!”

“This is where that woman from the Messenger Clan is.”

“It-It’s that woman. It’s her, for sure. As expected of the cursed Messenger Clan. I knew it!”

The merchants didn’t even pretend to listen to Azadine and were terrified.

“Let’s leave quickly. This village is ominous.”

“L-Let’s do that.”

“But the path back seems too dangerous.”

“Doesn’t matter. We have a compass.”

“Well, we’ll manage somehow, won’t we?”

The merchants ignored the adventurers’ opposition and shouted for all of them to head back. Azadine thought that letting all these merchants die would be a cheap price to pay, but he couldn’t let them die until he made things clear. He had no choice but to call Tarki to talk in private.

“Yes?”

“Hey, make these people calm down.”

“Huh? Me?”

“Of course, I can’t do it, can I? You, a noble, must say it for it to sink in.”

“Ah, I understand. I’ll try my best to do it.”

Tarki, while hesitating, went forward to the merchants.

“Enough enough, you lowlifes. Focus here for a moment.”

“…”

The merchants, drowning in fear and panic, shut their mouths within a second.

“I am Tarki, the son of Count Casel. So, compared to the lives of you flies, my life is precious at a different level. A person like me is ready to die to investigate this place, so what is so valuable about the lives of you insignificant creatures that you’re like this, huh? You’ll be the living witness to the scene as we investigate together. Then I will dig up the secrets of this place, finally attaining the honor of becoming a knight. It will become a story for you lowly creatures to boast about to every generation after you.”



* * *



Perhaps due to Tarki’s ‘motivational’ speech, many of the merchants decided against the plan and returned to look for the road they had come from.

The only ones left were the Cell Sword Guild members, who had received their own missions, Kaka, Chico, Azadine’s party, and Tarki.

Tarki was puzzled at why the merchants had ignored his plan even after he tried to persuade them.

“Why are these people like this?”

“That’s what I want to ask. How, in this situation, can you speak like that?”

Azadine, who was morbidly fascinated, was impressed at Tarki who was unrivaled when acting like his true self. When a person crosses a certain line, even their existence becomes fascinating. How could a man be so foul-mouthed? He wanted to examine his brain to find out.

“Well, thanks to you, I don’t need to be cautious anymore.”

Mediam said something terrifying while laughing. Even if their identity was discovered now, they could easily control Kaka and Chico’s mouths. Of course, the other people would need to be killed or have their ability to speak removed.

Kaka and Chico, who were unaware of this inside information, sighed.

“Oh, Brother Tarki. Why did you say that? Scattering people could be dangerous, won’t it?”

“Then why don’t you guys go back to the merchants?”

“Because if there’s a spell that blurs the path we came from, it’d be more dangerous to go back looking for it.”

Chico, after saying that, carefully took out a charm from his inner pocket. It was a dry lizard amulet made by the shamans of Vatuma. It was an ancient charm that could be eaten when hungry or made into a charm using its ashes. He scratched out some of the ashes and sprinkled them on the ground.

The ashes moved without any wind, making waves as if it was an iron powder that was attracted by a magnet.

“A powerful black magic is spread over this whole area. Though that is expected considering that there are undead here.”

“Is that so?”

Azadine clicked his tongue and looked around the sawmill. There were large saw wheels installed there to cut up the trees. Around the saw wheels, there were also workshops, accommodations, and warehouses.

But…

The warehouse door was moving. Someone was pounding at the warehouse door that was latched from the outside, from the inside. Everyone took out their weapons as they nervously approached it.

“Is it the undead?”

“Is there someone out there? I’m a human!”

From the warehouse, a young woman’s voice could be heard.

“Is it an undead pretending to be a human?”

“I’m really a human! I, um, I’m a Holy Knight of the King’s Church!”

Azadine walked up to the door and unfastened the latch. The door burst open, and a young female knight emerged from inside. Judging from the metal armor she was wearing, she wasn’t a trainee knight but an official knight armed with a shield and a mace.

She must’ve constantly been pushing the door. The moment Azadine unfastened the door latch, she tumbled onto the ground.

“Ack!”

The siblings, Kaka and Chico, were in the back and became quite startled by her and dashed away to dodge her. In an unsightly manner, the female knight was splayed on the ground and collapsed.

“Ah, those little ones. Are you okay?”

“Yes. I’m… not okay!”

Suddenly she stood straight as if hit by lightning, and before the party could stop her, she ran towards the woods.

“It’ll be dangerous if you act alone.”

“But it’s something I have to do alone. Please don’t come here!”

“Ah…”

Azadine realized what she had to do and stopped chasing her. She, who disappeared in the woods, returned to Azadine after a few moments, having regained her calm.

“…”

“Ah, the thing is, because I was trapped in there for so long…”

“There’s no need for an explanation.”

Azadine said this, and the female knight’s face reddened in embarrassment. It seemed that she had been in a hurry to relieve herself.

“Ah, I’m late in introducing myself. I am Maya, the captain of the District of Salasma.”

If she was a captain, an officer under the direct jurisdiction of the Bishop, she would be a high-ranking elite even within the King’s Church. Unlike other Holy Knights, she worked directly under the Bishop in the district’s metropolis. As she received a salary directly from the district, she must be a subject of envy for many Holy Knights.

Holy Knights who couldn’t become captains were forced to wander large distances within a certain jurisdiction. They also had to follow and execute missions from their superiors and, without any fief, had to earn their own income to pay for their own food, clothes, maintenance, and even fodder for their horses.

Considering such a large difference in treatment, it was obvious that not just anyone would be chosen. Only those with outstanding abilities, remarkable families, extraordinary appearance, ornaments that dazzled the people, or specialized skills, such as taxation, accounting, legislation, or bookkeeping, could become captains.

Azadine asked out of curiosity.

“Why is such a high-ranking official in this place?”

“That’s because of a holy mission.”

“Then why were you locked in the warehouse?”

“While I was investigating the village, evil creatures raided the place. In all the confusion, the villagers locked me in the warehouse, and since all I had was this…”

She showed her mace to him. With a graceful silver engraving on that extremely small mace, it looked more like an ornament of the elite nobles than a weapon.

For those without armor, it might be a great weapon, but for those wearing armor, it would barely even bother them. Seeing that she was carrying around something like that, she seemed more suitable for paperwork or trade-related tasks.

“Of-of course, I had my weapons too, but those were with my horse… and since there were other Holy Knights in the village, I didn’t think something like this could happen. I could have used divine punishment magic to smash this door, but it’d put me in danger too. Um?”

Maya suddenly noticed her surroundings as she spoke. Did she finally notice that there were traces of blood and slaughter everywhere in the village?





Black Magic Chaos (5)


“Huh, was it you people who did this?”

The Holy Knight Captain, Maya, panicked and grabbed her mace. Azadine shook his head.

“We’re just a group of merchants, adventurers, and pilgrims.”

“Ah, I see. Is-is that so? Then what happened here?”

“It seems the villagers were attacked by black magic. When we arrived here, we found that they had been transformed into undead and attacked us.”

“Huh? Are you talking about the residents of this sawmill? Oh, my goodness. But all of you managed to keep them away?”

“Ah, it wasn’t just us. There were other merchants and mercenaries, but they didn’t even enter the village and said they were going back.”

“I see. Had you not come here, I would have been trapped there for who knows how long.”

“Are you okay? How long were you locked in there?”

“I’m not sure… Though I could endure it because there was food and water inside the warehouse…”

“Could I take a quick look inside?”

“N-No.”

Maya quickly resisted Azadine’s request to look inside the warehouse.

“But we could probably find a clue about this incident inside, don’t you think?”

“There’s nothing like that in there!”

“Why are you so sure about that?”

“Uh, th-the thing is…”

Mediam chose that moment to speak.

“The Holy Knight probably had to take care of any nature’s call inside the warehouse in a corner somewhere. I’m sure she’s taken care of the big business, but since one would have to go often for the little business…”

“Waaaah!”

Maya dropped to the ground with a thud. Apparently, she had wanted to keep the fact that she had to relieve her bladder inside the warehouse a secret. That was why she had blocked Azadine and the others from entering the warehouse.

“That’s not a big deal. May we please go ahead and investigate the warehouse?”

“No. Before that, excuse me, but who are you? Investigations like this were originally the specialization of the Holy Knights. Rather than making useless speculations, it’s better for someone trained for this to control the situation.”

Maya’s words made complete sense. After all, she didn’t want anyone to see any traces of waste that she had left behind. Of course, Azadine, as an Emperor’s messenger, had received investigative training.

The Emperor’s messengers did not only receive martial arts training but also had to study and memorize various types of accidents, murders, criminal cases, and so forth as part of their training. However, since his opponent was a Holy Knight of the King’s Church, he couldn’t exactly reveal that he was a messenger, could he?

At that moment, Mediam chose to come forward instead of Azadine.

“That trained person would still be locked in the warehouse had we not come, so isn’t it okay to leave this incident to us? Rather, we’ll take responsibility for this investigation, so please follow us inside.”

“…”

At the reminder of her involuntary imprisonment, the captain quickly fell silent. That disgraceful memory would end up being brought up again, so she had no choice but to stay silent.

“L-let’s do that.”

Maya gave up and permitted the party to look inside the warehouse.

Azadine looked inside and found that the warehouse had served as a food storage area and also had a large tub of water. She seemed to have managed to survive due to these things being in storage. Judging by the mess she had left, she had probably been trapped inside for about a day.

Looking at the door, there were traces of it having been struck by a sword. Nearby was also a broken short sword that had been tossed away negligently.

‘So this captain had more than just that decorative mace on her.’

She had been armed with a short sword and a shield when she entered this warehouse and became trapped. She seemed to have tried to use her short sword to open the door but had broken it and thrown it away.

“Were you trapped here for around a day?”

“Yes.”

“Before that, the villagers were still alive, yes? The moment you were trapped was when the village was raided. Is that correct?”

“Yes.”

Maya, who had given that reply, was examining the undead corpses nearby as if she was looking for something.

“Ah, by the way, apart from me, did you see any other Holy Knights?”

“Holy Knights?”

“Well, I had been sent here to subdue wyverns under orders from the Bishop. Of course, to hunt these evil beasts, we needed hunters.”

In the Holy Knights Order, there were many trainee knights who had to perform a variety of deeds to gain enough merit to become formally promoted.

“At the same time, my Father was in a position where he had to supervise the trainee knights, so I came here together with them.”

“Father?”

“Ah, yes. My Father is a Holy Knight of the Church too. From one generation to the next, we are upholding the Law of the King’s Church as father and daughter!”

She proudly stood with her chest pushed forward.

‘It’s not something to be proud of at all, though?’

Azadine inwardly laughed at her words. According to the tenets of the King’s Church, a Holy Knight was not allowed to have children. Otherwise, sending those who lost a battle of inheritance to the King’s Church would be meaningless. It would be better to kill them. Otherwise, they could have children, regain secular power, and reinstate themselves.

To prevent such situations in the past, these fallen nobles would have been forced to either join the priesthood or be castrated. However, as the rules of the Holy Knight Order became more lenient, the rule of castration was the first to be removed. So as the more immoral Holy Knights indulged in carnal pleasures, they would occasionally have children. However, children born this way would simply be illegitimate children that would be given to the Church.

In other words, this female knight, Maya, was born an illegitimate child.

‘If she was a child born before he joined the priesthood, her father would have become a priest, not a Holy Knight.’

That was why being a father and daughter pair of Holy Knights was not something to brag about. As he had a hunch, Azadine asked about the appearance of her father and his trainee knights. Once he heard their description, he came to a conclusion.

‘So they were the ones that I killed.’

This forest and sawmill bordered the farm that Azadine’s party had left the day before. The Holy Knights dispatched to hunt the wyverns probably had accidentally killed farmers with arrows while shooting them in the forest. To cover up the incident, they had tried to kill the witnesses, but one had run away, leading them to decide to massacre the whole village and meet their ultimate end when they met Azadine’s party.

But a person involved in that incident was still alive. Salasma’s Knight, Captain Maya, was the daughter of Sir Kazrek, who Azadine had killed.

“I don’t know what happened, but my Father is an extremely outstanding Holy Knight. He’s skilled in martial arts and has a righteous character. He’s not someone who’d struggle at the hands of just some undead.”

“Is that so?”

Azadine laughed. Sir Kazrek had certainly been a strong opponent. Azadine had killed him with an unexpected attack, but he would have been a difficult opponent in an official duel.

But was he really an outstanding Holy Knight?

‘If he was truly an outstanding Holy Knight, he wouldn’t have a daughter.’

He had broken the rules of the church and fathered an illegitimate daughter. How could he be an outstanding Holy Knight?

Aside from that, the knight he saw and his trainees were a gang that had recklessly shot their arrows and killed civilians. They were also caught trying to cover up their mistake by committing mass slaughter.

She might be favoring him as they shared the same blood, but he was in no way an outstanding Holy Knight.

‘He may have been an outstanding father, but I should keep my mouth shut about this. I don’t want to get involved with this woman for no reason. I don’t want to end up fighting with her just because I killed her father. That’d just leave a bad aftertaste in my mouth.’

Therefore, he decided to keep his distance from her.

“Are your weapons and tools with the horse? I didn’t see a horse that became an undead. If you think it’s safe, you can scout the nearby area with the merchants and the knights to find your horse. You never know. You might even find your colleagues.”

“Then what about you?”

“We’ll investigate the warehouse here and the village a bit more.”

Azadine said that and sent her to survey the surrounding area.



* * *



Azadine examined the warehouse a bit more but found nothing special.

“So what should we do now?”

Mediam asked.

“Should we make this sawmill our base and explore a little more? Or should we retrace the path we came from like the other merchants are doing?”

“We’ll take this sawmill as our base. If the phenomenon occurred here was the spell caster’s act, we’d need food and water supply.”

“And if not? Usually, matters related to black magic occur because of a grudge held by someone who was murdered and turned into a vengeful spirit.”

The living needed a lot of training and talent to use black magic. However, those who became vengeful spirits would immediately be able to use black magic. Disasters like these were usually caused by those kinds of spirits.

“Then do we have to keep acting like powerless children? It might be very burdensome for you.”

Mediam said this with the female Holy Knight in her mind.

Azadine had forbidden Mediam and Ismail from using their bows. If the children used their bows with evident skill, they’d be immediately identified as members of the Messenger Clan.

They had to hide it from the merchants, but it was even more important to hide it in front of a Holy Knight. More than that, however…

“If the person who committed this incident here is a human, then that person probably…”

“Right?”

Mediam could roughly guess who Azadine had in mind as the culprit.



* * *



Disasters involving black magic were usually caused by a vengeful spirit. If a person went through mortifying experiences throughout their lives and did not get a proper funeral at their death, perhaps due to being murdered, they would typically return as evil spirits. Such evil spirits also brought with them a curse.

However, sometimes there were incidents where the black magic used was of such extreme power that they truly became disasters. If this was such an incident, the most likely culprit was the woman who had been enslaved because she was a member of the Messenger Clan.

They would have to see if she was murdered and had become an evil spirit.

“I don’t know if she died and became a vengeful spirit or if she is alive and learned to practice black magic. The probability of the latter is…”

“The latter is possible to some extent.”

Azadine said this as he considered past cases of similar incidents.

Black magic spells required more talent than formal study. If she had truly inherited the blood of a messenger as well as the magic book of Flower Bird Wind Moon, it would not be strange for her to have suddenly awakened as a black magic user.

“Then, considering your personality, wouldn’t you want to try to persuade her?”

“Why do you think that?”

“Because you value nature and its beauty. But if it was me, I’d kill her. Though having sad memories and an agonizing past makes me sympathize with her, you can’t use a broken container out of sympathy. Isn’t using a new container more effective and less expensive?”

Regardless of how pitiful one’s past was, there was no need to use a broken container out of sympathy. The human spirit, once broken, was hard to recover.

Sometimes, people who have strong minds may go through terrible pain and do not lose themselves in them but rather forge themselves to become stronger and sharper. However, those who cannot do so end up being broken and crushed. While you could sympathize with these broken people due to their circumstances, it was not wise to trust them.

Mediam, who had spoken her piece, then smiled.

“Regardless, if you succeed at persuading her, I’d respect that.”





Black Magic Chaos (6)


Mediam, as a member of the Ethar bloodline, a reputable family among the Aragasa, didn’t harbor many good feelings towards the people of Hubris. However, she did agree with Azadine’s words.

Protecting the people was a beautiful thing. Even if they regarded the Aragasa as their enemies, safeguarding helpless civilians was the epitome of nobility for those who sacrificed themselves in war. This did not apply to just those warriors that belonged to the nobility…

It was simply the correct thing to do for a human being.

‘Until now, nobody spoke of this to me.’

People who only thought about things from the perspective of the Aragasa would never talk about ethics or respecting nature and its beauty. In reality, Mediam had already begun to respect Azadine to some extent.

What if Azadine was capable of presenting his thoughts in a charismatic or magnetic way?

Respect for him would only keep increasing.

“Please stop, My Lady.”

Ismail grumbled as he saw this.

“There is no need to save and forgive someone like that. They need to be eliminated. We don’t know what will happen if we let someone who caused such chaos with Black Magic live. And what do you mean by respect…”

Ismail was slowly boiling internally to the point of insanity from his jealousy.

Respect and Mediam?

Mediam was someone who showed no interest in her peers or even those older than her. He couldn’t understand why someone like her was showing such interest in the accursed Azadine. Not only was he eyeless, but he also had the blood of a traitor! Neither could he understand why Azadine found her annoying.

Ismail was ready to even sell his soul to get that kind of attention from her!

“I don’t care if you two respect me or not. I just plan to do what I can.”

“So, will you keep hiding our identity? Should we stay still without shooting any arrows? Does that mean we should just handle the luggage like the young children of Hubris?”

“No, not exactly.”

Azadine took something out of the storage in the warehouse.

“Use this.”

Azadine pulled out hunting bows used by residents of the village. Compared to the children’s version of the Moon Horn Bow used by the Messenger Clan, this bow had less tension power and was typically used by normal 13-year-old boys and girls.

“Umm, this?”

“Yeah, let’s start making preparations.”

“What do you mean? What preparations?”

“Of course, I’m talking about a defensive battle. Going into the forest or, more accurately, a trap is moronic. Let’s lure the enemy here..”

After saying that, Azadine started preparing to light a fire.

“We will need a lot of arrows. We might run out if we just use the arrows that the villagers used as well as what we have on us. In the meantime, how about waxing the bows and making some arrows.”

“Ugh. I don’t wanna make arrows.”

Mediam found the task troublesome.

“Hmm… Isn’t it about time you wax your Moon Horn Bows? If you don’t care for them consistently, you know the bow will break, right?”

Though shorter than regular bows, the Messenger Clan bows were quite strong. However, maintaining their condition and caring for them was just, if not more difficult. If they weren’t waxed at least once a week, the bow would dry out and break apart as if they exploded.

Azadine, after lighting the fire, sat down and took out his supplies, which included materials needed to make arrows. He had threads and feathers and began to trim the wood he had gathered from the trees in the sawmill.

Using a hand axe that was sharp enough to shave with, he split the wood to make arrow shafts and baked those over the fire to dry off any moisture or resin.

“Get ready.”

“Okay.”

Ismail, who was also working, combed the fur of their Kerim Goats using an oil comb. This was done to collect sebum, wax ester in the goat’s fur.

Azadine then shook the wood to ensure that any griddle, fleas, lice, dust, and other similar things would fall off before greasing the wood using an even coating of wax ester. He would then bake the shafts over the fire to dry them further. This was how they made their arrow shafts.

“Next.”

Azadine handed the arrow shafts over to Mediam. After cutting them into fine pieces, she inserted the feather and tightened it to the shaft using a thread before trying to attach an arrowhead made of animal or fish bones.

“Don’t use a normal arrowhead. Finish off with the thread. You’ll need to use that wisely.”

“But then the arrow…”

“Arrows made using fresh wood dry up and become worthless anyway. For the arrowhead, we’ll use the iron tips. We’ll use everything for this defense. We need to use them all before they dry up anyways, so instead of using the Goblin arrows, this quality will be enough.”

Iron tips meant iron metal that could also be used as currency. Among the metal currencies used in the Eight Kingdoms, the only iron that could be used for arrows were from the Elm Leaf coins that were made using poured iron.

It was rumored that they were made into arrows during wars or emergencies. However, from the perspective of those who used arrows, it was an absurd comment by those who didn’t use bows.

Iron used for currency was mixed using metal with many impurities. Arrowheads made by using this kind of iron that simply mimicked the shape would have lower penetrative strength. Though its power was enough to hurt an opponent without armor, the arrowhead was useless against an armored target.

On top of that, many Elm Leaf coins became worn out and crooked while in circulation. You would need to select strong and good-quality coins to use for arrowheads.

“All the mountain goats have been combed.”

Ismail had collected just enough wax ester and immediately moved towards Mediam.

“Then stick in the arrowheads.”

Azadine instructed Ismail to insert the arrowheads. The three of them, much like the other members of the renowned archers of the Messenger Clan, were extremely familiar with the arrow-making process. They had created more than enough arrows of satisfactory quality in no time.

Azadine, after making all the arrows, continued to grease the Moon Horn Bows using the remaining wax.

“Great. Now…”

Azadine fitted the head of a halberd on a piece of wood he had trimmed. It was the halberd that had belonged to the chief of the guards. After applying the remaining wax to the halberd head, he baked it over the fire, evenly infusing the wax into it.



* * *



In the time that Azadine, Ismail, and Mediam spent polishing up their bows and making their arrows, the rest of their party collected wood, furniture, and other things from the village to strengthen their barricade. It was impossible to cover all the fences around the sawmill, so they simply used the houses, warehouses, and other buildings as a line of defense. They planned to stop any enemies from entering easily by using things to block the windows.

“I don’t think that he’s just a simple pilgrim.”

Kaka, who was following the defense plan that Azadine had set up, expressed his surprise while at the same time dragging and arranging the furniture as he was told. Regardless of the enemy’s point of entry into the village, he piled any object in a heap to utilize their existing boundaries to the fullest.

“Exactly what is that man’s identity? By chance, is he someone who committed a great crime in the past and became a pilgrim?”

“I don’t know much, either.”

Tarki had no choice but to reply this way because he couldn’t simply say that Azadine was the Emperor’s messenger.

“I’m sorry. I’m the one who’s originally supposed to take command.”

Maya, the knight captain of Salasma, was ashamed and embarrassed that she couldn’t conduct herself properly despite being a Holy Knight.

At that moment, they detected movement from the forest.

-OO wong?

It was the cry of a wyvern. From the southern entrance of the sawmill, they spotted the merchants who came shambling through the fog.

“Grrr.”

“Kooo.”

The merchants and their bodyguards had, at some point, become undead. After leaving the sawmill using the southern path, demons attacked and massacred them. They had now reappeared after being transformed into undead.



* * *



“Well, that was fast.”

Azadine clicked his tongue as the merchants were eliminated faster than expected. Disregarding the merchants, the mercenaries and adventurers who had accompanied them were not weak pushovers.

“Okay then, everyone, get into battle formation!”

Azadine handed short spears to Tarki, Kaka, Chico, and the Holy Knight Maya before sending them to the front. He stood inside the warehouse while holding his bow.

The undead made from the corpses of the merchants and adventurers funneled into the village entrance towards the barrier they had made. Suddenly, a woman’s voice could be heard from the sky.

[Hahaha. You people are pretty amusing, huh?]

The wyvern surprisingly spoke using a young woman’s voice. The spell caster responsible for this situation probably used the wyvern to transmit her voice.

‘If she can control the undead or other creatures, of course, it’d be easier to control a flying creature like a wyvern. Guaranteed visibility and easier movement.’

Azadine had known from the start that the woman’s spirit possessed the wyvern. Since the possessed body was so close, he initiated a conversation.

“Are you the person of the Messenger Clan who annihilated this village?”

The voice was startled by Azadine’s question.

[Huh? How do you know that?]

“The merchants talked about it.”

[That’s right. Those bastards enslaved me and trampled over everything that I am. Just for the mere reason that I was descended from the Messenger Clan! They treated me like a piece of soulless rock!]

“Are you alive?”

[Of course, I am!]

Though she said this, the words of the most vengeful spirits always claimed they were alive. They could not be taken at face value and could not be trusted.

“How did you get your power?”

[Why do I have to tell you that? If you’re that curious about it, become undead like the other ones here. Then you’ll find out, even if you don’t want to!]

“Even if we’re not connected to those who abused you in any way, will you still consider us enemies?”

[Shut up! If you people are the only ones with a soul, and I’m just a soulless rock on the street, I will crush all of you! You so-called great people of Hubris, I’ll dye your souls in pain!]

It seemed that the spell caster, who had been treated like a slave and abused for being of the Messenger Clan, seemed to harbor great resentment and planned to take revenge on the people of Hubris as a whole. As someone from the same Messenger Clan, Azadine felt it was unfair.

Seeing the situation escalate like this, Mediam whispered to Azadine.

“Won’t we be able to persuade her by letting her know we’re from the Messenger Clan too?”

“Then what about that Holy Knight?”

“We’ll have to kill her. What else?”

“If we kill the Holy Knight, what about Tarki’s half-siblings?”

“Well, in their case, too. We don’t have a choice, do we?”

“Ah, Mediam.”

Azadine sighed.

“You can’t give so little importance to someone’s life even if that person is a Holy Knight of the King’s Church.”

“Oh my goodness. Are you being serious?”

Ismail, who was listening in, was shocked.

“Then do you have something in mind?”

“Well, since she said she’d take everything away because she thinks of herself as quite powerful…”

Azadine shrugged and looked.

“We need to let her know who is the strong one here.”

The corpses of the adventurers and merchants approached the warehouse from the sawmill’s entrance. Azadine picked up an arrow and placed it on the bowstring.

“Aren’t they too far? We need to shoot when they get closer, so…”

Maya recommended that Azadine should shoot after luring the enemy closer, but Azadine replied.

“I’d like to do that, but there’s too many. For us, soon, space will be our barrier. If they take away that space, our barrier will shrink too.”

In other words, he meant that shooting an arrow from far away was necessary to secure the most space. After saying this, Azadine fired his arrow.

-Swoosh!

With the roar of the air as it pierced through, the arrow flew true.

-Hit!

When the arrow made contact with an adventurer’s skull, its jaw was crushed and slammed into its helmet from the inside, blowing it away. The only thing left behind was a dreadful noise.





Black Magic Chaos (7)


The distance was quite far away, yet the power was extraordinary.

‘It doesn’t look like he’s trying to hide the fact that he’s a member of the Messenger Clan.’

‘But it seems Azadine uses a stronger Moon Horn Bow than other messengers, doesn’t it?’

Mediam and Ismail clicked their tongues while watching Azadine’s performance.

‘Messengers, without a doubt, study battle tactics and strategy, along with cases about sorcery. However, most of the time, because they tend to skip it as if barely licking their food, that study isn’t enough without practical experience.’

So, after completing their basic training, young messenger candidates would work under a messenger, completing missions while gaining and learning from practical experience.

‘But it’s only been three months since Azadine became a messenger. He has no experience in the field. Yet what’s with this adroitness and dexterity in his skills? I heard he couldn’t even keep up with basic training, so how did Elder Kazas train him?’

Mediam was curious about exactly what type of training Azadine had gone through.



* * *



“Oh?”

Maya was frightened by the power with which Azadine shot the arrows. Azadine set up another arrow and fired another shot.

-Thud!

This time too, the undead collapsed with a loud sound. Like a pile of trash that rolled on the ground as it was blown by the wind, those undead hit by the arrows rolled on the soil, sweeping it in the process.

[Damn it. What is this?]

The spell caster, who was observing the whole thing, was shocked.

“You said the strongest would take it all, didn’t you? I’ll show you who’s the strongest.”

[Stop kidding yourself, you archer! Bragging after shooting just a few arrows! How about this, then?]

The undead then started going on a rampage.

“Grrr.”

“Gaaah!”

The undead began approaching them at a terrifying speed. No matter who saw this, they would agree that it was frightening. However, Azadine wasn’t scared in the slightest.

“Try all you want!”

Azadine adapted to the Aragasa sorcery and maximized the power of his arrows as he shot out one after another.

-Whoosh!

The arrows flew true with the sound of the wind cutting through the air. Every time this happened, an undead rushing in would tumble into the ground. Additionally, the fallen undead hindered those coming behind them and further bogged down the enemy’s line of attack.

As a result, by the time any undead reached the defensive formation made up of Maya, Tarki, and the rest, their numbers weren’t much. Even when the undead that had collapsed got up and approached them again, they had less strength, making it more straightforward for those in the formation to handle them.

“Ugh, oh oh, God, they look so…”

Tarki stood at the forefront with his longsword. In contrast, Kaka and Chico stood diagonally to support him from the rear with their short spears.

As Tarki swung his longsword in large, wild attacks, any gaps left by his swings were covered by Kaka and Chico through the windows.

Even so, the Holy Knight, Maya, blocked and got rid of any undead still charging at them after getting through the barrier using a short sword and shield that Azadine had given her from his own stash.

Maintaining this systematic formation, they were able to considerably overpower the undead while fighting. Not to mention…

-Swing!

-Thud!

Besides the arrows that Azadine was shooting, another significantly powerful arrow landed on an undead. Mediam could no longer bear using the hunting bow and had taken out her Moon Horn Bow.

“Hey.”

“I just have to avoid being caught by that Holy Knight, don’t I?”

The Holy Knight, it seemed, was barely keeping her senses while engaging in close combat. Of course, she didn’t have a single opportunity to look behind, either.

Taking advantage of that, Ismail also secretly switched his bow to his Moon Horn Bow and shot his arrows using that.

“Alright. But the moment I tell you, change up your bows.”

Azadine allowed Mediam and Ismail to use their Moon Horn Bows as he continued to shoot.



* * *



The undead began to lose strength as soon as Azadine, Medium, and Ismail began shooting their arrows. Those undead who managed to avoid the shower of arrows barely reached Tarki’s group and were typically already injured enough that the slightest hit from a melee weapon would stop them. However, because the corpses continued to pile up, Tarki’s group inevitably had to start withdrawing.

[Th-These bastards….]

The spell caster was in extreme shock.

She hadn’t placed much importance on this group because it had young children. Yet, they were performing much better compared to the merchants and mercenaries.

Moreover, their defensive formation was quite tricky.

Because they made barricades using light wooden benches, zombies that typically have low mobility would attempt to cross these knee-high boundaries and inevitably trip and fall.

In the end, as they played the role of infantry, the undead was inevitably exposed to a shower of arrows. Also, as the wyvern was useful due to its ability to fly, losing it here would be a waste for the spell caster.

When compared to chess, it would be as if she lost her queen at the beginning of a match.

‘I tried to use it sparingly but ended up wasting it. It would’ve been better to use the wyvern from the start.’

Finally, now that she had nothing to spare, the spell caster decided to use all her cards.



* * *



-Grrrng.

A bear appeared to join the fray.

It wasn’t undead, but instead, it had a form of black spore that was attached to its body. It proved much more tenacious and quicker in movement than the zombies.

Its mobility was no different than a living bear. Actually, it was indeed still a live bear.

And…

-Oo wong?!

The wyverns also began to move. A multi-pronged attack had begun with the bear on land and the wyverns in the skies.

“Whoa!”

When the bears began to rush in, the battle formation collapsed instantly. Tarki, who had held his ground against the human-form zombies, could not help but hesitate as the bears charged in on him.

Also, Azadine had handled the zombies without hindrances, but his arrows didn’t work as well against the bears.

-bang!

Like a javelin, the arrows pierced the bear’s body until only its tail feathers were visible. If this had been a normal bear, the pain and shock would have killed it.

However, this bear was completely unaffected and dashed toward them with the arrow still stuck in its body. Despite the muscles that were tearing apart and the wound that was caused by the arrow, the bear seemed to not care about it at all.

“Gasp!”

Tarki tried to dodge the bear that was charging at him by going to the side with his sword and shield, but the bear swung its front paw first. The attack caught the shield, and Tarki was sent flying away like a toy.

Like Aladdin falling from his flying carpet, Tarki crashed onto the ground.

“Gaaah!”

“Urgh!”

Kaka and Chico followed soon after. They tried to block the windows with their best efforts but met the same fate as Tarki. The window was smashed open and swept away as the bear rushed in, dropping bits and pieces of itself on the ground.

“Oh!?”

Maya, the Holy Knight captain, was startled and cast a spell.

- Strike of Divine Punishment!

A shining hammer appeared before her and hit the bear before exploding. Along with a roar, the bear’s front paws were snapped clean. With Azadine’s arrows stuck in it, its shoulders and torso were ripped apart, causing it to collapse.

As a Holy Knight of the King’s Church, and even among those, you could say that the power of her spell was worthy of the title of Captain, but… she was too close to the explosion.

“Aaaaah!”

Maya was swept away by the explosion caused by her own spell.

‘Is she an idiot?!’

She mentioned that she could have used magic to break the warehouse door down, but she would have been swept alongside it. The reason for that was quite clear now. She could probably use that magic only once.

Still, at least it managed to knock out the bear.

[Damn it. As expected, it was pretty impressive! But….]

After the bear’s charge, what followed was a stampede of undead forest beasts streaming in.

[I’ve got plenty of the undead left! Also!]

As the bear’s charge had caused a distraction, the wyverns flew down and landed on the warehouse roof.

[Hahaha. How about now! You people of Hubris! This is the power of the Messenger Clan that you loathed! How does it feel to face retaliation from the one you ridiculed and despised?]

She was smugly bragging about her impending victory.

However, just then…

“I’m sorry to say this, but you’re completely unaware of the power of our clan.”

[What?]

“If you’re talking about the true power of the clan… it’d be something like this.”

At that moment, the wyverns erupted into screams and collapsed.



* * *



The wyverns raised their tails with their poisonous stingers high toward the sky. Then they struck through the warehouse roof, piercing holes and pushing the poisonous stingers inside.

Azadine, Mediam, and Ismail were shooting their arrows from both the warehouse’s eaves or from inside the warehouse towards the outside. The wyverns aimed for them by sticking their poisonous stingers in and swinging them wildly.

However, Azadine managed to penetrate his shots through the warehouse’s roof and shot his arrows into their stomachs.

The bow was, after all, strong enough to launch an arrow through a bear’s body until only its tail feathers were left visible. Considering that it was now fired from such a close range, it was only obvious that the arrow would pierce through the wyvern and tear apart its internal organs.

[What is all this…]

The force and accuracy of the arrows from under the roof ripped through the wyverns without them even being visible. Just like that, Azadine, who had instantly shot the wyverns to death, jumped out of the warehouse.

“Look closely.”

Azadine pulled the arrow in his bow and shot it at the flying wyvern.

“Our bows have the power to even drop the stars in the skies…”

The arrow hit its mark, the flying wyvern, and hit the bone, breaking it and piercing through straight to the other side.

A young wyvern in its adolescent stage was the size of a giant calf. This wyvern now let out a shriek and fell on its face.

“Let’s assemble the arrows!”

Azadine pulled his two-stringed bow.

Two arrows hit the wyvern at the same time and cut off both its wings.

“We are the people of Aragasa, who even killed the Heavenly Kings upon the Emperor’s orders. The Messenger Clan is a name we are called by the people on the outside. If you belong to our clan, it is only right for you to call yourself by the name ‘Aragasa’.”

Azadine said this and shrugged his shoulders.

[Then that means you are…]

“My name is Azadine. I’m the 108th of the Emperor’s messengers.”

[Are you a messenger? The Emperor’s messenger?]

“Yes, I am.”

[Ha…hahahaha]

The dying wyvern, possessed by the spell caster, burst into laughter.



* * *



Medium had told Azadine that she would respect him even more if he had been able to persuade this spell caster, who had suffered due to being enslaved for so long just after being a member of the Messenger Clan.

However, she had made that bet simply because it would be virtually impossible to persuade the spell caster. Firstly, all those who came into contact with black magic would never return to who they once were.

Those who practiced black magic and dabbled in the power over death would always be able to sense the smell of death and become conscious of it at all times.

Opposite to other life forms who, in their lifetimes, only had their own lives on their minds, those who have touched the strength of black magic inevitably made their uses fall into melancholy. It kept them on their guard and made them conscious of the line between life and death.

Besides that, how would you even control the resentment and deep-seated grudge of someone mistreated as a slave?

Regardless of that, Azadine felt there was a little hope.

That little ray of hope was none other than ‘Pride’.

A person who had been abused by the people of Hubris for being part of the Messenger Clan had made mention of the power of said clan while exacting her revenge. Even if they hated being discriminated against, they could not help but feel an even stronger connection to their identity because of that.

After suffering such discrimination for being of the Messenger Clan, she must have inevitably become more fixated on the clan’s strengths. That was her way of protecting herself.

If so, in order to persuade this spell caster, Azadine would need to present the image of a member of the Messenger Clan that was proud of himself.

But was it possible?

It had been so long since the Messenger Clan lost its pride. Azadine was also someone despised among the members of said clan. This role didn’t suit someone incapable of feeling pride after being scorned by so many.

But most importantly, the problem was the spell caster’s heart.

How could you persuade a soul that had been twisted after enduring so much pain and suffering?





Black Magic Chaos (8)


‘But what will happen if he really persuades her?’

Mediam surprised herself with this thought.

After all, she hadn’t even considered the possibility.

What if Azadine really managed to persuade the spell caster? What would happen then?



* * *



[I’ve waited for 10,000 nights.]

The spell caster said this.

At the same time as her voice, the wyverns under her control were surrounded by dark energy.

[Ever since I was a young girl until today, I have waited for so long. For people from my clan to come find me and liberate me from this wretched life…]

It was the delusion of a girl who had suffered all her life. However, she could endure the constant abuse and humiliation since it had been her one ray of hope.

[But you people never came.]

When the wish she had prayed for in her heart for 10,000 nights never came true, a sense of betrayal and resentment must have begun to fill her mind. The extremity of those negative feelings was what caused the undead to rise.

The wyverns, who had been instantly killed by Azadine’s arrows, rose up again as undead beasts. The bear, which had also collapsed just moments ago, rose up as undead as well.

“I am sorry. I am sorry that you had to endure the insults and abuse inflicted on those of our clan all by yourself.”

Azadine offered her his apologies. It had only been three months since he had become a messenger and taken on those duties. Before that, he had never had such responsibilities on his shoulders.

He was, therefore, completely ignorant of what had happened here to this woman.

The circumstances were where no one could take responsibility even if they wanted to.

Yet, Azadine couldn’t allow himself to make any excuses.

Considering the suffering she had gone through, no excuse would have made any sense to her.

[…]

Was it because of Azadine’s apology? The undead that had been raised simply stood in a daze, not attacking anyone around them.

[As I thought, I can’t forgive you. I’ve now dabbled in black magic and will rid everything from existence by killing all that is living. Only death will comfort this suffering and pain of mine.]

The wyverns and the bear that had transformed into undead began to release unpleasant and tumultuous energy.

Were they getting ready to attack?

Azadine let out a sigh.

“Where were your children sold and sent to?”

[I didn’t give birth to them because I wanted to! They were children made from the people of Hubris who raped me!]

“But those children would have to suffer as well simply because they have the blood of the Aragasa flowing in their veins. Like you, they would live as slaves for ten thousand nights or more. They would have to endure the same humiliation and disgrace. Like you, they will loathe the clan that didn’t come to save them. If you don’t wish your children to suffer the same pain and suffering… surrender to me and tell me about them.”

[…]

“I swear I will find and rescue your children in the name of Emperor Yaeslat. If you spent ten thousand nights in pain and suffering, do you not wish something different for your children?”

Hearing these words from Azadine, the darkness began to shake.

[You mean, I-I… my children? I can save my children? Is that possible?]

“Yes, it is possible. I told you, didn’t I? We, the Aragasa, can bring down the stars and even kill the Heavenly Kings. The people of Hubris may loathe us, but that’s because even under their contempt, we do not lose sight of our faith.”

“…”

“…”

Mediam and Ismail, who heard Azadine’s words, were rendered speechless.

‘Look at him. At least don’t lie, won’t you?’

‘Faith? Have we ever had such a thing?’

As a member of one of the founding families of the Messenger Clan, even Mediam could say without hesitation that the clan Azadine spoke of simply didn’t exist.

A messenger’s duty was only forced upon them because of the curse.

The Clan’s founders had merely chased after money and power.

Once they recovered the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth, they would lift the curse of duty that had been enforced upon them. Then, with their overwhelming power, they would take over this land. Afterward, they would pay back the agony and suffering that they had gone through under the people of Hubris.

In all of that, there was no pride in their actions, only greed. Yet Azadine tried calming down the spell caster by acting like an honorable Emperor’s messenger who had pride in his position.

Liar.

However, Azadine’s words seemed so sincere that even they wanted to believe him.

Honor and pride would transcend even the most painful hurt and loss.

If one had that, then perhaps…

[I will surrender.]

Everyone doubted their ears at that moment.

A broken container could never return back to its original state. Someone could make a world’s worth of effort to fill it back up, but it no longer held any value.

A broken human was even more so.

Moreover, if black magic is involved, that human’s soul gets corrupted and damaged, and it would be impossible to be of any use ever again. But the spell caster, who’d been subjected to hatred and violated her dignity, filling her with resentment, let go of any animosity and surrendered to Azadine.

[I put my trust in your pride and honor and request you to rescue the children I gave birth to but couldn’t embrace.]

She made this petition to Azadine, the Emperor’s messenger. As she surrendered to Azadine, the undead collapsed, and the fog around the forest cleared away.

It was an astounding victory. Of course, the price for it was a grave promise. The promise to rescue her children. This promise made with the name of the Emperor, honor, and pride could never be broken.

A woman walked out towards Azadine from the forest and kneeled in front of him politely as she held out both her hands. Looking at her kneeling in full supplication, Azadine approached her.

“Rest assured. Your children are a part of our clan, so how could we turn a blind eye to the pain and humiliation of our people?”

Azadine lowered himself into the same posture in front of her and held her hand with his head bowed. A wound on her hand had something similar to black mycelium growing out of it.

It wasn’t just limited to that… they were growing all over her body. It was beyond what a human would be able to tolerate.

She should already be dead, though she didn’t seem aware of this.

“How many children do you have? Do you remember who or exactly which merchants from what company bought and took them away?”

[Yes. I don’t remember it all perfectly, but I wrote down some notes and hid them in the warehouse so I wouldn’t forget. It’s just that…]

“How did you get your power?”

[I received it from a magic book that kept whispering to me. The book called itself a copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth.]

“… did you just say the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth?”

Azadine was puzzled by those words. Was she saying she learned black magic through the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth?

That was impossible. Black magic was strictly forbidden, whether it was the Heavenly Kings of Yaegas’ Church or the Rescue Knights.

So how could there be a power of black magic from the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth?

[I’ll return the Magic Book. Kindly…]

However, she wasn’t able to finish her words.

-’ Flower, Bird, Wind, Moon! Flames of Autumn Fields!’

Suddenly, the forests around the sawmill began to catch fire.

—-

[Aaaaah!]

Already in a state close to death, the heat of the flames caused the woman to scream and collapse in pain.

“This!”

As soon as Azadine stood up, a clear voice rang through the air.

“Ah, hahaha. How idiotic of you, Azadine. That woman is not one of our people. What, is it because you couldn’t use magic that you couldn’t even realize that?”

A messenger wearing a hawk mask had a bone wand in their hand. It was a bone wand imbued with a searching spell to find the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth.

That in itself was surprising, but behind him were members of the Korasar Peddler Guild. Members of one of the founding families, the Savan, stood there armed with weapons in significant numbers.

“Ah, it seems that you didn’t recognize me since I didn’t attend the summer festival. I will introduce myself. I am Calypso, the 106th messenger.”

“What are you trying to do?”

“As you can already see, I am exorcizing evil and gathering copies of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth.”

“But I’m pretty sure this is my jurisdiction.”

“Yes, yet according to rumors I have heard, you are so incompetent that you couldn’t bring about any results. On top of that, you could also not stop your servant from acting recklessly.”

As he listened to Calypso, he noted a few familiar-looking servants standing behind him. Among them were Azadine’s peers, who Mediam had threatened with a knife. The tea merchant they had before was also in attendance. The common factor around them was that they all belonged to the Korasa Peddler Guild and had been humiliated by Mediam after she threatened them with her knife.

Those who despised Azadine and had been embarrassed by Mediam had come to find them alongside Calypso.

“Um.”

Azadine looked at the spell caster at his feet. The culprit behind this Black Magic Chaos was already dead and had returned to her original appearance.

“That woman’s body doesn’t contain the magic book of Flower, Bird, Wind, Moon. I have already searched for it, and she is not Aragasa. You can thank me for that. I mean, there is no need to sort out the mess between the people of Hubris for no reason, is there? How dare you use the Emperor’s name for the people of Hubris. Hoo, hoo.”

Between Azadine and Calypso appeared a pure white piece of paper. It had come out from the dead spell caster, to be exact. A copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth had appeared.

“Ah… so it came out. As expected.”

Calypso placed the bone wand into his inner pocket and stretched his hand toward the page, but…

As if choosing its own owner, the copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth floated towards Azadine.

“…”

Calypso’s lips twitched.

“I guess it recognizes its true owner after all. It is magical indeed. Well, that’s expected of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth!”

Mediam teased as she placed an arrow on her bow.

-’ Flower, Bird, Wind, and Moon! Rain of May!’

The arrow she shot landed in the middle of the fire in the forest, and within a moment, a rain shower descended, extinguishing the fire on one side in one go. However, because it consumed a large amount of magical power, Mediam broke into a cold sweat.

“…ugh.”

Regardless, she didn’t want to lose, so she didn’t collapse and pretended to be fine while turning around.

“You people too, if you’re really Aragasa, stop burning the Emperor’s land for no reason and extinguish the fire! Aren’t you the least ashamed of setting fire to a forest when there’s a drought?”

“Shut it, daughter of the Ethar. Who do you think you’re preaching to, you little rascal?”

“What?”

“I’m a messenger, and you’re a servant. I don’t care if you’re an Ethar or whatever. How dare a lowly servant tell a messenger what to do, huh?”

The servants who had accompanied him were happy at Calpyso’s words. How angry must they have been at being humiliated by Mediam to bring a messenger, Calypso, with them?

Mediam had used her position as a servant of the messenger Azadine to suppress those servants. Now it seemed that the opposing side was planning to do the same using Calypso.

However, Azadine came forward.

“I’ll train my servant according to my own judgment, Calypso. I’m pretty sure you were… one grade lower than me, right?”

Calypso was a year younger than Azadine.

‘So it’s a fight between old men.’

Ismail found this absurd situation hilarious.

When Calypso had used his position as messenger to dictate a servant, Azadine had replied by using their respective ages.

“While that is true, I rank higher than you.”

“The problem here isn’t a ranking among messengers. More importantly, if you actually conducted an investigation, you must know where this woman’s children were sold to, right?”

“…What? You’re really going to do that? That woman is a person of Hubris. She’s not Aragasa.”

“But I’ve received a copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth. One could say it’s a treasure of equal or even higher value than the Emperor’s Coins. Ignoring and gobbling it up by ignoring the wishes of the person I received it from after they made a request is…”

Azadine clicked his tongue.

“My pride wouldn’t allow it.”

“How amusing. The clan’s biggest incompetent actually has pride, huh?”

Calypso stared at Azadine.

“I can tell you if you hand over the copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth.”

“What if I don’t want to?”

“Then how about betting it over a duel?”

“A duel? Between messengers?”

“Yeah. You bet that copy of Heavenly King’s Book of Truth along with that daughter of Ethar. I’ll bet the information you want about the current whereabouts of that woman’s children and my rank. If you win against me, you’ll be the 106th messenger.”

“And if you win? What’s the point of betting on the daughter of Ethar?”

“I’ll obtain a copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth and take that rude servant of yours as my servant. I will teach her a lesson to respect those above her and to respect the clan’s businesses as well.”

As those words left Calypso’s mouth, the servants standing behind him smiled wickedly.





Black Magic Chaos (9)


It seemed that Calpyso was looking forward to tormenting Mediam as a servant for a long time.

“How to respect those superior to you, you say… but you see, looking at our class, you’re my junior, so shouldn’t we start with you regarding and respecting me as your superior? You burst into the area under my jurisdiction, and as soon as you do, you obstruct my work.”

“It’s not an obstruction. I’m just giving you a hand. I told you that the woman’s not one of our people.”

“No, she is one of us.”

“What?”

“She endured ten thousand nights in the name of the Aragasa. If we abandoned this person after she persevered alone through the harassment directed at our clan, simply because she’s not part of our bloodline, that would be a blemish on the Aragasa’s honor.”

“…”

Mediam felt admiration for Azadine’s words.

‘It’s hard to put it into words… but it is clear.’

As an Aragasa, Mediam held little fondness for the people of Hubris. Yet, when their knights looted and tormented the civilians and left them behind when danger came, Azadine had said that protecting the people of Hubris was a beautiful thing to do.

At the time, she thought it was just a pithy statement. After all, she was of the Ethar family. As an aristocrat within the Messenger Clan, she simply regarded other aristocrats who could not fulfill their duties as pathetic.

However, seeing Azadine try so hard to protect an oath he didn’t have to fulfill at this moment… His beautiful philosophy was something that Mediam could feel.

‘I would not walk away from her after she had persevered through the humiliation befitting an Aragasa, even if our blood doesn’t flow in her veins.’

The honor and pride within him were not just a lie he used to calm down a vengeful spirit.

Mediam could feel the nobility of his philosophy at this sincere show of pride and honor. Yet, this was a time when such beautiful philosophies were ridiculed. Calypso and the servants who followed him merely snorted in derision.

“So, a punk like you will decide about the Honor of the Aragasa? The biggest incompetent in the clan, huh?”

Azadine shook his head,

“Regardless of what you guys say, I’m not fighting that duel. Get lost. I’m busy.”

After saying that, Azadine turned towards Mediam and Ismail.

“This woman said she left a journal, right? Let’s find that. If we find that, there’s nothing those people can offer us.”

“Wait! This bastard! Are you underestimating me? The Korasar Peddler Guild’s information network is way better than a slave woman’s writings! You’ll never find them without the information I have. Duel me!”

“The copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth already chose me. I won’t bet it no matter what you say.”

“Ugh…”

Azadine could clearly see what Calpyso’s true desire was. They only wished for this duel to gain the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth.

“Okay then, Azadine. You win. Fight a duel with me with just the Heavenly King’s Book on the line! If I win, you give it up, and if you win… I’ll liberate the children of that woman who’s not even a part of our clan and, if possible, take them to the sanctuary. How about that? A pretty attractive deal, isn’t it?”

“Ho~?”

Azadine was surprised at this offer.

“That’s definitely enticing.”

“Hahaha. Is that so? Then will you duel me with the Heavenly King’s Book on the line?”

“Hm, okay. Then just this time… I’ll bet on the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth. However, you would not only rescue this woman’s children that were sold as slaves, but you also need to become their guardian and raise them as impressive Aragasas, okay?”

“Oh? Okay. That’s not a big deal.”

Calypso was visibly elated as Azadine accepted the duel offer. He could now legitimately claim the copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth away from Azadine. This pleased him as he considered Azadine a joke.

‘Even if he was trained by the mysterious Elder Kazas, wasn’t he still rumored to be the clan’s biggest incompetent? I thought coming this far was all in vain, but it turned out to be quite profitable. To think that my opponent is an idiot like him.’

Calypso couldn’t even comprehend the thought of losing.

Was it not understandable from his point of view? His opponent was Azadine, the clan’s incompetent fool. Losing to such an opponent was unimaginable.

“How do you want to do it? Should we officially start after taking 100 steps?”

“No, how troublesome. Let’s do it right now. After all, only the copy of the Heavenly King’s Book and this matter are at stake, right? Our ranks aren’t even on the line, so let’s keep it simple.”

“Yeah? Okay.”

At that instant.

-Bang!

With a deafening sound, Calypso’s head was smashed into the ground.

Azadine snorted and brought his hands together.



* * *



“Huh?!”

Maya, the Captain of the Salasma Parish of the King’s Church, opened her eyes in surprise.

“Ugh…”

Her whole body was filled with pain. This was caused by her usage of the offensive magic spell, the Strike of Divine Punishment. She had been swept away by her own spell, making it also harm herself.

The Strike of Divine Punishment couldn’t hurt a Holy Knight of the King’s Church directly. The problem was the shock wave that was released from the spell’s power. She had been swept away and knocked out by that shock wave.

“What happened?”

She looked around at her surroundings. She had fainted while fighting against the undead, so she should already be dead by all rights. Yet she was inside a small carriage. The place itself was too real to be heaven or any kind of afterlife.

“Urgh.”

“Ungh …”

The siblings, Kaka and Chico, also woke up and looked around.

“Ah, you’re awake too.”

The driver of the carriage said in relief.

“What happened?”

“Oh, the thing is…”



* * *



The members of the Korasar Peddler Guild were simple servants, but they took pride in being people of the Messenger Clan.

One of the five founding families, the Savan, supported them. Unlike other messengers who traveled without money, they earned their own keep. With the power from that money, they could even hire mercenaries and purchase land. They could do as they wished and live without regrets.

But Mediam had hurt their pride.

‘Don’t you servants dare talk back to the messenger?’

It was already an immense humiliation. This was doubled by the fact that Mediam was of the Ethar, a rival of the Savan family. On top of that, the messenger that she had defended was Azadine.

Azadine was the son of Acre, the Traitor. Acre was the culprit who had scattered the hard-won copies of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth from atop the World’s Heart Mountains, wasting the sacrifices made by the people of the Messenger Clan. The Great Sinner of Aragasa.

Although his children couldn’t be held accountable for his crimes, the powerless Azadine had become the object of everyone’s hatred. He was also loathed for his deformed eyeless body.

Treating someone like that as a messenger?

Angered by this, these servants joined hands with Calpyso, a messenger who had been in their proximity.

The messenger, Calypso, was a wise messenger who maintained amicable relations with the Savan Family as he was aware of the money and influence they possessed. And yet…

-Plop!

That very same Calypso had passed out after a single swing of Azadine’s fist. Well, at least that’s what they assumed. In reality, they couldn’t see what Azadine had done.

He wasn’t within attacking reach, yet a light swing of his hand was enough to knock out Calypso.

‘Oh? But he’s not within his arm’s reach?’

‘Did he have a weapon hidden somewhere?’

It took all of them a while to come to their senses.

“Okay then, now keep your promise.”

“Ah, wa-wait!”

“It-it was a surprise attack!”

They clearly wanted to deny it as a surprise attack. Yet, an Emperor’s messenger would be disgraced if any injury was caused to them, even if it was due to ambush or poison.

“How can you claim it was a surprise attack when we agreed on the exchange and even the process just before this? Are you people trying to tarnish Calypso’s honor as a messenger?”

Mediam blatantly sneered at their claim and refuted it sarcastically.

“No, they’re right. It was a surprise attack.”

Azadine agreed with them.

“He’s lying down there without any other injuries because it was a surprise attack. If I’d hit him any other way, his head would have flown off.”

“…”

Mediam and Ismail knew very well that Azadine was not joking and was completely serious. Calypso was fortunate to simply be passed out after a surprise blow from Azadine. In a serious fight, permanent damage would have been inevitable.

“How can you bluff so…”

“Oh?”

The servants who thought Azadine was bluffing finally got the hint when they saw Mediam and Ismail’s cautious expressions.

“Okay then, the members of the Korasar Peddler Guild! Give me the sources.”

“Do you mean the information source?”

“Yeah.”

“But we didn’t bring those with us because we didn’t think we could lose.”

“…”

At that moment, Ismail reappeared with a small wooden box from inside the warehouse.

“Looks like this is it, right?”

“Hm…”

Inside were umbilical cords that were wrapped in bandages. Attached to them was information about the children’s birth dates and the names of the merchant groups they were sold to.

“Is this correct?”

“Yes. That’s correct.”

“Seeing this, I can recall some of the information. Basically…”

The members of the Korasar Peddler Guild recalled the information from their memories. They wrote down the approximate locations of the children who had been sold.

These children had been sold because they were thought to have the blood of the Messenger Clan. Even with that, however, it was not easy to keep slaves in major cities. Merchant groups with traceable records would only trade slaves in villages that they frequented.

“It’s unexpectedly close.”

“Yes. The Holy Knights of the King’s Church wouldn’t tolerate having the Aragasa even as slaves, so except for the major cities those guys frequent, well… It’s pretty much the same. The slave trade can’t be done out in the open, so obviously.”

“Great. How about we take care of the wounded now?”

Azadine examined Kaka, Chico, Tarki, and Captain Maya. They had all been wounded and were suffering in silence for a while.

Tarki had collided with the bear head-on but didn’t suffer any serious injuries because he had been wearing full body armor made of malleable metal. However, he still fainted from the shock.

“Um.”

Azadine focused his vision. His eyesight had a particular characteristic. The further he attempted to see, the narrower his vision could focus. As he looked closer, the angle of his vision widened, allowing him to see in a 360-degree range around him.

With proper focus, he could even see under the skin.

“There’s internal bleeding but no fractures. He’ll be okay.”

Azadine then looked at Kaka and Chico. They were both gasping for breath even after they lost consciousness.

The problem was that their spears had been pushed back, striking their abdomens as they collided with the bear. Their injuries were more serious than Tarki’s, despite him having been tossed into the air.

“Still, they won’t die, though it’ll take quite a while for them to heal completely.”

Following this, Azadine did a full examination of Maya. Maya’s physical condition was fine, but the potential issue was her mental state. She had been, after all, swept away by the explosion of her own Divine Magic.

‘Don’t the Holy Knights of the King’s Church avoid teaching Divine Magic immediately? They typically focus on combat skills and teach a few things to ensure they are compatible with the trainee. Because of that, she used that spell at close range instead of other magic and suffered from it. She could have easily escaped from the warehouse if she knew other spells.’

Ismail asked Azadine a question while he examined Maya’s wounds.

“Do we really have to save a Holy knight too?”

“I killed this Lady’s father as well… I don’t want to annihilate an entire family for no reason. Not to mention, others will ask questions if you kill a Holy Knight, so will you just murder all of them?”

If they killed the Holy Knight, they would need to make an excuse to Kaka and Chico or murder them. Azadine, who believed in the three great archangels, wanted to avoid unnecessary bloodshed.

Ultimately, they let them live and restarted their journey using a carriage from the Korasar Peddler Guild.





The Curse Of Service (1)


Calypso woke up with a bitter expression on his face. His head was dizzy, and he felt nauseous.

“Did I lose?”

“Well, it wasn’t exactly losing…”

The servants from the Korasar Peddlers Guild found themselves in an awkward situation.

Should they tell the truth as it was? That he was knocked out in a single blow?

At that moment, Azadine spoke,

“Keep your promise now, Calypso.”

“Ye-Yes, I will.”

Suffering a crushing defeat from a single blow of Azadine’s surprise attack frustrated him to no end, but… there was no way he could fight again in his current condition. The injuries inflicted after just one swing of Azadine’s fist were no joke. He didn’t have the courage or confidence to go against him in this state.

“Take the children on this list to Sanctuary and become their guardian. If they say they won’t go to Sanctuary and are living affluent lives, look into their guardians. I trust there are no hard feelings??”

“Not at all. I’m a messenger, after all. I won’t just go back on my words that easily.”

Calypso clicked his tongue while he was grumbling.

“What’s with you now? That’s unexpected of you. You’re being respectful. huh?”

“I gave it some thought and realized that it was only right to treat you as my senior since your generation preceded mine.”

Calypso was in a position now where if he insulted Azadine, it would be the same as laying down on his back and spitting into the air. Instead of that, it would be better for him to respect Azadine.

“Bu-But how’d you become like this? I mean, Senior, you can’t even use the powers of the Beauties of Nature, Flower, Bird, Wind, and Moon, can you? Or was it really …Elder Kazas?”

Azadine’s master, Elder Kazas, was an enigmatic elder in Sanctuary as not a single person there had ever seen his face. Even in the Senate, only his name was written down, as he had never made an appearance.

So when someone like him suddenly appeared to force Azadine into the position of messenger and then disappeared again, it was inevitable that people would curse at him. Yet, after being knocked out in a single blow by Azadine, Calypso was sure this was due to Elder Kazas’s teachings.

“Well, I’m not in a place to tell anyone about Master. When the time comes, he’ll make his own move. More importantly, thanks for your cooperation. On my end, I will check on the kids in the area on the way to Salasma. I’ll leave the other side to you.”

“Yes, Senior.”

Was it because he had been defeated so soundly? Calypso was immediately obeying Azadine’s orders and even called him Senior.

“Ah, right, I almost forgot. Where’d you get that bone wand?”

“Some followers of the Kurt clan had it. I killed them and confiscated the wand.”

“Is that so? Um, as expected, it is a mass-produced item.”

“I guess you must have gotten one too, Senior. Then, this one.”

“Use this one for yourself. As you move around, you still need to retrieve the copies of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth.”

“Yes. Okay then. Let’s strive to end this mission as soon as possible.”

Calypso gave Azadine his greetings and respects before leaving first alongside his subordinates.

Azadine, who saw Calypso’s party off, moved to carry the injured into a carriage from the Korasar Peddlers Guild and departed from the sawmill.

“But it was all extremely unusual.”

Mediam grumbled as she looked at the devastated sawmill.

“The dead came back to life, causing a chaos of black magic that killed the living. Well, it’s not like those particular people didn’t deserve it. A copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth popped up, and the Kurt Clan also caused that mess. This whole region is suffering from drought. Doesn’t all of this seem like bad omens forecasting an impending catastrophe?”

“They’re not just omens. The catastrophe’s already started.”

As Azadine touched the copy of the Heavenly King’s Book of Truth inside his inner pocket, he had a hunch that the future would not be smooth.



* * *



Maya was shocked as she heard the chatter of the Korasar Peddlers Guild members inside the carriage.

“You mean you rescued us? And also defeated those undead?”

“Yeah. Fortunately, we had some hired mercenaries with us. Not to mention that you guys had already handled a lot of the undead.”

The members of the Korasar Peddlers Guild were sharing a story they had planned with Azadine.

They had arrived right after Tarki, Kaka, Chico, and Maya collapsed, and the undead had immediately fled the scene. They had also found a woman’s corpse buried under an old, dried-up tree. Digging the body up cleared the dark energy engulfing the forest.

That was the story they agreed upon.

“So the cause of the black magic chaos was that woman’s corpse, huh? Hm… Ah! Do you happen to know what happened to my horse?”

“The wyverns ate your horse, but we did retrieve the saddle bag.”

“Ah.”

Maya sighed as she looked at the saddle bag, the only remnant of the ordeal. The saddle bag the merchants had retrieved had also belonged to her father, Sir Kazrek.

“…”

It was probably too difficult to find Sir Kazrek at this point.

“So, for now, I’ll have to return to Salasma. Are you people going to Salasma?”

“We’re peddlers and work close to this place, but at the junction of the roads, we’ll introduce you to merchants headed to Salasma.”

“That’d be great. Thank you for your kindness.”

“Don’t mention it. With the other merchants out of the way, our profits are going great.”

That part wasn’t just lip service. The black magic chaos over the sawmill had caused the other farms inside the forest to be quarantined. When the Korasar Peddlers Guild arrived and sold goods at low prices, they would earn plenty of profit.

“We’re about to get to the Continental Road, so it’d be better for you to rest in an inn or someplace like that if you’re feeling better now. After all, the carriage is just…”

For merchants, any empty space in the carriage was equivalent to losing money. Instead of keeping their goods, they allowed the injured on board. With just this one act, they had already incurred a huge loss simply to aid them.

Even though Kaka and Chico’s conditions hadn’t exactly improved, the party could no longer depend on them after hearing that fact.

“By the way…”

Kaka turned to look at Azadine.

“No matter how we look at it, you definitely don’t seem like a normal pilgrim. See, my younger sister… this is a bit embarrassing, but she’s a bit of a fortune teller and can foresee the future.”

“Huh?”

Azadine expressed his confusion through his face. People who claimed they could see the future or tell someone’s fortune were typically fraudsters.

But Chico said this to Azadine.

“You’ll probably become a Great Knight in the future. Or maybe you already are one.”

“A Great Knight?”

Azadine was a messenger of the Emperor, someone who could never become a knight in his lifetime. Not to mention, a Great Knight simply does not exist in this era.

This was an age where chivalry was ridiculed. For her to tell a person who could never even dream of becoming a knight that he would become a Great Knight…

The Korasar Peddlers Guild members found this claim so preposterous that they could only laugh. Yet Mediam’s chill gaze made them quiet down quickly as they recalled the memory of her knife at their throats.

‘Damn it. All this because Calypso’s too injured.’

‘That Azadine can’t use magic, so he must’ve at least mastered martial arts. How could he foolishly agree to duel him in a close-range fight? That moronic punk.’

The members of the Korasar Peddlers Guild now had a grudge against Calypso for upsetting the apple cart with such an absurd mistake. However, one among them had a different thought.

‘But even if Calypso was caught off guard, could someone like me still have knocked him out with a single blow?’

Calypso still hadn’t recovered from the attack.

‘Azadine couldn’t even perform basic tasks when he was young, yet how…’

Azadine might have had the most horrendous reputation. Still, at least the people present there were well aware of his truly extraordinary skills.

“Okay then. We’ll be departing to report this to the Cell Sword Guild, so we’ll see you next time. Brother, aren’t you going to head for Salasma?”

“Ah, that’s right.”

“Then you can leave together with the Captain.”

“Ugh.”

Tarki was hesitant to answer. Azadine and his party, being people of the Messenger Clan, wouldn’t want to travel with a Holy Knight Captain. If Tarki traveled along with Maya from there, it was highly likely that he would have to part ways with Azadine.

He could return to Salasma with either his party of merchants or the Holy Knights. However, he was scared of dying at the hands of his ambitious siblings if he happened to meet them on the way.

Traveling with the merchants would keep him safe from thieves and bandits, but there would be no way to avoid any attacks from his half-siblings, who would spare no effort. Under no circumstances would the Holy Knight or the merchants fight the Count’s other children just to protect him.

However, thankfully, his would-be companion Maya rejected that proposal.

“No. After all, I… will have to go look for my Father, who might or might not be close by. Please, all of you, leave for Salasma first without me.”

Having said this, Maya started her journey on foot along the path that the party had come from. She was headed toward the direction of the gateway that was blocked by the Rescue Knights.

“…will a woman be okay all on her own?”

“Well, she is a Holy Knight, after all, so she should be okay, right?”

At that moment, Azadine’s expression darkened.

“Huh, what is it? Azadine? No way, are you worried about that Holy Knight?”

“No, it’s not that…”

Azadine was in utter astonishment.

‘I can’t hear the Emperor’s Voice.’

The artificially created spirit, The Emperor’s Voice, was at the base of the Emperor’s system for messengers.

It was an extremely useful spirit that would give advice within the limitations of the Emperor’s rules, find and convey the location of the petitioners to the messengers and inform them of the date and time as well.

Yet, for some reason, he hadn’t been able to hear the Emperor’s Voice since that morning.

‘I can’t even talk about this with anyone. What’s happening?’

Azadine was in complete confusion as to why something like this was happening.