
Archibald shook his head.

“You wouldn’t have even managed to activate it in time to save Aleyn. Dwelling on it doesn’t help anyone.”

Elaine didn’t say anything, looking down at her feet. The two remained there for another few minutes, before he spoke again.

“What are you planning to do now? Will you keep going on missions?”

The girl tilted her head up, giving him a firm look.

“No. Perhaps you are right. Even if I had mastered Circulation, maybe it wouldn’t have made a difference. But it might the next time. Or the one after.”

She clenched her fists before continuing.

“I won’t leave the mansion until I master it too.”

***

Archibald was sitting cross-legged in the inner garden, basking under the gentle radiance of the jade tree. Tossing the prized treasure a glance, he remembered what he had told Percy over a year ago.

‘I can’t give up the tree on a gamble. Let alone you, even if it was Elaine having a second core, I couldn’t do that. The tree might help me protect our family next year. Your second core might need centuries to pay off, if it ever does.’

The words already rang hollow as they echoed in his head, making him chuckle. Mere months after he’d said that, Percy had brought Circulation back from Huehue, helping him grow far stronger than he ever would through the tree.

‘Let’s not waste it then.’

Taking a deep breath, he spent a moment appreciating the refreshing fragrance with its minty aftertaste, before guiding the dense mana to his channels. Not long after, green lines glowed under his skin, swirling and branching out like vines.

Next, he placed his palms against each other, as he sent a wave of mana rippling through his body, before bouncing off his skin and towards his hands. Soon, a small verdant bubble the size of a pea formed, softly pulsing like a tiny heart.

Archibald normally only maintained 60 clones – a mere quarter of what he was capable of – to ensure he still had access to 75% of his mana reserves at any given time.

However, now that he had the option of falling back to Circulation in a pinch, he had decided to double the number of clones he had on standby. The fact he could create them faster using the technique was a nice bonus too.

As for the tree – its main purpose was providing inspiration to life users when developing their spells. Archibald already possessed a top-tier Secret Art combining his magic and his bloodline, but with Circulation and twice as many clones, he was aiming to improve upon it.

‘You kids won’t be the only ones getting stronger…’

Whatever happened, he was the patriarch of the family. He’d keep them all safe at any cost. As for the next poor fool who decided to mess with them…

He was in for a nasty surprise.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

IMPORTANT NOTE: You guys might have noticed something strange with the novel's title xD Long story short, Bacon (the author of Runeblade) is a friend of mine and we decided to switch our titles up as a joke for a couple of days. I just want to emphasize this is all in good fun, so please don't send any mean messages or comments to him.

Chapter 44 – Opportunity

A note from PathOfPen

Fiction Page Isekai. LitRPG. Strong to Stronger. Male MC. Fantasy. Magic. Devour. Outlaw Society.

Skill-Eater: Prison World Saga [An Isekai LitRPG]

Other men call them monsters. He calls them lunch.

Edge never expected to find himself stranded on the most dangerous planet in inhabited space. A world where artifacts known as cores let their bearers wield the planet’s magic. Where skills grant superhuman abilities and kaiju roam the wilds.

In the aftermath of an unprecedented magical disaster, he wakes up alone in a monster-infested wilderness, standing on the bottom of the food chain. But he won’t be there for long.

After finding a unique core known as Skill-Eater, Edge gains the power to steal the skills of monsters, men, and beasts, and a chance to fight his way up to the top.

It seems that his luck has finally changed, although he will soon learn that power never comes without a price.

The thing about quarterstaffs was they were two-handed weapons. Suffice to say, dual wielding one with a sickle was more than a little awkward. Detrimental even – as it got in Percy’s way more often than not, preventing him from landing sure blows with his deadlier tool.

Of course, he couldn’t help it either. He had considered simply not using it, but the Parting Gift couldn’t block incoming attacks, so the flimsy rod was essentially his only defence against the venomous stingers of the Starry Workers. Although he was currently working on changing that.

‘I’m not going to bother with a different weapon.’

The reason he’d even created it to begin with, was Micky’s influence still fresh on his mind after Huehue, coupled with his first core being unavailable for a long time. The staff had been his only means of attack back then, and it had served him well against the wood goblins.

However, his fighting style was still rough around the edges, pieced together out of whatever scraps he could recall from his friend’s demonstration. His lacking pair of limbs didn’t help much either. Not to mention his grade being much lower than Micky’s too, so the poor excuse of a weapon just wouldn’t cut it against the wasps. He reasoned it might be worth revisiting the Quarterstaff in the future, after his second core advanced to Orange, but for now he’d rather retire it.

‘This time, let’s go with something purely defensive.’

Strictly speaking, his requirements for the replacement were rather modest. He only needed something to block a blow or two, to give him a chance to counterattack. Something that wouldn’t get in the way as much. The thought of forming some kind of armour with his pure mana was appealing, though he understood he lacked the capacity to cover his whole body. Instead, he settled for something smaller.

‘Will this even hold?’ he frowned, looking at his right fist coated in a film of cyan.

The construct was poorly made. It was more akin to a cast than a glove right now as he couldn’t twitch a single finger in it, but he’d rather confirm it worked as protection before trying to improve its design. He lifted his eyes, gazing at the bug locked in an aerial confrontation with his familiar, before shrugging.

‘Only one way to find out, I suppose.’

Activating Circulation, he dashed in, telling the crow to disengage. The wasp didn’t seem to mind either, more than happy to switch targets. Percy could have dodged the incoming lunge but didn’t. Instead, he swung his hand to brush the stinger aside, bracing himself for the worst.

Had this been his first day on the second level, he would have missed, as it was much harder to time the parry with such a small surface area than it was with the rod. However, he’d grown used to the bugs’ movements by now, so the blows connected without issue.

He felt the material crumble under the pressure, but it held better than the staff. That was promising, considering his new construct still had plenty of room for improvement.

Pushing the wasp away, he tossed a fleeting glance at his hand. The impact had left a deep and wide groove into the construct. Percy directed more mana to repair the cast before taunting the bug to attack again.

The two exchanged blows for about ten minutes, as the young man tested the limits of his new spell, before his stamina began to decline. Only then did he finally seize the next opening, finishing the bug with his sickle. He gestured Micky to enjoy his meal, before plopping down on the mushroom’s cap, analysing what he’d learned.

‘I don’t think it’s safe to block a direct stab with it, but brushing the stingers from the side is more than doable.’

The cast lasted a couple of blows before it came close to shattering. It was only when Percy had pushed for a third in a row without fixing it that he’d risked getting injured. It cost less mana to form and repair, plus it let him use the sickle better too.

‘It’s definitely worth working on it, but it’s going to take a while to perfect.’

He’d never made anything this intricate with mana before. The finalized glove would involve lots of interconnected pieces, to protect all the joints in his hand without impairing their movement.

‘Still, if I can use both constructs with the same hand it’s going to make everything a lot easier.’

***

By nightfall, the duo had taken 20 wasps down, surpassing their previous limit once more.

Just over a week after joining the Guild, Percy had already reached the higher end of what was viewed as possible for an Orange core. He was still far from his goal, but at least his new constructs were much better suited for hunting the bugs. Moreover, he was getting more accustomed to both their fighting style and to keeping Circulation active for longer.

And his personal kit wasn’t the only thing he was working on. Micky had yet to kill a single wasp by himself, but he was getting closer. His agile opponents were a terrible match for the crow, which was why Percy was still reluctant to let him fight unsupervised. That said, the familiar had not gotten himself in trouble over the last couple of days, having grown better at dodging the last-minute lunges of the bugs. In fact, he’d almost managed to clip their wings a few times. Percy estimated the crow would achieve his first solo kill before long, at which point they could split up and adjust their strategy.

Entering the settlement, his attention was drawn to a crowd that had gathered around somebody. He counted a couple dozen people, most of them in yellow robes – not very surprising as they made up the majority of the Guild members. Still, he spotted a handful of Green and Orange cores too.

‘What’s this about?’ Percy raised an eyebrow, his curiosity piqued.

Approaching them, he noticed everyone held a leaflet, chatting loudly.

‘Must be a good thing to get them so excited.’

In fact, they seemed to be in such a good mood they didn’t even frown upon seeing him, instead letting him pass unobstructed.

‘Ok, now it’s getting weird.’

The person at the centre of the crowd – a Blue core holding the stack of leaflets – handed him one with a smile.

“Free introductory lesson to alchemy?” Percy’s eyes widened as he read the heading aloud. “Seriously?”

The guy nodded.

“Normally, each lesson costs about 1000 contribution points, but the Guild likes to sponsor them every now and then to encourage people to get into it. After all, alchemists are precious, and we need as many as we can get.”

Percy smirked.

“Then why even charge people in the first place?”

“Because this isn’t a charity. Those giving the lessons are just regular members of the Guild and they expect proper compensation for their time.”

The man sighed before continuing.

“That said, I do think my fellow alchemists should strive to be a little more selfless for everyone’s sake. Teaching is even more lucrative than brewing. You can make tens of thousands per day doing it, but you need to be an experienced alchemist already to qualify. I guess some of them are either a tad too greedy or they just don’t want to build up the competition.”

Percy nodded, albeit reluctantly. It’s not like he didn’t understand the concept, but it really made it difficult for people like him to get into the field.

“Aren’t there any books on the topic?” he asked.

“Yes, there are plenty in the library, free to read. They cover the basics but, without guidance, it’ll take you ten times longer to learn. Plus, the priciest part of alchemy is the ingredients, not the lessons.”

That made sense. All these Yellows wouldn’t have trouble saving up a thousand points, but if they had to waste months’ worth of nectar before they got any good at it, it would indeed be a huge barrier of entry.

“Anyway, are you interested in signing up?” the Blue core asked, breaking him out of his thoughts.

“Yes, when is it?” Percy didn’t hesitate.

Perhaps he couldn’t afford to become a proper alchemist just yet, but it wouldn’t hurt to learn more now that the opportunity presented itself. The knowledge might influence his future plans, after all.

“Tomorrow morning. Just show up at this building at ten.” the guy indicated a certain spot on the leaflet, on a hand-drawn map of the Guild.

Percy thanked him, before leaving.

‘Besides, I could use a break from hunting.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

IMPORTANT NOTE: You guys might have noticed something strange with the novel's title xD Long story short, Bacon (the author of Runeblade) is a friend of mine and we decided to switch our titles up as a joke for a couple of days. I just want to emphasize this is all in good fun, so please don't send any mean messages or comments to him.

Chapter 45 – Introduction to alchemy

A note from PathOfPen

Merchant Crab

Book 2 of Merchant Crab is out now! Read Balthazar's journey for gold, pies, and levels in 100+ chapters, with new ones three times a week.

* * *

Balthazar was just a random giant crab enjoying his life in a fantasy world full of bothersome human adventurers, but then he had to go and accidentally discover the secret of attributes and levels. And also pie. With baked goods and coin as his new life goals, he turns to the competitive business of trading the random junk adventurers loot every day.

Follow Balthazar as he does everything to find a baker... except leave his pond, because exploring the dangerous world out there is for suckers. Witness how adventurers just can't seem to stop dying around his home. And cheer for a crab who makes great new friends by simply buying them.

Percy struggled to find a seat. The lecture theatre was packed to the brim with people. Naturally, the Orange cores like him were meant to sit at the very back, but even those rows were full. Shrugging, he picked the least crowded corner to stand. It wasn’t the most comfortable solution, but he wouldn’t have trouble hearing the lecturer.

Soon, a man in blue robes walked in. He was actually the same guy who’d given him the leaflet. It was weird for one at that level to waste time advertising his own lecture. Couldn’t he have paid somebody to do it?

‘Then again, he did seem passionate about teaching.’

“Good morning everyone!” the guy said.

Percy paid more attention to his lecturer’s appearance today. He looked middle-aged which meant he was probably an Orange-born who’d lived for several centuries already.

‘I should have been more respectful last night.’ he realized.

“Judging by your presence here, it’s safe to assume you’re all beginners, so I’ll start with the basics. First of all, the field of alchemy contains more than just the elixirs we know and love. It essentially spans any potions, poisons or medicine brewed with natural ingredients.”

Percy nodded, having heard that before.

“However, most of those things are secondary products of alchemy. Even the best healing potions can’t hold a handle to a Yellow core’s life mana. Similarly, the most potent venoms and poisons we can concoct won’t do much to one of the strongest mages. If you want to assassinate a Blue, you’re better off just using a Starry Commander’s venom.” he chuckled before continuing. “And if you’re above Orange you’re unlikely to get sick, meaning even medicine isn’t particularly useful.”

The room broke into some chatter.

“I know what you’re all thinking – if these things are so ineffective, then why would anybody bother? And you’re not wrong. While there is a place for these products in any noble family’s warehouse, they are but secondary pursuits for bored alchemists with too much money and time in their hands. I would advise you to not bother with them for now. Consequently, we aren’t interested in anything but elixirs during this lecture.”

The young man shrugged. Hearing that alchemy was so underdeveloped on Remior was a little sad, but this arrangement suited him just fine. After all, the Avalon House was full of people with the life affinity, so they had even less need for these auxiliary resources than others.

‘Although, I suppose they’d still be somewhat useful for me due to my lower grade…’

“In any case, the first thing you need to understand about elixirs, is how they work. Does anyone know?”

A brave girl in a yellow robe raised her hand.

“They break down the impurities in our cores over time, allowing them to reform at a higher grade.”

The lecturer smiled. This was indeed common knowledge.

“Yes. The elixirs owe this miraculous property to their main ingredient – the nectar you’ve all probably come across by now. But can somebody tell me what that is?”

This time, nobody answered.

Everyone in the room had likely hunted the wasps before, yet nobody seemed to understand what exactly made them so special.

‘Wait… the wasps… don’t tell me…’

“Simply put, the nectar is the only known example of beast mana capable of existing for an extended period of time outside a beast’s body. People have tried to make elixirs out of beast cores, but nobody has ever succeeded. At least, not on Remior.”

Sharp breaths were drawn across the room.

It was well understood that beasts refined their cores naturally by eating, without needing any external resources. Evidently, this was because they already possessed the main ingredient of the elixirs within their very cores. As it turned out, alchemists did nothing more than imitate them, harnessing their ability for humanity’s sake.

“Sir, if that’s true then how do other races advance their grades? Are there Starry Wasps on every world?” somebody asked.

“That’s an excellent question. I’m not a member of the Divine Order, so what I can say with certainty on the topic is rather limited. Still, as far as I know, Starry Wasps are native to Remior.” the lecturer replied.

“Then how?” another person asked.

“Well, every world has different resources and natural treasures. Some are unlucky enough they lack the means of advancing, while others have their own methods. I’d wager most of those methods involve an alternative source of beast mana, however.”

This explanation made another thing click in Percy’s mind.

‘So that’s why the Fungal Spire is considered so important. It’s our only practical means of advancement and there are races who don’t even have something similar!’

The young man developed some newfound appreciation for the colossal mushrooms above their heads.

“Ok, so now that we’ve established that, the question is how do we process the nectar into elixir?” the lecturer asked.

“I’ve heard there are multiple recipes.” somebody said.

The alchemist nodded.

“Indeed, while the nectar is irreplaceable, all the other ingredients have several alternatives – with similar functions. It all comes down to transforming the nectar from raw beast mana – which would only run berserk inside your cores and injure you – into something stable, which will harmlessly cleanse away the impurities alone. Strictly speaking, you only really need to focus on a single recipe and strive to get good at it, although it can be useful to come in contact with a couple more, for when you have limited access to the ingredients you need. Still, most approaches are rather similar, so it’s not that hard to switch to a different recipe once you understand the process.”

Percy felt the urge to laugh. All this time, alchemy had sounded like a mystical and profound profession… but... according to everything they had been taught today, didn’t it all seem rather inane?

The potions, poisons and medicines were borderline useless, and even the elixirs merely involved harvesting a single raw ingredient they were lucky enough to find on Remior, transforming it into a slightly different form. If the Fungal Spire was destroyed, wouldn’t that leave all the alchemists without a job overnight?

But he shook his head.

‘Obviously, the actual brewing process must be complicated, or it wouldn’t be so hard to do it.’

The lecturer’s next words confirmed that.

“There is one reliable metric that can be used to define an alchemist’s skill: Their brewing yield. Simply put, this is just a percentage indicating how many drops of elixir they can produce out of a hundred drops of nectar.”

Percy ran the calculation in his head. As far as he could tell, the finished product was four times as expensive.

“Some of you seem to have mathed it out already. Indeed, the turning point that qualifies somebody into a full-fledged alchemist is a 25% yield. That’s the cutoff where you stop losing money as you brew. The most talented and experienced alchemists in the Guild can boast of yields as high as 56%. For anyone wondering, my personal best is only at 44%.”

The young man had to swallow his saliva, to avoid drooling. Didn’t that mean their lecturer nearly doubled his money every time he brewed a batch?

“It’s still a time-consuming process, so there’s a limit to how much elixir we can brew per day. Our output is still lower than the input and also lower than Remior’s needs, which is why we need more alchemists in the Guild. If we could convert all the available nectar with a 45% yield, we might have enough for everyone on Remior – including the Red-borns.”

Now, this bit of information was even more shocking to Percy. His whole life, he’d suffered from his low grade, preventing him from advancing as fast as others. If it hadn’t been for this shortage, he would have reached Orange five years sooner! And the lecturer claimed it could all be solved if they’d just bothered to train a few more alchemists?

‘Then, why the fuck don’t you?!’ Percy struggled to keep his thoughts to himself.

The lecturer sighed.

“Despite what my idealistic words might suggest, this is easier said than done. It will take you a few months and a lot of wasted nectar before your first successful batch of elixir. Even then, you’re unlikely to start with a yield higher than 15%. It won’t be until the end of the year you get to 25% and it only keeps getting harder. You’ll get to about 30% if you keep at it for another year or two. Reaching 40% is usually a matter of decades and 50% centuries. Perhaps, the White cores leading the Great Houses, or the gods of the Divine Order could surpass that, having lived for tens of millennia, but their time is much more valuable spent elsewhere than brewing elixirs.”

The new influx of information did calm Percy down. Evidently, they’d need to train an army of Blue cored alchemists for centuries to provide for everyone. And for what? Just so that Red-borns like him would get elixirs? They still wouldn’t live past Yellow!

It wasn’t worth the time.

But he’d heard another thing of interest. A 30% yield was a realistic goal after a couple of years. That was already enough to make a profit.

‘As soon as I can sustain one core, I’ll start siphoning the excess time and points into alchemy.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

IMPORTANT NOTE: You guys might have noticed something strange with the novel's title xD Long story short, Bacon (the author of Runeblade) is a friend of mine and we decided to switch our titles up as a joke for a couple of days. I just want to emphasize this is all in good fun, so please don't send any mean messages or comments to him.

Chapter 46 – An idea

A note from PathOfPen

Re: Butterfly

"I wanted to be a social butterfly in my next life. I distinctly remember saying that to the Goddess that sent me to this new world. So why…? Why do I have this strange body?"

* * *

Adon Komodo was a loser. Overweight, friendless, unemployed, and without romantic prospects... and then, to make matters worse, he died! He hopes to make the most of his next life, but it seems he's been given an unexpected new body.

And this might be his last incarnation ever...

Follow Adon as he tries to live his best life as a butterfly in a fantasy world!

* * *

An Isekai in which the MC is reincarnated into a fantasy world as a butterfly egg.

Second Place in the January 2024 Community Magazine Contest!

It was early afternoon by the time the alchemist’s lecture ended. Advertised as a mere introduction, it didn’t really delve into the topic too deeply. After explaining the basic concepts, the guy talked about a few of the most popular recipes, giving them an overview of how the secondary ingredients worked and what tools they needed to use.

Percy did feel some anticipation.

Not only due to the stacks of contribution points waiting at the other end of his alchemical journey, but also because the whole thing seemed fun. The idea of playing around with magic juices and challenging himself to increase his yield sounded like something he would enjoy. Still, he had to reign in his excitement until he raised the funds to actually dip his toes into the field.

‘Better get back to hunting then.’

Half the day was gone, but that was no excuse to slack for the rest of it.

‘CAW!’

Apparently, Micky agreed, as he’d been urging him for some time.

‘I know, I know… I’m on the way already!’

Nearing the gate, he saw the drowsy girl’s stand was still there, over a week after he first spotted it. The owner was too, sleeping on the counter as usual.

‘Has she not given up yet? I can’t tell if she’s the laziest or the most persistent person I know. Probably both.’

For many days, nobody had paid her any attention, although Percy did notice her coins were gone last night. And since then, she’d nailed a new smaller sign, adding more words to the advertisement.

‘BUYING [AND SELLING] INFORMATION ON THE THIRD LEVEL’

So that was her brilliant plan? Purchasing information from experienced hunters to sell to newcomers? Something like where the best spots for hunting were? Or how to find and kill the Starry Soldiers more efficiently? Percy didn’t know if anyone would take her up on that. It sounded a bit iffy to spend money on.

‘She should have at least bothered to make a new sign instead of patching it.’ he shook his head.

Half an hour later, he met up with Micky somewhere on the second level. Not the same place as yesterday. They liked to switch things up every day to let the bugs repopulate.

Percy wasn’t sure it mattered, as the interior of the Spire was supposedly filled with them. More were constantly deployed outside to harvest the dense mana from the mushrooms and to bring back nectar to the nest. Suffice to say, he doubted they would run out anytime soon. Still, he could use any advantage he could get. However, they didn’t begin hunting just yet, as Percy wanted to test an idea he came up with during the lecture.

‘Micky, can you try passing me some of your mana through our link?’

The crow tilted its head in confusion.

CAW?

Micky hadn’t eaten anything all morning, so he lacked the soul mana to send.

‘Not the one you get when you eat. The one from your core.’ Percy explained.

While beast mana couldn’t normally leave one’s body or form regular spells, it could still freely circulate through its owner’s channels, passively nourishing their flesh. This was the source of the beasts’ strength after all.

After learning that nectar was essentially just beast mana that could be transferred outside, Percy had considered the possibility of taking advantage of the ethereal cord to achieve something similar.

Of course, even if it worked, he wasn’t sure how to benefit from it. The alchemist had already told them they couldn’t purify their cores with raw beast mana. He’d have to find a way to process it into an elixir inside his body. Still, he was curious enough to give it a shot.

It took some guidance from him, but Micky eventually understood the task. Through Mana Sense, the young man observed the Orange glow leave the crow’s sternum, moving towards the connection. However, nothing happened. It just accumulated there with nowhere to go.

Unsure whether Micky had done something wrong or if this was just a peculiarity of the beast mana, Percy next tested whether he could send his own mana to the familiar. Transferring a trickle of soul mana worked, confirming the ethereal cord was a two-way connection, but it didn’t accept any of his pure mana either.

‘I suppose it makes sense. It’s linking our souls together, so why would it allow any other type to pass?’

He shrugged, not too disheartened.

CAW! CAW!

Micky was getting more impatient, sending him an image of a Starry Worker he’d just spotted.

Percy activated Circulation, before gathering the cyan mana into his right hand, resuming work on his new project. Today, he’d focus on forming the glove with an open hand, increasing its surface area. As soon as everything was in order, he engaged the worker, testing his spell’s durability as he looked for an opening to finish the creature.

A few minutes later, it was lying motionless on the surface of the mushroom, both its core and nectar gland already harvested. Micky had flown ahead to scout for their next target, as Percy sat next to the carcass, eyeing it in contemplation.

‘You’re some really special things, aren’t you?’

His world’s survival hinged entirely on these bugs. If they went extinct, everyone on Remior would be stuck at the grade they were born with. Perhaps, they could try other means of cleansing their cores, but they’d be lucky if they even advanced once in their lives that way.

But more than his world’s situation, Percy couldn’t help but consider what this meant for him. Would he have to stay in the Alchemists’ Guild his whole life? Even if he managed to provide for his two cores eventually, what would happen when he left? He couldn’t exactly take the wasps with him…

Then, he creased his brow.

‘Or can I?’

His thoughts lingered on the ethereal cord linking him to Micky for a moment.

He hadn’t created the familiar with the intention of raising his own strength. It had all been an accident, brought upon by his desperate attempt to save his friend. However, the advantages the crow brought him were undeniable.

Percy would be lying if he said he hadn’t considered creating more of them in the past year. After all, how powerful would he be if he could cultivate an army of Green or even Blue beasts, all loyal to him? It would take even less time than reaching those grades himself!

The only reason he hadn’t tried it yet was that his soul hadn’t been in a good enough state before now. But that was swiftly changing with every soul Micky devoured.

‘And, what if my next familiar is a Starry Wasp?’

Not only would he have another companion to fight alongside him, but he’d also have his personal nectar factory! Its production wouldn’t be much at Red or Orange, but what about Green or Blue? Maybe he could sustain his cores indefinitely one day!

The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea.

That said, there were many details he needed to figure out to make this work, as his first success had been a bit of a fluke. For example, could he injure a wasp and shove a part of his soul inside it to create a familiar? It didn’t seem to be that simple, because that tended to produce regular clones in his experience.

From what he’d learned, newborn souls were more malleable than developed ones, making them easier to meld with. That’s why the Moirai baby had not given him as much trouble as Micky had, and why the crow chick had proven a suitable host for his familiar.

That only raised more questions, however.

Where would he even get a Starry Wasp egg? Would he need to venture into the depths of the Fungal Spire? That was a place filled with beasts at Blue or even higher! Not just that, but entering it was a serious crime!

And even then, it wasn’t guaranteed to work. The crow egg had produced a familiar, but the Moirai baby had simply died as a short-lived clone. Was it because the latter had been in a worse condition to begin with? Or was it because he brought another passenger along – Micky – in the case of the bird?

He’d need to come up with answers to all those questions if he was to succeed… which led to another problem.

‘Baldy and Elaine aren’t here to take care of me if I mess up. I should probably stick to regular clones for a while until I’m sure I know what I’m doing.’

Having already lost a ton of time due to his reckless experiments with his soul, Percy was going to take this slow.

‘Besides, I won’t need the new familiar until it’s time to leave the Guild.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

IMPORTANT NOTE: You guys might have noticed something strange with the novel's title xD Long story short, Bacon (the author of Runeblade) is a friend of mine and we decided to switch our titles up as a joke for a couple of days. I just want to emphasize this is all in good fun, so please don't send any mean messages or comments to him.

Chapter 47 – Healed

A note from PathOfPen

A family man with ruthless tendencies gets a new lease on life. Check out his antiheroic adventures in… Ruthless: Path of Conquest!

James Robard was a family man and attorney living a boring but stable life, failing to live up to his potential—until the System appeared. Now James has the opportunity to reinvent himself. The System has other ideas. It judges him as a villain and gives him corresponding starting abilities and titles. Then he’s thrown into combat with monsters, treacherous humans, and divine beings of questionable moral character. But the biggest obstacle he has to overcome might be himself. He knows the System has a point about him. He’s always been RUTHLESS.

* * *

Now available on Amazon!

A month went by in a flash.

Percy and Micky had grown a lot better at hunting the wasps, but today he didn’t care about that. Something else was going through his mind as he sat on his bed, gazing down at his soul.

‘It’s finally healed… well, sort of…’

It had stopped absorbing more mana, although it wasn’t back to 100% yet. The hole in his chest had mostly closed, but not completely, leaving a circular scar about the width of a strawberry right where the ethereal cord linked him to Micky.

‘I suppose this is as good as it’s going to get.’

It didn’t look like it would recover entirely, as a part of him still existed within the bird. Perhaps he could fix it by retrieving the missing piece or severing the connection – he wasn’t sure which – but he had no intention of doing either. Hopefully, this injury wouldn’t affect him too much when creating more clones. Especially since that was exactly what he was planning to do right now!

It was early in the morning, although Percy’s room was currently pitch black, as he had closed the curtains. The last thing he needed was somebody seeing what he intended to do today.

‘Micky, start hunting!’

‘CAW!’

The familiar was roaming the base of the Fungal Spire, searching for Starry Drones to munch on. He could already kill a couple Starry Workers by himself, but it took too long, and it was dangerous to let him hunt on the second floor by himself. Percy would have to settle for the less potent soul mana they could gather from the Red bugs. Still, between the crow’s help and the increased regeneration brought about by the colourful motes, he estimated he would have a much easier time forming his new clone.

Pressing down his bubbling enthusiasm, he began by sending pulses of soul mana through his channels, letting them bounce off his soul’s edge. Not wanting to interfere with his connection to Micky, he had adjusted the angle slightly, so that the mana would gather a few inches below the previous spot after being reflected. By the time that happened, he was ready to grab a hold of the bulge, pulling it out of his skin.

‘Fuck. I sure didn’t miss the pain.’ he winced, as the strain cause some tears to form.

However, he quickly raised an eyebrow after examining them for a couple of seconds.

‘Is it me, or is the damage less extensive than last time?’

This was strange. If anything, he would have expected his injury to have negatively impacted the integrity of his soul, making it more fragile than before. That didn’t seem to be the case. It was hard to say for sure, but the cracks appeared both less numerous and less serious than the last time he’d done this.

‘Has my soul grown stronger in the past year?’

Why would that be the case? He’d spent all this time recovering…

Then again, wasn’t that how muscles and bones worked? Exercising essentially involved damaging and repairing one’s body repeatedly. Perhaps, the same principle applied to his soul!

‘Then, maybe I can strengthen my soul enough to use Circulation with my first core if I keep sending clones!’

This was an issue that had troubled him for a long time. Although the technique he’d learned on Huehue had served him well until now, he greatly lamented only being able to use it with his second core. After all, it was much weaker than the one in his sternum, both in grade and affinity. Evidently, the solution had been right under his nose all along!

In his excitement, the young man nearly let go of the bulge.

‘Shit. Focus Percy.’

It was a project for the future. While it was a nice surprise, it wasn’t worth ruining his current attempt. Shaking the distracting thoughts out of his head, he sent another pulse through his soul, which soon caused the bulge to grow. More soul mana began flowing into his core a few minutes later too, as Micky had already taken down the first drone.

‘Keep it up buddy!’

***

Eight hours later, Percy was holding an outstretched chunk of his soul larger than an apple. Thanks to his familiar’s diligent efforts, he had reached this step four hours sooner than the last time!

‘I can keep going, but it’s best not to risk it.’

This was already the same amount he’d used for his previous clone, so he knew it was enough to survive for a couple days. Perhaps, he could increase that if he gathered more of the silver flame before cutting it off, but he didn’t want to damage his soul more than he could handle.

‘Moving to the next phase then.’

Pulling the mana out of his core, he directed it all straight into the bulge, filling it up like a waterskin. Taking deep breaths, he strove to gather even more, as his familiar intensified his efforts to support him.

‘Let’s give the clone more mana than last time.’

Back then, Percy had done this out on a limb, without knowing if it would help in any way. Still, that had obviously been the correct decision. His clone had greatly relied on the stashed mana multiple times during his adventure – whether to bond with Micky’s soul initially or to deliver the killing blow to Mixcoatl near the end. Suffice to say, the young man didn’t mind investing a few more hours to overcharge his clone again.

***

It wasn’t until another four hours later that Percy stopped. Right now, the bulge had bloated up by about 50% of its previous volume. It still contained the same amount of his soul as before, but its surface stretched due to the dense quantity of mana sealed within.

The young man briefly considered pushing some more into it, but at this rate he might cause the clone to burst before he even sent it out. Plus, the mana was already slowly leaking, as his willpower was scarcely sufficient to keep it contained.

‘It actually resembles baldy’s clones somewhat.’

Unlike his previous attempt, the soul mana was so concentrated it was fully visible even to the naked eye, appearing like a silver bubble pulsing akin to a beating heart.

This reassured Percy somewhat. All this time he’d been fumbling in the dark with his bloodline, mostly doing whatever he instinctively felt made sense. Still, the more his efforts looked like what his family did with their version, the more confidence he had that he was on the right track.

‘Ok then. Now for the really painful part.’

After refilling his core one last time, he tossed another glance at his handiwork, nodding in appreciation. Then, he stirred his bloodline, feeling the ghostly claw forming in his sternum.

‘Please go where I want you to go…’

If it insisted on heading to the previous spot, it could harm his connection to the familiar. Percy focused all his willpower to direct it slightly lower, towards the thrumming bubble he had spent all day cultivating.

Luckily, the ghostly claw didn’t need much prodding either, as it gladly acquiesced, pouncing on the bulge like a cat would a mouse. Percy gritted his teeth in agony as all the tears in his soul widened. He held his breath, watching the ghostly claw clamp the soul and mana alike, twisting them and pulling them out of his body.

And with an audible popping sound, accompanied by a violent shockwave rippling through his very existence, Percy felt his world tremble as the silver bubble was ripped out of his stomach, shooting off like a meteor. By the time his head sank into the pillow, his eyes had already closed shut.

***

‘…’

‘…AW!’

‘CAW! CAW!’

Percy’s eyes bolted open, a splitting headache making him dizzy.

‘Fuck, I’m alive.’ was his first thought.

Wait, no. That was supposed to be a good thing.

‘CAW!’ the familiar called to him again.

Percy could practically taste the palpable sense of panic oozing through their bond. The realization simultaneously gave him a fuzzy feeling at having somebody who cared, but also a pang of guilt in his chest.

‘It’s ok, buddy. I’m ok. I’m sorry I worried you.’

Getting off his bed was tough, but it was promising he was even capable of standing. Pulling the curtain open, he noted it was dark outside.

‘How long was I out?’

He knew it shouldn’t have been more than a day or two, otherwise he would have starved. Well, he was feeling a little peckish, but not quite starving yet.

‘CAW!’

Micky sent him an image of a single sunset, though no sunrise. It was still the same day. This was good. He couldn’t afford to knock himself out for a week every time he sent out a new clone.

Walking was a hassle, but he made his way to the door. He sure hoped Freddy was open, as he was too tired to cook, and he could use a Honey Roll right about now.

Suddenly, he lost his balance, falling to his knees, his consciousness sucked right out of his body. One moment he was still in his room, the next he felt the wind press against him, colourful motes whizzing by from all directions. He was diving towards a bug, its carapace pitch black, with bright spots glistening all over the sleek chitin.

‘A drone? I’m Micky?!’

They felt dizzy, banking towards the left. Flapping their wings at the last second, they barely managed to soften their landing, narrowly avoiding a nasty crash on the ground.

‘What the hell?’ he thought, as he returned to his own body, lying against the cold stone of his room’s floor.

More came gushing through the cord. Images, feelings, memories, thoughts. He felt his familiar’s confusion, as his mind drifted back and forth between the bodies a couple more times.

‘Are you doing this?’ he asked the bird once the situation seemed to stabilize.

‘CAW…’

The reply was strained. Micky didn’t seem to understand much more than he did.

What was going on?

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

IMPORTANT NOTE: You guys might have noticed something strange with the novel's title xD Long story short, Bacon (the author of Runeblade) is a friend of mine and we decided to switch our titles up as a joke for a couple of days. I just want to emphasize this is all in good fun, so please don't send any mean messages or comments to him.

DISCLAIMER: By the way, please temper your expectations for this new clone guys. Not all of them are going to be like the first two - Percy won't be getting a new core or a powerful technique on every trip. I'm just saying this so you lot don't eat me alive tomorrow xD

Chapter 48 – Limit

A note from PathOfPen

Tallah [Prog-Fantasy Revenge Story]

Tallah means to end an eternal empire and take the head of an empress. Her enemy is nigh immortal and wields power only few really understand. To take her down, Tallah's going to need power of her own. Lots of it. But time is not a friend, not when a mistake has brought the empire's attack hounds onto her scent.

Sil is stuck between a past she can't think on, and a future that will likely have her swinging on the end of a short rope... if lucky. Having escaped the empire's dungeons once, she has no other choice but to follow her friend on the warpath in the vain hope for a calm life beyond the mission.

Vergil should be dead. Twice even! Given a second lease on life on an alien world, he finds himself in thrall to an obviously insane sorceress and her equally terrifying partner, with the ghost of a dwarven hero sharing his headspace with a nearly useless AI companion. His rescue by the terrible duo may not be the stroke of luck he was hoping for. Dragged along by forces he can't conceive, he can only hope to find a clue as to why he's been brought to a place as horrible as Edana.

What to expect:

- Competent, highly-motivated MCs pursuing their own agendas on both sides;

- A mysterious world that may not be what it seems on first glance;

- Gods and their games, bloody battles and body horror;

- More magic than you can shake a wand at;

- Strategic soul theft.

“What?” Percy asked.

Freddy gave him a concerned look.

“I said, are you sure you’re ok?” he repeated.

The young man felt his mind slipping again, but he resisted the pull.

“Yeah, sorry. It’s been a long day.” he forced himself to say.

It was only now he remembered he was holding a Honey Roll.

‘Thank Phoebe I haven’t dropped it.’

Not that he was in the mood to eat, but it would have looked strange. He searched his pocket for some change, but his friend stopped him.

“It’s on the house today. Just look after yourself man. You’re the only one I see who’s hunting 18 hours a day, no breaks. Clearly, it’s not sustainable.”

Percy nodded, thanking Freddy before leaving in a hurry. Going out in this state hadn’t been his brightest idea. It wasn’t until he got back home that he allowed himself to fall on the bed, leaving the snack on a table for later.

Soon, another episode hit him, but he allowed himself to sink into Micky’s body this time. They were pecking the core out of the drone when he joined him. Percy had watched the bird hunt, as Micky had inadvertently sent him the images. He’d nearly got stung too, having lost his concentration during what would have otherwise been a trivial kill.

As the soul got digested in the familiar’s stomach, Percy’s mind followed the soul mana back to his own body. He quickly forced it to his eyes, to see what the hell was going on with him.

‘Nothing too weird there.’ he frowned.

His soul didn’t look much different from the time he went to Huehue. There was the small scar near his sternum, a grapefruit-sized crater above his stomach, and a bunch of cracks all over. Fewer than before too, due to his increased resilience.

‘It’s not due to excessive damage...’

This was different than even the time he’d woken up after creating the familiar. Rather than pain or weakness, it felt more like his sense of self was shaken. As if he had trouble remaining himself.

‘Is it because I have two connections at the same time?’

This didn’t bode well for his ambitious plan of forming an army of familiars. At this rate, he’d be lucky if he could keep sending out clones.

‘Hopefully, the clone isn’t affected.’

***

And there it was – the good old infinite nothingness he fondly remembered.

Unlike the last clone, this one accepted his identity promptly, beginning the search for a body without delay. He knew this was one of the most critical parts of the journey.

During his previous attempt, three weeks had passed on Remior, but he shouldn’t have spent longer than a couple of days on Huehue. This could only mean one of two things. Either there was a huge mismatch in the flow of time from one world to another, or he had spent most of it in the space between them.

Consequently, the faster he moved here the better.

Retracing his actions, he allowed his senses to expand outwards, touching upon the sea of souls. Brushing over them without focusing too intently was a little tricky at first. Percy had grown rusty, having not done this in over a year, but he soon got a grip on it.

‘Too powerful… too weak… too powerful again… too broken… too broken… too weak…’

He couldn’t tell how long it took, but he eventually picked one he liked, reaching towards it without missing a beat.

A moment later, he found himself lodged between the nooks and crannies of the dying soul. It was more cramped than last time, but that was a good thing. It meant his new host was in a better condition than Micky had been in.

And, having learned from his past experience, he was a lot more careful moving around, trying not to exert much pressure on the fragments before the new guy accepted him.

‘Hello? Anybody home?’

No reply.

Nothing verbal, at least. A sense of panic and pain assaulted him. Also, hunger… and cold… indescribable cold. Percy’s very soul shivered.

‘Did this person freeze to death?’

His host felt distant. They didn’t seem aggressive – at least, they didn’t push him away yet. But they cowered in a corner, trying to avoid being touched.

‘I’m not here to hurt you. Can you talk?’

The creature didn’t understand him. Its intelligence seemed even more rudimentary than his familiar’s had been right after hatching.

‘A beast perhaps?’

That put Percy at a bit of an impasse. He couldn’t begin the process of patching up their souls into something workable unless his host opened up. But they couldn’t even communicate properly. The only clues he had were that it was afraid, in pain, starving and really cold.

‘Well, I don’t know how to deal with the fear or the pain… I could send it the taste of a Honey Roll, but I don’t even know what this thing eats.’

There was only one thing he could do. He dug through his memories for anything suitable. The first one he found was a time he was nestled in a blanket, enjoying some hot soup during the winter. He couldn’t even tell how old he was. Maybe 4 or 5?

It was after his folks died, and the blanket was cozy, almost reminding him of his mother’s hug. A weird thing to replace one’s parents with, he knew, but he was willing to cut himself some slack. It wasn’t like toddler-Percy had anybody else in his life back then. He hadn’t grown close to Elaine until later.

‘Does this work for you pal? I’ll help you find warmth like that too if you let me in.’

Suspicion.

Percy counted it as progress. You’d only get suspicious about something you hoped was true. Well, not that it was true of course. It was an empty promise. He had no idea if he could deliver. He’d try to make good on it if possible, but he wasn’t going to cry if he ended up lying to the animal either.

‘Better keep this last part to myself.’

At least, he was more in control of what he allowed to leak through the connection this time. The bond was more intrusive when he possessed something than it was with his familiar, but he’d still gained enough experience over the past year to filter his thoughts somewhat.

A few more carefully picked memories and some placating later, the creature opened up enough to let him move around without harming it.

‘The hard part is over.’

His soul wisp expanded and twisted, stretching through the gaps and touching as many of the broken shards as possible. Only then did he unleash his sizeable stash of soul mana, letting it do its thing.

Like glue, the potent substance forged a bridge between the two entities, as they came closer together than ever before. Memories flashed through Percy’s mind, one after another…

Hatching through an egg, a nest full of tiny gecko-like things, cannibalism, running away, hiding from giant shadows, scavenging for scraps, cold, cold, shivering, FREEZING COLD…

Oh, and they were all monochrome.

‘Great, because who needs colours?!’

Percy tried opening his new eyes. They refused to budge. He wasn’t sure if he was signalling the wrong muscles or if the problem lied elsewhere.

‘Any help? Can you open our eyes?’

Silence.

The beast was still in there somewhere, but it refused to come to the surface, happy to observe from the background.

‘Ok, fine. Thanks for the body I guess…’

Unable to figure out how to control this thing, he fell back to his Status instead.

* * *

Percival's clone

Mana cores:

[Mana core 1 – Orange – Beast]

[Mana core 2 – Seed – ???]

Spells:

[Parting Gift – Crude]

???:

[???] – Grants access to your Status.

[??? (Incomplete)] – Grants the seed of a second mana core. Requires potent life mana to germinate.

* * *

Percy would have frowned if he could.

Nothing special there. His clone didn’t have a proper name this time, which frankly made sense. An Orange core was decent. Not too high, but it could have been worse. Only his Parting Gift was listed under spells, because it was the only one he could currently use. The beast affinity and the incomplete second mana core were also expected.

‘So, what do we do with you?’

There wasn’t a question mark thingy to bring back to Remior and he didn’t think the lizard knew any profound techniques to teach. He also doubted it would make a good familiar, nor had he any intention of crippling himself again to try.

‘Yeah… This one is definitely a lost cause.’

He’d thought the exact same thing on Huehue, only to be proven wrong. Still, he was willing to bet good money it was true this time. He could walk around, hoping to find something interesting, but he hadn’t a clue how to even bring it back. Were there even any sentient races on this world?

‘Maybe I can try finding a life source and learn what happens when a beast gets a second core.’

That sounded like a plan. It would be a good datapoint, so he’d know what to expect from Micky. Not the most rewarding venture, but probably the best he could get out of the creature.

‘Assuming this body is even capable of moving, that is.’

It didn’t respond to any commands. He couldn’t even hear his own heartbeat. Frustrated, he grew less gentle with it. Its owner didn’t seem to care, so why should he? He willed any muscle to move. He tried to give himself a panic attack. Anything…

A twitch.

It wasn’t much, but it was the first sign of feedback. Capitalizing on it, he redoubled his efforts, trying to expand on the sensation.

Something cracked.

More twitches followed. A muscle group. He could feel a limb unfold slowly. A foreleg – if he understood the lizard’s physiology correctly.

The cracking sounds intensified. Every time a joint moved, something broke.

‘Are we frozen solid?’

It would certainly explain his host’s aversion to cold and their impairment. Why didn’t it hurt though? Were they numb?

A couple frantic spasms later, Percy received his answer. He didn’t get the chance to celebrate his newly freed limb before it began burning, as if on fire.

‘Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck!!!’

That didn’t make him give up though. If anything, it was proof his efforts were paying off. He figured the pain would stop either when he froze completely again, or when he fully thawed. And the latter seemed preferable. He ignored the other limbs, focusing inwards. The sooner he jumpstarted their heart the faster his torture would come to an end.

‘Assuming we even have one at the usual spot.’

Fortunately, they did, as he found out a couple minutes later. Its beats were soft and infrequent. He thought there was something wrong with the organ, or that it would take a while to get back to normal.

But it never did. At some point, he was forced to accept that this was normal for the lizard. In any case, the pain had receded slightly. Even more importantly, he realized – to his great joy – he could finally open their eyes.

A flash of white greeted him, which soon died down to…

…an everything else of white.

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

IMPORTANT NOTE: You guys might have noticed something strange with the novel's title xD Long story short, Bacon (the author of Runeblade) is a friend of mine and we decided to switch our titles up as a joke for a couple of days. I just want to emphasize this is all in good fun, so please don't send any mean messages or comments to him.

Chapter 49 – Frozen expanse

A note from PathOfPen

Tree of Aeons (An isekai story)

This is a reincarnation/isekai story, about Matt (later TreeTree), an overpowered tree in a fantasy world that serves as the battlefield for an ongoing conflict between demons and the heroes summoned to oppose them.

At first a bystander, over a long period of time, TreeTree will learn all sorts of skills, gain levels, and in doing so, build up a forest, train young subordinates, protect a village, and more.

warning :

Time skips happen a lot.

Warning 2

Books 1, 2 and 3 are down to be on Amazon. Please support my book on Amazon.

Snow covered the ground below like a white blanket. Percy was standing on a steeply inclined surface – a boulder or something.

‘This world must have harsh winters.’

Not used to looking at everything sideways, he climbed down from the rock. He noticed his host didn’t weigh much, their feet not sinking very deep, their steps barely leaving some shallow prints.

‘Good. Let’s not attract any predators so soon.’

Examining his surroundings, he realized his host wasn’t the only unlucky lizard. Countless more geckos stood motionless all around him, having met the same fate. Either some extinction level event had occurred in this region, or it was normal for his species to go through cycles of freezing and thawing with the seasons.

‘Oh well… You don’t mind me eating their cores, do you?’ he asked his new pal.

Percy had already experienced some of the lizard’s memories. He’d watched his host devour its own siblings, so he doubted it cared. That said, he figured it was polite to ask.

No reply.

Shrugging, he activated Mana Sense, noting most of the creatures were not only still alive, but also at Orange like him. Approaching the nearest one, he dug its core out with his claws, before swallowing it whole.

‘It didn’t even taste that bad.’

Normally, Percy wasn’t a huge fan of raw meat, especially when frozen solid. That said, his new tastebuds appeared to have a thing for blood-flavoured snow. Another pleasant surprise soon followed. A burst of mana was released in their stomach, warming them up. This was finally enough to elicit a satisfied reaction from his host. Although, the timid lizard quickly faded to the background again, happy to let Percy do all the work.

‘It’s that passive attitude that screwed you up in the first place.’ Percy reprimanded the gecko, before moving to the next statue.

He had no idea how close the lizard was to advancing, but it wouldn’t take that long to eat all the cores. It was a bit of a gamble but – if he got lucky – he’d have a much easier time travelling at Yellow. As he continued slaughtering one gecko after the other, a strange thought crossed his mind. The lizards looked rather similar to what one could find on Remior, making him wonder whether he’d even left his world.

A quick glance at the sky gave him his answer.

‘Never mind. Definitely a coincidence.’

There was only one sun – its colour unknown – but that was where the similarities ended. Percy counted as many as 17 moons of various sizes, and guessed there should be more that weren’t visible right now. And those were just the semi-intact ones. Many more broken, irregular chunks of stone littered the sky, making it look like a cosmic cesspit.

‘I wonder what the story is there. Did they just collide against each other, or did somebody do this?’

The mere thought sent shivers down Percy’s reptilian spine. He had no idea if a god was even capable of such a feat, and he’d rather not find out. He wasn’t keen on meeting a being capable of tossing moons around like pebbles. After all, what else would such an existence be capable of? Detecting souls, maybe?

Eager to get the hell out of this world, he picked up the pace, guzzling down one core after another, uncaring about the lizard genocide he was committing. Of course, he still had to take frequent breaks, to digest the mana every time his body reached saturation. While he couldn’t devour the geckos’ souls like Micky, the beast mana contained in their cores still accumulated rapidly after eating so many in quick succession.

***

‘This is the most boring clone I’ve ever made.’ he thought as he sat on the snow waiting once more.

It had been several hours since he managed to thaw his host, and he’d already consumed hundreds of cores in that time. The sun had set too, but luckily his eyes turned out less useless than expected, as they appeared to possess some level of night vision. Percy’s core was still at Orange, although more than two thirds of the lizards remained. At his current rate, it would take him another day to finish the rest.

‘Hopefully it won’t be a waste of time.’

His fear wasn’t the only thing rushing him. Given the relatively good condition of his body coupled with the ungodly amount of soul mana he had used to patch it up, he was confident he could easily survive for a week or two.

However, sending out clones was a zero-sum game. Every day he spent here meant delaying the next clone by just as much. Consequently, if there was nothing of value on this world, it was in his best interest to leave early.

‘Let’s not dilly dally then.’

Standing up, he walked to the next lizard, about to resume his feast. Not that he had much of an appetite left. While the first dozen or so had tasted alright, he’d grown sick after spending the whole afternoon stuffing his face full of them. Also, the statues looked much creepier at night. Either way, he never got the chance to take another bite, as he saw movement off the corner of his eye.

‘What the fuck is that?!’ he thought, as a wave of primal terror overcame his host.

A massive shape was slithering some distance away, its pale colour barely discernible against the frozen expanse. Much like the geckos, the serpent also vaguely reminded Percy of something he might encounter on Remior, but it was his first time seeing a snake covered in fur.

‘Shit. It’s at Green.’

He had no idea how large his host was compared to a human, but the abomination appeared colossal to his current eyes, its girth four times his own. As for its length, it was impossible to estimate as it zigged and zagged through the army of statues, swallowing them whole, one after the other.

‘What do I do?!’

Percy briefly considered playing dead.

A moment later he realized how idiotic the idea was. Even if the snake somehow missed the trail of footprints behind him, the thick stench of blood coming from him or his elevated body temperature, it certainly couldn’t miss the sea of mana coursing through his channels. But more importantly, the serpent clearly wouldn’t stop until it devoured every last one of his kin. Whether he stood still or not, his end would be the same.

‘Oh well. Worst case scenario it eats me.’

Out of options and without much to lose, Percy waited for the snake to look the other way before sprinting as if his life depended on it – which it did. He didn’t even dare to look back, only using Mana Sense half a minute later to check if the monster was in hot pursuit.

It wasn’t.

Only then did he stop, turning around. The snake was still busy eating the other geckos a few hundred meters away.

‘What, am I not tasty enough for you, you bastard?!’

Percy wasn’t sure whether to be relieved or offended. He was certain the creature had noticed him, but it hadn’t bothered giving chase. Then again, it wasn’t that surprising. Why waste time going after the lone survivor when it had a veritable feast laid out in front of it?

‘I doubt it would be willing to share though.’

Perhaps the serpent didn’t care much about a single gecko slipping away, but it was probably not going to take too kindly to him returning.

‘Great! All those hours wasted!’

Frustrated, Percy entertained the thought of going back to confront the snake. He knew he was no match for a Yellow beast, let alone a Green one, so he’d definitely die. That said, ending this farce a moment sooner might be his best course of action right now.

But he shook his head.

He realized he’d been spoiled by his past clones' successes. His current situation was likely more indicative of what he should expect going forward. The odds of stumbling upon a treasure trove every time weren't high, so giving up after the first setback would be unwise.

‘Let's wander around for another day or two. If I can't find anything interesting, I'll leave.’

As for what "something interesting" might be, he wasn't sure. He guessed he'd know when he found it. Perhaps a potent life source for his second core, another cluster of frozen lizards he could eat, a village of sentient lifeforms, or any other rare treasure might qualify.

Just as Percy made up his mind, a loud screech caused him to tilt his head up. The only thing he managed to see was a shadow blotting out the sky.

He didn’t even get the chance to examine it with Mana Sense, before an elongated maw snapped shut around his head. At least it didn’t hurt, the pain not yet registering, as his face rolled inside something slimy, before plunging into a pungent swamp. And with that, his vision faded to black, an irresistible force prying him out of the gecko’s flesh, bringing his third adventure to an abrupt end.

‘Worst. Clone. Ever.’

* * *

* * *

* * *

[Author’s Note 1: I know many of you were probably eagerly waiting for Percy to resume sending clones and might be disappointed his first one in a while went down like this. I just want to clarify that I typically won’t be showing failed clones “on-screen” moving forward. I only included this one to give you a taste of what his average clone experience is like. From now on, Percy will be sending clones regularly, but I’ll only show the interesting ones where he gains something useful. Apologies for the wait.]

[Author’s Note 2: Some of you might be wondering why the lizard could perceive colours through Mana Sense when its vision is monochrome. Mana Sense is NOT the same as regular eyesight. People use colours to describe grades out of convenience, but if you notice I always capitalize them when viewed through Mana Sense. (Red, Orange, Yellow etc)]

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

IMPORTANT NOTE: You guys might have noticed something strange with the novel's title xD Long story short, Bacon (the author of Runeblade) is a friend of mine and we decided to switch our titles up as a joke for a couple of days. I just want to emphasize this is all in good fun, so please don't send any mean messages or comments to him.

Chapter 50 – The hunt resumes

A note from PathOfPen

The Wandering Fairy [LitRPG World-Hopping]

Explore. Dream. Discover.

This was the answer Soren obtained after performing a strange ritual he found online. The ritual was meant to provide answers to questions no mortal could currently answer, but the answer it provided wasn't what he had hoped:

"Uncover the truth for yourself."

Thrust into a journey across countless worlds and dimensions, where the influence of concepts holds the key to power. Where empires and nations are morphed by the whims of the gods. Where those who can manifest Soul Weapons that shape the course of history are labeled as Phantasms and can warp reality itself as they desire.

There was only one question left unanswered: Will Soren decide to live peacefully in ignorance? Or will he pursue the thrill of seeking forbidden knowledge, even if he might lose his sanity in the process?

Screw it. Earth was boring anyway.

His first stop: Yarian, The Lands of Fantasia.

‘I’ll be there in 10 minutes.’

Percy was running along a bridge, Circulation active, with a wasp corpse the size of a fox slung over his shoulder. The stinger pointed forward, ensuring he wouldn’t accidentally stab himself.

‘CAW!’

The crow was flying at half its usual speed with another worker hot on its trail.

Ten minutes later, they met up. Percy tossed the carapace in front of his familiar, before gathering both types of mana in his right hand, forming a cyan glove and a transparent sickle. He dashed towards the bird, who circled around him. Micky dug into the corpse’s sternum for its snack, as Percy engaged his pursuer.

The fight was short.

Percy dodged the first few stabs before a well-executed parry with his backhand doubled as a lethal counterattack, swiping the Parting Gift across the bug’s torso.

As soon as the second wasp died, he ignored it, letting Micky deal with the corpse once he finished his current meal. Instead, Percy moved toward the third target, conveniently located on the same mushroom.

A minute later, it met the same fate. Just in time too, as Micky arrived at Percy’s location, gently holding two glands in his talons.

‘How far to the next batch?’ Percy asked while squeezing the nectar into a vial.

CAW! CAW!

The bird showed him the locations of three more workers, the nearest over half an hour away, eliciting a groan from the young man.

‘Ok. I’ll go there. You bait that one. We’ll meet up here.’ he said, getting a nod back.

Their current hunting strategy was a lot different from what Percy had originally envisioned. Based on what others had told him soon after he joined the Guild, he’d thought he and Micky should ideally grow proficient enough to split up and hunt separately. After all, they could cover more ground like that – on paper. And indeed, both of them had improved a lot after a month, to the point Micky could even kill a few wasps on his own by now.

However, their strengths and weaknesses had developed rather disproportionally to one another. On one hand, Percy was quite adept at killing the bugs with his glove and sickle, often dispatching them within seconds. As much as his familiar had improved in this department, he doubted it would get as good as him anytime soon.

On the other hand, Percy was held up by his slower travelling speed. Even if he knew where the bugs were, he still needed several minutes to reach each one – let alone when he had to blindly search for them. Yet, scouting was precisely where Micky excelled.

Consequently, he had concluded that the most efficient strategy should make use of both their talents, while covering their shortcomings. Micky would locate the bugs and bait the more distant ones over, while Percy was in charge of putting them down. Like that, they had reached an average of 29 daily kills by the end of the month!

‘Still not enough though.’ Percy smiled bitterly as he crossed the bridge.

Strictly speaking, he could now earn over 400 contribution points per hunt, which was just barely enough to cover for one of his cores. However, that was under the assumption that he’d hunt every single day without fail. Unfortunately, some downtime was unavoidable. His third clone had needed three full days for the round trip, forcing Percy to remain idle in that time.

At first, he had intended to keep hunting while his clone was away. Due to his soul’s injuries, he knew it would be harder to accumulate soul mana by himself, but he could still form the sickle with Micky’s help. Sadly, he couldn’t have accounted for the unexpected issue with his soul’s integrity, caused by having two ethereal cords simultaneously. Hunting in that state was ill-advised as a single moment of weakness could cost them dearly.

‘I guess we just need to raise the bar a bit more to cover for the idle days.’

There was a little room for improvement, but not a lot. Percy estimated they’d cap out at 32 kills after some more experience, but that was it. He couldn’t get much quicker at killing the bugs, and neither could Micky fly any faster. The only thing he could help was getting Circulation to work for the rest of the afternoon.

‘I wanted to siphon the excess profits into alchemy, not to cover for my clones’ adventures…’ he smiled bitterly.

Of course, he could just stop creating clones.

He shook his head. As annoyed as he was when his first clone in over a year came back empty-handed, Percy had no intention of giving up on his ability entirely.

He’d always known this would happen. Not every dying body in the universe held some profound magical secret, but he’d never find the few diamonds in the rough if he stopped looking altogether. Perhaps, somebody else in his shoes might have grown content with a second core and a familiar, but Percy understood his current kit wasn’t sufficient to reach the pinnacle.

‘Sending clones is the one thing I can’t compromise on. Even if it slows down my advancement.’

***

Percy entered the settlement, after another exhausting hunt. In the end, they’d only harvested 29 glands again. The same as yesterday. And the day before. His efficiency had only dropped slightly a couple hours before sunset, when Circulation failed him.

Still, it was hard to extend its duration any further and he couldn’t figure out a better way to use his mana than his current glove-sickle combo. It didn’t help that he woke up tired every morning, as five hours of sleep didn’t seem to cut it.

‘Maybe I should look into recovery potions.’

They weren’t very good, but he only needed the tiniest boost. It would all depend on their price though. He was about to head to one of the official buildings to exchange his nectar, when his gaze landed on the drowsy girl’s stand.

‘Huh. She’s still growing.’ he chuckled.

Contrary to his expectations, her information trade had not only survived over the past month, but even boomed somewhat. Percy had been shocked to see her jar steadily filling over time, until she had amassed enough money to expand her business.

Her sign now read:

‘BUYING [AND SELLING] INFORMATION ON THE THIRD [AND FOURTH] LEVEL[S]’

Much to Percy’s annoyance, she hadn’t even bothered to nail a new plank with the changes, instead sticking a couple pieces of paper to patch in the new words. Yet, the five jars on the counter, all filled with red and orange coins were proof enough that she knew what she was doing.

‘Maybe I should try something like this too.’ Percy’s eyelid twitched as he listened to the girl snoring without a care in the world.

At the beginning he’d felt happy for her, but it was starting to irritate him. She was making nearly as many points as he was, while sitting around all day. In fact, he wouldn’t be surprised if she surpassed him before long. But he sighed a moment later, realizing it wouldn’t work for him.

‘Forget it. I have no idea how to broker information. There’s clearly some secret behind her success, otherwise everyone would be doing it.’

Ignoring her, he walked to Freddy’s for his daily Honey Roll. Eating the delicious snacks after each hunt had grown into a bit of a ritual by now. Also, Freddy was currently his only friend in the Guild, and it was nice having somebody to talk to. Only ten minutes later did Percy leave, trying to catch the official buildings before they closed for the night.

‘I wish I didn’t have to go through so many hoops though.’

The most annoying part was that he had to visit two different shops, in opposite corners of the settlement. He only sold half his loot at each location, and alternated which one he bought his elixirs from, to avoid unnecessary questions.

He knew he was probably just being paranoid, as nobody had ever asked him where he got his nectar. Even if somebody figured out that an Orange core was somehow making over 400 points per day, they wouldn’t care too much. Still, he did prefer to take any precautions he could.

“Anything else I can help you with?” the clerk at the second shop – a brunette clad in green – asked after handing him a vial of elixir.

Percy was about to shake his head absentmindedly, when he thought of something.

‘Since I’m here, I might as well.’

“Do you sell potions?”

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 51 – Potions

A note from PathOfPen

Skill Hunter

Climb the ranks and stand atop the world. Only one hunter can become the ultimate!

Stuck under a mountain of debt, Ike can only dream of the world of hunters. Ranks, power, and the System are out of his reach, until the day he awakens a Unique skill. Equipped with his new skill, Ike must break out of the slums and overturn the hierarchy of the System to fulfil his dream of becoming the ultimate hunter. Harvesting the skills of monsters, he turns against the world's logic.

Slowburn fantasy. LitRPG System Xianxia/Cultivation. Look forward to an adventure like Duolo Dalu, A Will Eternal or I Shall Seal the Heavens!

“Of course!” the clerk replied, before scratching her head. “Although, I’m forced by Guild regulations to inform potential customers that the potions’ potency is rather limited.”

“So I’ve been told. But how limited are we talking about exactly?”

“Well, they work as advertised, but don’t expect any miracles on par with the elixirs.” she elaborated, before furrowing her brow. “Although I suppose they’ll be somewhat effective for you. No offense.”

Percy nodded.

“None taken. I’d like to have a look if it’s not too difficult.”

The clerk shrugged, before leading him to an adjacent room. She pressed her badge against a symbol on the wall, causing a different rune to light up on the ceiling, illuminating the place. It wasn’t a large room and – if the dust on the shelves was any indication – it was rarely used.

‘I guess nobody cares enough to inscribe self-cleaning runes in the potion room.’

“As you can imagine, not many of our alchemists bother brewing potions, and even fewer customers ever buy them. Still, we currently have four different varieties of sufficient quality to be approved for sale by the Guild.”

Seeing Percy remain silent, she continued.

“The most popular ones – relatively speaking – are the healing potions. They can help mend injuries for people below Yellow. Just minor stuff though. No raising the dead or regrowing limbs.”

‘It might be worth having one or two of these on me, for an emergency.’

So far, Percy had survived his first month on the Spire without getting stabbed by the wasps, so he doubted he’d get in much trouble anytime soon. Still, it wouldn’t hurt to have something to fall back to in case of an accident.

“How much?”

The clerk smiled.

“Just 10 points per dose. If we went solely by the price of the ingredients and the expertise required to brew them, they’d be a lot more expensive. However, the supply far exceeds their demand. Our senior alchemists only bother with them whenever they want a break from elixirs. The same is true for the other potions.”

‘Lucky me.’

“I’ll take three of these then.” Percy said.

He didn’t have much money to splurge on them, but if it was a one-time thing he could afford it. He doubted he’d need them replaced anytime soon.

The clerk handed him three glass vials. Apparently, the gemstones were too precious to be used for cheap potions. Percy could see a glowing green liquid swirling inside. Probably some life mana somehow processed into this form. In any case, this wasn’t what he was here for. Tossing the potions into his pockets, he paid the clerk three orange coins, before asking her about the rest.

“Next we have magic potions.” she gestured to a row of vials, their contents shimmering in a light blue colour. “Their main ingredient is a flower with pure mana properties, and they can refill your core once consumed. However, they only contain enough for an Orange core, and the conversion rate to other affinities is abysmal.”

Percy made an odd expression. On paper, it sounded like these potions were tailor made for him. He had a Red core with a pure affinity, which meant there was nobody else on Remior who could benefit more from these potions than him.

A single dose could refill his core thrice over!

Still, Circulation boosted his mana regeneration the most, so he couldn’t recall ever getting in a situation that couldn’t be resolved through his Refined spell. In the end he shook his head, prompting the clerk to continue.

“These are called enlightenment potions. Please pardon us for the tacky name – it is a bit on the nose considering their subpar effect – but they do help you focus for a couple hours after consuming them. They are best used before studying.” she said, pointing to a shelf of bright red potions that looked a bit like glowing blood.

Percy’s eyes widened. They might be handy for him if he decided to read up on alchemy, but that wasn’t what surprised him.

“Do they contain mind mana by any chance?” he asked, trying to mask his inner turmoil.

He probably did a poor job at it, as the clerk chuckled upon seeing his expression.

“Yeah. I’m sure you see the pattern by now. Our alchemists have drawn inspiration from elixirs, trying to brew other affinities into potions, although their results leave much to be desired. None of them exceed what an Orange core is capable of.”

Percy quickly ran some calculations in his head. Baldy had needed around 1800 refills to germinate his second core. If these enlightenment potions contained as much mana as an Orange core, he’d need somewhere around 110,000 doses for Micky. He smiled wryly at that conclusion.

‘That’s over a million contribution points. Do they even have that many in stock?’

Even if he somehow managed to amass the outlandish sum, he’d have to find a way to buy the potions without arousing suspicion. Still, this was his first lead, so it was something to keep in mind for the future.

“Do you want to buy some?” the clerk asked, breaking him out of his thoughts.

“Not right now.”

Micky aside, he definitely wanted to hit the library in the next couple of days. Perhaps the enlightenment potions would be handy at that time, but they weren’t a priority at the moment.

Shrugging, the clerk moved to the final shelf filled with brown potions. This time, she had to brush some cobwebs aside, speaking volumes as to the last time anybody bought any of these.

“This is the final item – and the least popular I’m afraid. They are called rejuvenation potions and you’re meant to drink them before going to bed. Supposedly, they help you rest more overnight, but the difference isn’t huge and it’s not like sleep deprivation is a serious issue in the Guild.”

“You don’t seem very keen on promoting your merchandise.” Percy noted.

The clerk hadn’t really painted any of the potions in a positive light since he got here. It was his first time experiencing something like this in a shop.

She chuckled.

“Well, it’s not like I get a commission based on sales. Besides, all the prices in this shop are fixed according to Guild rules. Also, the profits from the potions are peanuts compared to the elixirs and the demand for those is set in stone, regardless of my conduct. Thank Phoebe for it too. People only volunteer for these posts to relax. Nobody would bother if it was a hassle. So yeah… I might as well be honest with the customers.”

This arrangement suited Percy just fine.

“So, what mana do these contain?” he asked.

“Don’t quote me on this, but I believe it’s a mixture of life and mind mana. However, they are designed to have a more delayed effect compared to the other potions. They basically work by augmenting your body’s natural recovery over a longer period of time. So don’t try relying on them in a pinch, but they’ll probably give you more value for your points overnight.”

“Ok, I’ll take one of these for now.” Percy said.

Truth be told, none of the potions seemed revolutionary, but the brown ones sounded like the most suitable to his situation. He’d try one tonight to see if it helped. A single dose was worth less points than a Starry Worker, so if it let him get an extra kill tomorrow it would pay for itself.

He left after thanking the clerk. Returning home was a pain in the ass, as the shop was in the other side of the settlement.

‘Shit, I have to wake up in five hours. And I still haven’t taken today’s elixirs.’ he grimaced.

Picking up the pace, he made it to his house in a rush, only lamenting the fact that he couldn’t activate Circulation in the middle of the Guild. Not many people were out and about this late, but it wasn’t worth the risk just to sleep a few minutes longer.

As soon as he entered his room, he downed the expensive elixir before getting into the shower. To save time, he circulated his pure mana between his stomach and abdomen while the warm water splashed on his shoulders, washing the grime off him.

The mana burned wherever it passed, as he had overused his channels again. On top of that, his body’s soreness made it a struggle to even stand, but he gritted his teeth to see this through. Half an hour later, he was in his bed, drinking a dose of the diluted elixir.

‘Micky, can you eat the bug now?’

For the next couple of weeks, Percy would need some help generating enough soul mana for the elixirs. They’d arranged for Micky to keep a half-dead Starry Drone by his side, with its stinger broken and its wings clipped, to be eaten on demand.

‘CAW…’

The familiar appeared half-asleep, but a modest trickle of mana still flowed through the connection a few moments later. Percy took deep breaths to reinforce it, as he circulated it between his stomach and sternum.

By the time he finished, there were less than four hours left before sunrise. Picking up the rejuvenation potion, he gave it a swirl, gazing at the brown liquid as if it was the most precious treasure.

He uncorked the vial with his mouth, carelessly spitting the lid on the floor, before gulping the potion down. It wasn’t bitter like the elixirs. It was sweet, reminding him of thinned syrup.

‘I really hope it does something, or tomorrow is going to suck so fucking much.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 52 – Time management

A note from PathOfPen

Depthless Hunger [Underdog | Xianxia | LitRPG | Monster Hunter | Fantasy]

Kai is the hardest working warrior in his generation... and the unluckiest. In a world where most people receive magical skills, classes, or cultivation, Kai has nothing but his wits and his strength. His only choice will be to forge a new path against fate, no matter where it takes him.

Savage monsters pour endlessly from the wasteland, threatening the survival of civilization itself. They say that human strength isn't enough and only those gifted with destined powers have a chance of making a difference. Kai is hungry to fight in that war, to be someone who matters. That hunger will take him across a world stranger and more terrible than he could possibly have imagined.

What to expect:

* "Strong to stronger" slow burn. The MC is an underdog for many chapters before earning his unique ability.

* Stats exist as a natural part of the world. They aren't introduced until several chapters in when the MC unlocks spiritual sight.

* Different magical abilities exist in different regions and balancing them is an essential part of the system.

* One chapter per day, every day, as long as I can keep it up.

Percy woke up feeling… alright.

He stretched out on his bed, before glancing around the dimly lit room. Just enough sunlight seeped through the curtain to cast soft shadows on the walls. Percy wasn’t exactly fully rested, and he’d gladly sleep for another hour if it were an option. As the shopkeeper had said, the effect of the rejuvenation potion was rather modest.

‘Still impressive though…’

All things considered, Percy had barely slept four hours, yet he was less tired than the previous mornings. His soreness remained, but it was muted. Pulling some mana from his abdomen also revealed that his channels had somewhat recovered – at least they didn’t burn as much. Percy was tempted to keep buying the brown potions if only to improve his quality of life. Not feeling like crap had to count for something.

‘No, let’s make sure it gets me some tangible results first.’ he decided, getting up.

Tossing his robe on, he opened his house’s preservation box, taking a bottle of milk out. Next, he hurriedly drank two mouthfuls before rushing out of his house with a loaf of bread held by his teeth, eager to begin hunting. If he managed 30 kills today, he’d absolutely use that as an excuse to justify buying the potions. Half an hour later, Micky tilted his head upon seeing him, clearly noticing he was in a good mood.

CAW?

Percy chuckled, feeling a rare lightness in his steps. Even the colourful motes slowly falling on the mushroom looked prettier than usual.

‘It’s a secret.’ he smirked, acting all mysterious.

CAW! CAW!

The familiar pecked him a few times.

“Ah-Ouch! Fuck! Ok! It’s a thing that made me sleep better!” Percy broke rather easily, rubbing his arm. That only seemed to pour oil in the fire, however.

CAW!! CRAAAA!!! CAW!!!

Percy shielded his face with his elbows, curling on the ground to cover as much of his body as possible.

‘Why are you even complaining?! I’m the one who has Circulation active all day!’

CAW!

Micky sent him the memory of being woken up in the middle of the night.

‘Fine! If they prove useful, I’ll CONSIDER buying you some too.’

Only then did the bird stop torturing him, a satisfied glint in its eye.

‘You extortionist… Have you at least found any wasps on the way here?’ he exhaled in defeat.

Micky remained silent, only sending him a few images of Starry Workers on some nearby mushrooms. Nodding, Percy took a deep breath, and then another… Next, he sprinted towards their first target for the day as the cyan lines shone under his skin.

***

‘CAW! CAW!’ Micky reminded him of his promise as he crossed the final bridge connecting the second level to the Spire’s base.

‘Alright, a deal’s a deal. I’ll bring you one tomorrow.’ the young man replied.

His steps were uneven, as were his breaths. However, a shit-eating grin was plastered all over his face, despite the exhaustion. Today, they had managed to harvest 31 glands, proving the efficacy of the rejuvenation potion!

Well, ok. Perhaps part of it was just luck, another part a placebo. Still, Percy was quite certain his recent purchase had contributed to some extent. After all, once the mana began burning his channels and Circulation started feeling heavier, he was able to push through, keeping the technique active until the end. He doubted he had achieved this through sheer willpower.

Overall, he was satisfied. Not only with the potion but also his improvements since joining the Guild. He and Micky had started with a laughable 14 kills on their first day, yet they had more than doubled that number since.

His only regret was that there didn’t seem to be any room for further improvement. At least not on the second floor. And he wasn’t confident in risking their lives or their secrets on the third one. This meant he had to make do with 465 contribution points per hunt for the foreseeable future, assuming he could keep this up.

‘It’s enough for one core, even if I account for three days of downtime per month.’

Of course, it was possible one of his clones might need longer but, in that case, he’d just have to accept the loss and hope he got something worthwhile in return. More importantly, this would also leave him enough change for two potions per day. One of those had to be his daily dose of the rejuvenation potion – it was already indispensable in his mind.

The second slot placed him in a bit of a dilemma though. On one hand, he wanted to get brown potions for Micky, to compensate the crow for helping him recover soul mana. He needed his help both to use the diluted elixirs with his first core, but also to begin clearing the corresponding set of channels. On the other, he had to start reading up on alchemy. Saving 1000 points for each lecture was out of the question, so his only option was to hit the library and hope the enlightenment potions helped.

And there was another problem.

‘Why can’t there be more than 24 hours in a day?’ Percy felt like tearing his hair out.

His hunting trips already lasted 18 hours – of which one was spent just travelling to and from the mushrooms. He couldn’t cut the time down, else his income would also drop. Of the remaining six hours, one was spent at home drinking elixirs. His other activities – such as socializing with Freddy or exchanging his points – only ate into his sleep. Suffice to say, he couldn’t reduce that any further either.

‘The only way is to learn how to use the elixirs while walking.’

It might take some practice, but it would save him an hour per day. He could spend that either in the library or at home unblocking his channels.

‘Let’s alternate between the two. I’ll do the same with the potions.’

Having settled on a plan, Percy entered the settlement, stopping by Freddy’s for a few minutes. Next, he went to the official shops, this time buying his elixir from the other one. He also got two doses of the rejuvenation potion, one for himself and one to hand to his familiar tomorrow. Only then did he head home, taking a shower and downing one of the new potions before going to bed. He didn’t drink any elixirs today, as he had to adjust the time he took them.

***

Percy got up, feeling even better than yesterday. Evidently, an extra hour of sleep got him even more value out of the potion. After dressing and eating a tomato – no time for a salad – he ran out of his house, taking two doses of elixir with him – a regular and a diluted one. However, he didn’t drink them just yet.

His plan was to take the diluted dose in the afternoon, on the way back. At that point, his body and core would be full of soul mana, right after the hunt ended. This meant he had to cleanse his pure core in the morning, but he couldn’t do that in plain sight. People might notice the mana circulating in his abdomen. Consequently, he waited until he reached the second level to finally swallow the expensive elixir.

‘It’s tougher than I thought.’ he groaned.

Cleansing one’s core required a lot of focus and it was his first time trying it on the move. Making a mistake wasn’t necessarily dangerous, but it could easily waste some of the elixir’s efficacy.

‘At least the Starry Workers don’t attack unprovoked.’

He didn’t know if it was different on the upper floors, but he didn’t have to worry about them bothering him right now. By the time he met up with Micky, the elixir in his stomach had been used up. Percy estimated he’d wasted about 20%, which wasn’t ideal. He sure hoped he’d get better at this soon.

‘It can’t be helped. It’s a useful skill to have anyway.’

Most experienced mages learned this at some point. People like baldy couldn’t afford to waste half an hour sitting still every day.

‘Come to think of it… Can’t I also unblock my channels on the move?’

It would be impossible to do that during a fight, but most of his time was spent travelling atop the giant fungi. In fact, whenever they finished a batch of wasps, Micky provided him with a ton of mana, so his current difficulty in regenerating it by himself wouldn’t be an issue. Of course, he needed the soul mana to recover, but it wouldn’t be lost when he unblocked a channel. It would still be in his body, available to be used later.

‘Doing that while having Circulation active is going to be such a chore though.’ he grimaced.

Like this, Percy would essentially be using every second productively.

Waking up. Travelling to the Fungal Spire while cleansing his second core. Killing a batch of wasps. Clearing his channels while moving to the next batch. Repeating the last two steps for the whole day. Returning to the Guild while cleansing his first core. Exchanging his points and buying potions and elixirs. Spending an hour in the library. Sleeping.

His routine would only change slightly once a month when he sent out a new clone. At that point, he’d have to take a break from hunting, but it would also be his best chance to put more time into studying, so he wasn’t going to waste it.

He frowned.

Strictly speaking, this was arguably torture. However, if he stuck to it, he’d be making rapid progress towards multiple goals. Whenever he reached one of them, he’d be able to relax somewhat.

Eventually, using the elixirs while walking would become effortless. Also, after mastering Circulation with his second core, he wouldn’t have to worry about it either. Plus, he could reconsider hunting on the third level at that point.

And these were just the short-term milestones. One of his clones was bound to stumble upon something interesting sooner or later. Not to mention that once he became an alchemist, he might be able to stop hunting entirely. And even if everything else failed, his second core should advance to Orange in a little over three years too. Although he sure hoped another of his projects would bear fruit before then.

Percy grinned.

‘Pain is temporary. Gains are forever.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 53 – Three pillars

A note from PathOfPen

Broker

Let hope out and try again.

The opening of Pandora's Box changed the world, giving rise to an age of superhumans and monsters. Yet mankind was not safe from its own hubris, and in the end, it destroyed itself. It's the end of the world, but Sonya Chernovna has been given a chance for a redo. With her memories of the world to come and her deep hatred of the society that had risen out of Pandora's Light, Sonya sets out to change the future.

Even if it means being the most heinous villain that ever lived.

* * *

What to expect:

--An overpowered protagonist with an ability that forces her to think rather than simply decimate everyone in front of her.

--Focus on organization building, the politics of the world, and spreading influence rather than oversaturated violence.

--This is a regression series.

--Sex-positive protagonist with a GL subplot. Protagonist will have many partners over the course of the series and may or may not have an OTP.

--Protagonist will make mistakes, despair, and triumph.

One of the Guild’s largest buildings stood before Percy. It was made out of the same polished stones as all the houses and shops, covered from top to bottom in intricate glyphs, shimmering faintly whenever the colourful motes landed on them.

He’d walked past the library many times since joining, although he’d never entered. And he wasn’t alone in that. Apparently very few people ever bothered, as it wasn’t the easiest way to learn alchemy.

‘Let’s do this then. My time here is limited after all.’

At least the place was always open, so he wouldn’t have to tailor his schedule to any inconvenient opening hours. He only needed to press his badge against a rune to be allowed inside. As soon as he gazed upon the countless towering bookcases, his heart began racing.

‘Gods, I’ve missed reading!’

It used to be his main pastime growing up, but he’d been too busy over the last couple of years. Glancing around the room, he saw two middle-aged men dressed in blue, sitting on different tables. Each had a pile of books by their side. However, both had stopped what they were doing, giving him strange looks.

‘What? Did I do something wrong?’

On closer inspection, one of them was the guy who’d given him the introductory lecture a month earlier. Percy never caught his name, but he did feel grateful for the freebie. He walked up to him, with a smile on his face. In his experience, the man was approachable, and he could use some help finding what he needed.

“Good evening, sir!” he whispered to avoid bothering the other guy who’d returned to reading by now.

“Did something happen outside?” the alchemist asked in concern, skipping the pleasantries.

Percy furrowed his brow.

“No? Why do you ask?”

The man stared at him in confusion for a few moments.

“I see… It’s just that I can’t remember the last time I saw anybody under a century old in here.”

Percy smiled wryly.

‘Yeah, no shit.’

“Well, I’m currently broke, so this is my only means of getting into alchemy.” he said. “Actually, I wanted to thank you for that lesson you gave recently. I was hoping you could point me to some suitable books for beginners. If it’s not too much trouble of course!”

The man’s expression brightened like the morning sun as soon as alchemy was brought up.

“Don’t mention it! As I said back then, the Guild can use as many alchemists as we can get. It brings me great joy whenever I see young people willing to delve into the field.”

Standing up, the man hurriedly walked to a certain corner of the room, motioning him to follow.

“Sadly, these are all the books we have on the subject.” he gestured to an old, dusty bookcase.

“Seriously?”

These were less than 5% of the books in the building. Pretty neglected too – compared to everything else.

“What about the rest?”

The alchemist chuckled.

“History, geography, politics, novels… Those are a lot more popular. Only old people frequent this place, and most of them are already experienced alchemists after all.”

Percy nodded. The thing about a world as old as Remior was that there was never a lack of material for people to read and write about. Countless wars took place every year between the various noble Houses. Alliances, betrayals, epic battles… If there was one thing authors and bards alike never had to worry about, it was sources of inspiration to draw from.

“I suggest you start with these for now.” the man said, breaking him out of his thoughts.

Next, he handed him four leather-bound tomes, one after another. The stack might have felt heavy if he was still at Red.

“Feel free to ask me if you have any questions. I spend most of my nights in here.”

The implication made Percy’s heart skip a beat. It would be rude to keep bothering the alchemist if he never offered, but now things were different. Between the books, the potion and the elder’s help, wasn’t this like getting another free lesson?

“Thank you, sir! I really appreciate it.”

“Just call me Orin.” the man replied, already returning to his table.

Following suit, Percy picked another vacant spot, before setting down the books. Next, he removed them from the pile, laying them side by side, before blowing at them, raising a cloud of dust in the process.

‘When was the last time anybody read these?’ he thought amidst coughs.

In any case, he could finally make out their titles.

‘Common reagents: flowers, herbs and minerals’

‘Known recipes for elixirs’

‘A guide to brewing’

‘The three pillars of nectar purification’

Percy decided to start with the last one, assuming it was the most fundamental. With less than half an hour left, he doubted he’d get far tonight, so he didn’t waste the enlightenment potion. Opening the tome, he quickly skimmed through the fluff in the first few pages before his eyes settled on something interesting.

‘…and thus, the central idea is to process the nectar into a form more suitable for core purification. In its raw state, the beast mana would run amok, causing great damage over a few seconds. What we want instead, is to alter some of its properties, so that it can be used safely and effectively. These transformations are separated into distinct categories, which are formally called the three pillars…’

Percy was glad to have started with this one. He still didn’t fully understand what the brewing process involved, so learning about specific ingredients and recipes should come later. Reading on, he soon found the definitions he was interested in.

‘The first pillar is the pacification of the nectar. Simply put, it involves a class of materials that cause the beast mana to act in a delayed manner, allowing the elixirs to be slowly used over several minutes instead of rampaging in one’s core within a handful of seconds.’

‘Huh, I bet it’s the same thing they use to make the rejuvenation potions work overnight, contrary to the healing potions.’ Percy realised.

But there was more there, so he continued.

‘The second pillar is the redirection of the nectar. This step involves adding materials which make the beast mana react more strongly to the impurities found in a core, rather than the core itself. As for the third pillar, it is called deattunement. If it wasn’t for this, the beast mana would counteract the user’s mana, wasting the effect of the elixir before it even reached one’s core. Deattunement allows the nectar to blend peacefully with another affinity, so that it can be safely guided from one’s stomach to their sternum.’

Percy reread the text a few more times to make sure he understood everything.

‘Pacification, redirection and deattunement. I guess all the various recipes just substitute a different ingredient for each of the three pillars.’

Almost out of time, he quickly dove back into the book to make as much progress as possible.

‘Naturally, each of the three pillars is essential to the brewing process, but they do not come without a cost. Every time the nectar is mixed with a different ingredient, some of the beast mana is lost. And this exchange has to occur thrice in each session. Beginners often struggle to get past even one of the steps without wasting the nectar. An alchemist’s skill is quantified based on how much elixir they manage to retain by the end of the third one.’

The book went on to divulge some general information about the three pillars and what types of plants tended to fall into each category. As expected, dozens of known ingredients were suitable for each step, giving rise to thousands of recipes.

That said, about 80% of the process was transferable from one recipe to another. Some plants required special handling, introducing some additional variable, but for the most part there was no clear ‘winner’ among the recipes. It was just a question of what materials were available and what the alchemist was most familiar with.

‘I wish I could stay longer.’ he sighed.

Even though he had yet to delve into alchemy proper, Percy had still enjoyed reading up on the theory. Sadly, he couldn’t extend today’s session without affecting tomorrow’s hunt. Returning the books to the shelf, he gave Orin an apologetic smile before leaving. The man frowned upon seeing him go so early.

A few minutes later he made it home. After showering, he drank the rejuvenation potion and went to bed. Staring up at his ceiling, he thought back to Orin’s disappointed expression as he bade him farewell.

‘Huh, he probably thinks I got bored after half an hour.’ Percy smiled bitterly.

But there was nothing he could do about it. Actions spoke louder than words and besides…

‘I’ll be back.’

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 54 – Orin

A note from PathOfPen

In a distant future, Alexander wakes to a reality where his past is a fog and his consciousness inhabits a robot body. Faced with a fragmented memory and an uncertain future, he embarks on a quest for answers. Amidst the hum of his repair shop, where he scrapes by, he delves into the mystery of his transformation.

As Alexander forges ahead, stitching together the threads of his identity, unexpected companions join his journey. Among them is a precocious girl whose presence sparks forgotten emotions, offering a glimpse of his lost humanity. Yet, in the shadows, lurk those drawn by his technological prowess, casting ominous shadows over his path.

Caught between the pursuit of understanding and the threat of those who covet his abilities, Alexander confronts a pivotal question: will he succumb to adversity or emerge from the crucible stronger than before?

Lukewarm.

If Orin had to pick a word to describe his life, it would be that. He enjoyed what he did of course – enough to forget about the bitterness in his past, but his daily routine hadn’t changed much in a long time.

It had been several centuries since he left home to join the Guild as an aspiring alchemist. He still missed his family from time to time, his House having long been destroyed.

Not being there for his parents and sister in their final moments was one of his few regrets. Still, he understood he couldn’t have changed much even if he’d stayed. Born with an Orange core, Orin hadn’t even reached Green back when the disaster struck.

His only solace was he didn’t have to worry about the brutality running rampant across Remior as long as he remained within the walls of the Guild. Nobody dared to stir trouble under the noses of both the Divine Order and the Great Houses.

Even better was he’d found his true calling here. Harnessing nature for humanity’s sake, using the raw nectar to refine elixirs – Remior’s lifeblood – was Orin’s greatest passion in life.

Something about the art truly resonated with him. Perhaps it was the respect it garnered from mortals and gods alike. Maybe it was the satisfaction he drew knowing he personally contributed to his world’s survival. Or it could just be that challenging himself to improve every day, to find new ways of increasing his yield was a ton of fun.

In fact, if there was one thing the old codger liked as much as brewing, it was mentoring youngsters and passing along the art to the next generation.

‘If only they cared half as much to learn.’

The Guild didn’t exactly lack manpower. Sure, they couldn’t provide for the Red-borns of Remior, but who cared about them anyway?

There were plenty of elixirs to go around for the Orange-borns and above. Plus, new members kept joining the Guild in droves. Most of them picked up alchemy too – sooner or later. Even the lazier ones eventually managed to save up enough points.

However, Orin had a soft spot for the rare few who bothered learning the art properly – paying as much attention to the underlying theory as they did for demonstrations and lessons.

That was why he’d been so excited when he first saw Percy in the library. Sure, the boy had probably been driven there by his empty pockets – not a pure appreciation for the subject. Still, it warmed Orin’s heart to see somebody diving into the books in earnest. The others who only blindly copied their elders rarely surpassed a yield of 35%. They also never brought any new insights into the field, causing it to stagnate.

So great had his enthusiasm been, that his dejection had been equally grand seeing the boy give up mere minutes after starting.

‘Huh, just like the rest of them.’ he’d thought at the time.

But to Orin’s great shock, the boy had returned the next day, at about the same time – if a few minutes earlier perhaps. Percy had picked up the books again, resuming exactly where he had left off.

The old alchemist hadn’t missed the youngster swallowing a dose of a red potion too. He’d recognised it of course – Orin had brewed a lot of the Guild’s potions personally. Not many of his peers cared much about this lesser branch of alchemy.

‘Smart. This is one of the best uses for the enlightenment potions.’

It was only at that point Orin realized Percy hadn’t left the previous night out of boredom, but necessity.

Over the following few days, he paid more attention to the context clues. Percy always arrived at the library at around the same time – just before midnight. He never stayed longer than an hour, but he always had a distraught expression when leaving. Clearly, the boy wanted to keep reading, but had to cut his trips short.

His eyes were also tired the whole time. There was never a speck of dust on the young man’s orange robe – the self-cleaning runes doing their job admirably – but Orin didn’t miss the traces of dried sweat all over his face.

‘He spends all day hunting!’ Orin had realized.

It wasn’t that strange for a new member to spend a lot of time on the Spire. It was common for newcomers to do that. After all, it was the easiest way to save up enough points before switching to alchemy. That said, the vast majority were Orange-borns who didn’t need more than 8 to 10 hours of work to cover their needs.

This was his first time meeting a boy who was not only willing to learn the art the hard way, but who struggled to find enough time for it. The revelation made his heart quiver, to the point he no longer minded offering to answer Percy’s questions. Originally, Orin had regretted the words as soon as they’d left his mouth.

He’d volunteered to mentor others in the past, but that never went well. The youngsters tended to ask simple questions at first. However, they kept demanding more and more, until eventually it all turned into a one-to-one lesson, with Orin spoon-feeding them everything.

But that wasn’t what Percy did.

For the most part, the boy had done his best to study by himself. Even when he seemed stuck, he went back to the books, trying to figure out the answer on his own. Very rarely did he take Orin up on his offer and, even then, he only asked specific questions related to the problem he was facing.

Over time, the old man truly came to appreciate Percy’s work ethic and his dedication. The boy never missed a day, although he only used a potion every other night. Apparently, it was the most he could afford.

Once a month, the young man seemed to take a break from hunting for a few days. Orin was curious, but he didn’t ask, respecting the boy’s privacy. Percy almost lived in the library during those days, taking the opportunity to get a lot more reading done than usual.

Sadly, he didn’t use the potions at that time, as they didn’t last very long, and he didn’t have the funds to keep guzzling them down one after another. He also seemed to endure some headaches during those days. Maybe he suffered from some chronic illness?

In any case, Orin had come to lament Percy’s lower grade.

He felt it was a true injustice that such a hard-working young man was cursed with the lowest birthright on Remior. Then again, perhaps it was a blessing. Maybe the boy wouldn’t have been so passionate about learning if he’d grown up with a silver spoon in his mouth like the rest.

Either way, the young man kept visiting the library, night after night, month after month. Through the scarce scraps of time he could invest into alchemy, Percy slowly devoured all the books Orin recommended, even rereading a couple of them. Eventually, the old alchemist watched the boy return the final book to its shelf, his expression an odd cocktail of triumph and dejection.

“Congratulations Percy!” he said. “You’ve read everything we have on alchemy!”

“Thank you, sir. I couldn’t have made it this far without your help.”

Orin shook his head.

“I didn’t do much. I barely gave you a couple tips here and there. What do you plan to do next? I bet you’re itching to try brewing an elixir yourself, aren’t you?”

The boy smiled bitterly but didn’t say anything. He didn’t need to.

“Six months.” Orin said.

Percy tilted his head.

“I’ll provide the materials you need for the next six months, four hours per day. You can keep any elixir you manage to brew too, so even if your yield is horrible at the start, you might be able to make up for the shorter hunting trips in due time.”

The boy’s jaw slackened. Orin chuckled at the sight. Only about a minute later did Percy seem to find the words.

“Sir, I can’t express how grateful I am… But may I ask why?”

Orin shrugged.

“Why not? I’m filthy rich. It won’t really affect me if I buy you some nectar.”

Percy still appeared confused.

“I mean, I get that. Still, wouldn’t it be cheaper if you gave some more free lectures like before? That way, a lot more people would benefit than just me.”

The old alchemist scoffed.

“I could do that, but why bother? Most of those kids can afford the lessons and the materials by themselves if they put a tiny bit more effort. I’d rather help the one who actually needs it.”

Percy’s eyes glistened with tears. He looked like he was about to hug him too. Orin chuckled, placing his hand on the boy’s forehead to keep him at bay.

“But I meant it when I said it’s only for six months. There’s no guarantee you’ll manage to brew any elixir by then.”

“What you get out of this is up to you.”

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 55 – A message from a god

A note from PathOfPen

Cultivation Nerd (xianxia)

Liu Feng wanted to be a cultivator who defied the heavens, surpassed all limits, and had jade-skinned beauties clamoring around him. He wanted to fight anyone who got in his way, and shatter the arrogance of those young masters!

Unfortunately for him, he died, and now I'm stuck here.

Jade-like beauties? No thanks, I have an awesome magical energy to study.

Young masters? Life and death battles? No, I would rather read some books on cultivation, and master some techniques that clearly don't obey the laws of physics.

There is a junior who has trash talent but suddenly started advancing by leaps and bounds? And he seems to be favored by the heavens themselves? Yeah, that has nothing to do with me.

_

Release Schedule: Daily, unless something comes up.

Tags and content warnings are mainly to give me creative freedom later on. This is my first novel ever, so go easy on me bruvs. Any feedback is more than welcome, of course.

Percy’s past few weeks had been rough – to say the least. His last clone had been another dud, just like the five before it. He’d found himself in the body of a fish that barely survived an hour before getting eaten.

‘By a fucking crab too!’ the memory still made his blood boil.

At this point, he wasn’t sure if he’d been lucky with his first two clones, or unlucky with the rest. Probably both.

However, that was where the bad news ended. Last night, he finished the alchemy books, and Orin generously offered to sponsor him for half a year. It really was like the proverbial light at the end of the tunnel, as he’d been trying to figure out how to fund his studies for a while now. His hunting trips had capped out at 32 kills per day since three months ago, with no further improvements in sight.

At least, he could now afford both Micky’s rejuvenation potions and the ones he needed to study, but he still struggled to save up any more points past that. At this rate, he’d be stuck until he managed to use Circulation with both cores.

That said, he’d made some progress towards that. He’d already finished clearing the rest of his channels and even mastered drinking the elixirs while moving. His soul had also grown a lot stronger after sending so many clones. Right now, using his bloodline didn’t cause any new tears to form – other than the large chunk he carved out deliberately of course. The only steps left were to temper the channels to their limits and figure out a suitable pattern for the soul mana to flow in. Of course, there were some issues there, but he hoped he’d solve them in due time.

Still, Orin’s help was the key to delving into alchemy a lot sooner than he could have otherwise. Percy hoped his strong theoretical background would let him reach the minimum thresholds more easily than other newbies.

‘I have to make Orin’s funding count. I need to reach a 15% yield by the end. Losing only half the value of the materials is going to sting less.’

Percy stopped in front of a stone house, slightly larger than his own. Senior alchemists who had contributed a lot to the Guild were given an upgraded home with its own private alchemy lab. The rest had to make do with the public ones. Luckily, Percy’s mentor had offered him his own. He was even going to guide him through the process! Well, only for his first few attempts, but it was still massive.

‘I can’t believe I’m finally doing this for real.’

Reading about alchemy for so long without being able to put the lessons to practice had been quite frustrating to say the least. It was like baking cakes without being allowed a bite.

‘Or in my case, I suppose I wasn’t even able to bake the cakes. Just memorizing the recipes…’ he chuckled.

He was about to knock on the door, when something unexpected happened. A shockwave coursed through him, making all the buildings around him tremble slightly. A gentle but firm breeze soon followed, sending all the motes in the air flying to the south. Percy squinted as a few landed in his eyes in quick succession.

‘What’s going on?!’

Orin’s door opened, the man walking out of his house with an equally perplexed expression. The same happened with a few of his neighbours – the ones who were at home presumably. Everyone just stood outside, trying to make sense of the event. Percy had never seen anything like this since joining the Guild, and from what he gathered, neither had these seniors.

“Is somebody dumb enough to attack us?” he asked his mentor.

It was only now that the old alchemist even registered he was there. He gave him a reassuring smile, before shrugging.

“I doubt it, but even if some House has gone crazy, there’s nothing to worry about. We have 5 Violet cores stationed here, so even a Great House would struggle to do much.”

Percy nodded, but he still wasn’t fully convinced.

“Attention, denizens of Remior! This is a message broadcast by Hermes, one of the 12 gods of the Divine Order!” a booming voice said.

The young man couldn’t tell where the sound was coming from. It was as if it came from everywhere and nowhere, all at once. As if each pebble on the ground and each speck of dust in the air was eager to relay the god’s will.

“Today is a joyous day for our world!” Hermes continued, oblivious to Percy’s thoughts. “As you all know, our Order is constantly at war with other races – A war over land, lives and resources. Usually, these conflicts do not spill over to the rest of you – the mortals of Remior – but a recent development has granted us a grand opportunity that we can share with some of you.”

Awed exclamations followed from the alchemists surrounding Percy. Everyone knew the Order often came across unique treasures with miraculous powers. However, they tended to monopolize them among themselves. Some people weren’t happy with that arrangement but, honestly, Percy understood where the gods were coming from. After all, they were the ones who fought tooth and nail to protect them all. Plus, they were their spoils of war, so they did deserve to keep them.

“You may be wondering why we’re being so generous all of a sudden, but that will become clear once I describe the properties of this bizarre item we have recently procured. It’s called the Lotus of a Myriad Rivers. Although, strictly speaking it’s not the lotus itself we’re in possession of, but the seed of one.

In any case, as you may imagine, this object is not native to Remior. It’s something we’ve competed against rival races to obtain from a recently vanquished world. And its effect is something you’ve all dreamt of at some point in your lives. No, scratch that. This is something that WE’VE all dreamt about – including many of our gods. After all, once the lotus fully blossoms, it can change one’s affinity!”

It was Percy’s turn to draw a sharp breath at that revelation. This was something that had truly bothered him ever since he discovered his second core’s affinity. He’d long hypothesised he might be able to find a solution out there in his travels. But he couldn’t have predicted the solution would present itself to him back at home, in such a manner!

‘I have to get this at all costs!’

“Now here’s the catch. As the name of the plant implies, you can’t exactly get whatever affinity piques your fancy. Once consumed, a petal of the lotus will add a water affinity to one’s core. According to our current understanding, it won’t do anything if you already possess the water affinity. Neither will it work with the rare or composite ones. However, it does work with other elemental affinities, merging with them. In other words, if you have a fire or earth affinity, you will end up with steam or mud respectively, and so on.”

Percy grimaced at that. Those who lacked an affinity like him were already 20% of the population, but now he’d also have to compete with those with fire, earth, air or lightning. It meant about 84% of the people on Remior would want a petal…

“Yes, as you have probably realized, almost everyone you know can use it. As fate would have it, there’s plenty of it to go around, however!

Once again, the name of the treasure might have already clued you in, but the lotus will generate a total of 10,000 petals when it blooms. And – lucky you – we currently only have about 7,000 members in the Order who can benefit from it.

In theory, we could delay planting the seed until we have more people, but nobody knows how long that would take, as we can’t exactly control the rate by which talented individuals are born. Plus, we are firmly of the philosophy that the treasure won’t do us any good if we keep it in storage forever.

So, we have already planted it – and the petals will be available for us all in five short years. A blink of an eye for us gods, and even the more competent of you mortals. Still a long time for the Red-born runts though.”

The god chuckled.

Percy didn’t appreciate somehow being the butt of a joke even during a divine transmission, but he was excited enough to let it slide.

“Ah, and just in case you smartasses think we haven’t considered storing the excess petals for later – surprise! We are not as dumb as you think!

Sadly, they will wither away into nothing exactly 23 days, 7 hours, 12 minutes and 45.2 seconds after the plant blooms, no matter what we do. There is no preservation array that can change that. Even time dilation won’t work.

It’s actually the first time we – Remior specifically – got our hands on this bad boy, but other races have documented trying to cheat the system, only to end up crying over the wasted petals.”

This time, the crowd around Percy erupted into cheers. Of course, everyone understood they probably wouldn’t be among the lucky few to get a petal, but there was still plenty to be excited about. The news that the Divine Order had achieved another important victory gave them all some peace of mind. And, after this, their world would grow stronger still!

“Yes! We are amazing and all that!” Hermes said after a couple of minutes. “In any case, I’m running out of juice for the spell, so let me wrap this up real quick. To summarize, we have this neat thing in the oven that will give anyone with a pure or elemental affinity an upgrade five years from now. There are about 3,000 spots we are willing to share and around 1,000 noble Houses on Remior.

We could have tried to come up with a more elaborate system to decide who gets them but, frankly, we don’t give a shit. So, we’ll just hand three petals to each House and they can do whatever with them. Even if you’re a commoner it doesn’t necessarily mean you are screwed. You can still try buttering up one of the Houses if you’ve got anything of value to give them, but that’s your problem, not mine.

Ba-bye!”

A note from PathOfPen

Thanks for reading! If you haven't already, please consider leaving a rating or, even better, a review. Every little bit helps - especially as long as we're still on Rising Stars, as it gets more eyes on the story :)

Chapter 56 – Calm before the storm

A note from PathOfPen

What Will Be | Book 1: Perseverance

Death is the end. At least, it should be. When Will is ripped from the life he has and the woman he loves, the last thing he expects is to be reborn as a baby with his memories intact. In a world where magic makes the impossible a reality, how much of his new life is Will prepared to sacrifice for the chance to reclaim what he lost?

—

For fans of Reincarnation, Progression Fantasy, LitRPG and slow burn stories.

Releases Scheduled for Wednesday and Friday 3:30AM AEDT

Discord: Click Here

Until otherwise noted, this work will only be available on RoyalRoad or my Patreon. If you see this work published elsewhere, it is not with my consent.

“Careful. Careful! Stir it! STIR IT!!!”

Percy followed his mentor’s instructions, picking up the pace. However, before he even got the chance to celebrate the broken lumps, more bubbles began to form in the cauldron.

“Shit!”

It took him a couple seconds too long to remember what he was supposed to do. Brushing his fingers over the rune controlling the temperature, he hurriedly dialled it down a notch, but the mixture was already threatening to boil over.

SSSS

A few drops landed outside, soon evaporating into wisps of steam, causing Percy’s heart to clench. Each of those was a wasted contribution point!

Pinching a touch of powder from a bowl, he tossed it into the concoction, causing the bubbles to die down more quickly. Of course, this wasn’t without cost. Every mistake he made either killed some of the elixir’s efficacy directly or delayed the process – indirectly resulting in a lower yield.

“Well, that was positively atrocious.” Orin said a few minutes later, staring at the useless sludge in the cauldron.

Percy plopped down on a chair, before wiping the sweat off his brow. He was too embarrassed to look his mentor in the eyes. The alchemist chuckled, patting him on the shoulder.

“Don’t let this get to you kid. This was your first time trying this. You should have seen me back when I was starting out. It took me a month just to get through the pacification step. I’m sure you’ll get it down within the week.”

Percy sighed. Brewing an elixir was nothing like reading about it in a book. There were a ton of things that could go wrong with each attempt, and it was an alchemist’s job to deal with any issues that came up promptly and effectively.

If he had to explain alchemy to an amateur, Percy would liken it to a song played by two clueless musicians – the nectar and the secondary ingredient. In this analogy, the alchemist was like the conductor, who had to somehow fix the shoddy performance, blending the dissonant tunes into something acceptable. No matter what he did, it would never sound good, but he could minimize both the duration of the piece and the number of mistakes that slipped through, to spare the audience’s ears from the pain.

‘Or in this case, to spare my wallet from the loss.’

It wasn’t like the recipes outlined everything perfectly either. The nectar was an organic product, and it wasn’t homogeneous from one vial to the next. There were subtle differences not only between wasps, but even a pair of drops coming from the same gland. Consequently, no two brewing sessions would ever go the same. Percy had to learn to recognize problems before they even manifested, relying on various clues such as faint odours or minor changes in the colour of the mixture.

‘And I have to preserve over two thirds of the nectar after each step, if I want to end up with a 25% yield.’

“Let’s stop here for today. Technically, we’ve got some time left, but I can see you’re still rattled by the god’s message.” Orin said, breaking him out of his thoughts.

Percy didn’t deny it. He’d known about the existence of gods his whole life, but he’d never seen one in person. Well, that was still true of course, but he had experienced one’s spell today, and it was truly eye opening.

Hermes had somehow affected the whole world with his magic!

Sure, it wasn’t some apocalyptic spell bringing ruin and destruction on Remior or anything crazy – just straightforward transmission magic. However, Percy still had difficulty picturing the insane amount of mana it should have required.

And then, there were the god’s words. The deity definitely seemed a little long-winded and downright eccentric – Percy didn’t know if that was a common side-effect of divinity. That said, it was the substance of the message that interested him the most.

‘In five years, I’ll have a chance to fix my second affinity!’

It was still going to be difficult – but not impossible. He didn’t have to worry about the 7,000 petals the Divine Order would keep to themselves, or the other nearly 3,000 handed to the rest of Remior. He merely had to snatch one of the three spots in his own House!

The good news was, of the 500 people in his family, about 60% had been born with the life affinity. He only had to compete with the remaining 200. In fact, there were even fewer, considering 16% already had a water affinity. Elaine and Gawain came to mind. However, there weren’t many Red-borns left in their family. Most of those 170 eligible people had a stronger claim to the treasure than him.

‘Yeah, fuck that. If it comes down to it, I’ll trade Circulation for it.’

He’d rather not deal with the fallout of such a rash move, but he wouldn’t pass up a one-in-a-lifetime opportunity just to keep a secret. In any case, he had five years to figure something out.

“Sir, are you going to compete for a petal too?”

Orin appeared to ponder over his question for a few moments.

“I could. But I don’t think I will, no.”

“Why not?”

“Well, Hermes didn’t say anything about giving the Guild any petals. That’s probably because all our members are nobles, so they can all just go back to their family for the event. However, my House was destroyed a long time ago.”

“But you’re a senior alchemist! And forgive me for putting it so bluntly, but you’ve said it yourself that you’re loaded! Surely you can cut a deal with one of the smaller Houses!”

Orin nodded.

“Indeed, that’s why I said I could do it. And truth be told, it would be fun to upgrade my fire affinity to steam. It would certainly give me a fun toy to play around in my old age. Hahaha!”

“But it won’t affect my alchemy, and I can’t even remember the last time I got into a fight. I don’t really need this, so I’d rather leave it for somebody who does. What about you?”

Percy smiled wryly.

“I have a soul affinity already. Also, I can think of an uncle or two who would lose their shit if a Red-born like me got a petal.”

Lying to his mentor – even if only by omission – felt wrong. Especially given how much Orin had done for him. But Percy hadn’t known him for long, so he couldn’t risk telling him about his second core. He’d already reported his soul affinity to the Guild too. On paper, he had neither the need nor the means to compete for a petal, so he’d have to play the part.

“Percy.” Orin spoke in a sombre tone. “Don’t leave the Guild in the next five years.”

“Huh? Why not?” the young man asked.

“This announcement sounds like a good thing… And, well… It IS a good thing, for the most part.” the old alchemist said, before elaborating. “However, it will also bring a lot of chaos in the foreseeable future. It’s better to stay out of trouble until it all blows over.”

Percy wasn’t sure he understood. Back when he heard the message, he did consider the noble Houses might intensify their conflicts over the petals. However, he quickly concluded they wouldn’t. After all, Hermes said every House would get three of them. He didn’t say you’d get more if you destroyed a rival family. That would be a barbaric message to send, wouldn’t it?
