2. Kasaya are the robes of fully ordained Buddhist monks and nuns, named after a brown or saffron dye. In Sanskrit and Pali, these robes are also given the more general term civara, which references the robes without regard to color. ☜

3. The young woman is referring to a specific type of sparring here (搭手), and this type of sparring involves contact between the forearms similar to how sparring in tai chi would work. ☜

Chapter 378 (2): Monk in White Kasaya

Not long ago, Pei Qian had still been complaining about the fact that they had only come across the yellow earth bull but no other spirits or ghosts after leaving Wasp Tail Ferry Station.

Right now, Pei Qian was listening to the conversation between the two groups of cultivators very carefully. This was the cultivation world! She also had to enter the cultivation world in the future, so she needed to listen more and learn more right now.

Zhu Lian quietly nodded to himself. There were many layers of meaning behind Gang Leader Zhu's words.

"If I'm not mistaken, Old Gang Leader Zhu, you want to take this young girl to the Golden Osmanthus Temple and have her cultivate immortal techniques there. But are you aware that the temple master of Golden Osmanthus is an old acquaintance of Blusher Hall?" the old woman revealed with an expression of ridicule.

"Of the nine disciples that they're taking, it's already been decided that one will be from Blusher Hall. Moreover, it was the old immortal who personally agreed to this. In other words, we're only climbing Azure Waist Mountain as a formality. If the sharp-tongued young girl sitting beside you genuinely possesses some cultivation aptitude and is fancied by the temple master, then she does indeed have a chance to call Qingcheng her senior sister."

The young girl from Blusher Hall flushed slightly red in embarrassment.

The round-faced young girl looked at her and giggled, "Oh, so your name is Morning?[1] Well, my name is Night."

Zhu Fengxian smiled faintly and replied, "The temple master of the Golden Osmanthus Temple is a rare and genuine immortal, and it's because of this that I was willing to return to the cultivation world now that he's opening the doors of the temple to recruit nine disciples. However, the Golden Osmanthus Temple isn't the only immortal force in the Azure Phoenix Nation. In other words, I can kill all of you first before bringing my granddaughter to some other immortal force. Of course, I could also leave and instruct the disciples of the Great Marsh Gang to guard your girl in secret. They'll surely teach her how to cultivate in peace."

The old woman's expression became dark, and she said with a cold chuckle, "Bring her to some other immortal force? That's easy for you to say! Why did the old immortal from the Golden Osmanthus Temple set an age limit for the disciples? Are you not clear about this, Zhu Fengxian? If you delay things for two or three more years, then your granddaughter can forget about cultivating to become an immortal. Even if she's accepted into an immortal force thanks to the influence of the Great Marsh Gang, she'll probably become nothing more than a maidservant who can only serve other people. You should be aware that cultivating in immortal forces is a ruthless task, so do you need me to teach you about this principle again?"

Zhu Fengxian's expression also turned dark.

Even the expression of the round-faced young girl who looked deceptively innocent became cloudy.

The old woman had no idea that she wasn't a pure martial artist, but a third-tier Qi refiner.

Even so, the round-faced young girl was aware that a delay of two to three years during her youth would indeed be extremely detrimental to her cultivation. When she advanced to the Middle Five Tiers in the future, she might need to spend dozens of years to make up for this delay of two to three years during her youth.

In the words of her grandpa, Zhu Fengxian, and the military adviser from the Great Marsh Gang, she was a one-in-one-hundred-year cultivation prodigy. Unfortunately, the Great Marsh Gang only had a single immortal scripture in their arsenal. Even though this immortal scripture was quite high grade, it could only help one advance to the Middle Five Tiers.

This immortal scripture was from some immortal force that had long since disappeared from the Azure Phoenix Nation, and it didn't explain how one could become an earth immortal who treated clouds as food and dew as drink and traveled tens of thousands of kilometers on the wind. This scripture was most likely for all internal disciples to cultivate, while the secret techniques passed down through the ancestral hall of the immortal force were only accessible to the direct disciples of the elders.

Pei Qian listened on with relish as she squatted beside Chen Ping'an. She felt like these kinds of verbal arguments were the most interesting. In fact, this was even more interesting than the catfights between women that she had witnessed on the streets of the Southern Garden Nation's capital when she was little.

Chen Ping'an couldn't help but feel slightly worried. Neither party was a pushover, so he was afraid that their war of words would eventually transform into a war of fists and blades. The cave was only so big, so there would be nowhere for them to hide from any stray attacks. Perhaps he should speak up and warn them now? Or perhaps he should tell the Great Marsh Gang and Blusher Hall to fight outside?

Chen Ping'an sighed and stood up, directly walking between the two parties before arriving at the entrance of the rock cave. He grabbed the remaining half of the Yang Energy Illumination Talisman from his sleeve with two fingers, and a small flicker of golden yellow flame appeared on the talisman again, appearing like a swaying blade of grass in the gentle spring breeze even though it was being attacked by such ferocious wind and rain.

The small flame calmly flickered on the talisman, and Chen Ping'an turned to the two parties in the rock cave and said with a smile, "There's something strange about this downpour, and an abnormal yin energy has remained strong right from the very beginning. It's very likely that this is being orchestrated by some sinister Qi refiners hiding in the shadows. The immortals from the Golden Osmanthus Temple haven't come out to address the situation yet, so it's best to remain vigilant when you climb Azure Waist Mountain and head to the temple.

"Why not set aside your differences for now? The cultivation paths of the two young ladies are already within reach, and this is naturally the topmost priority for both of you right now. Climbing this mountain is essentially setting foot on the path of cultivation."

Chen Ping'an glanced at the two young girls before continuing, "Why burn bridges and make your cultivation paths narrower? If you dislike each other, you can turn around and go your separate ways. The path of the Great Dao is wide enough, after all."

Zhu Fengxian nodded and concurred with a smile, "You are indeed correct. I hope you'll have an opportunity to visit my Great Marsh Gang in the future, and I'll definitely welcome you with a grand banquet."

Even though he was only being polite, these were polite words personally uttered by Old Demon Zhu Fengxian, after all. At the very least, they would carry quite some weight in the cultivation world of the Azure Phoenix Nation.

The old woman glanced at the yellow paper talisman in Chen Ping'an's hand before smiling faintly and saying, "Qingcheng will definitely remember your words of wisdom, Young Master."

Qingcheng smiled beautifully at Chen Ping'an.

The Yang Energy Illumination Talisman between Chen Ping'an's fingers was completely burnt out, and the flickering golden flame also disappeared for good. Chen Ping'an rubbed his fingers together and said with a chuckle, "Someone once said that when traveling through the cultivation world, powerful martial artists shouldn't use their fists too rashly. And after becoming a powerful immortal, one shouldn't unleash their mystical techniques too recklessly."

The round-faced young girl smiled and asked, "Dare I ask, Young Master, which paramount being spoke these words?"

"A friend of mine," Chen Ping'an replied.

The round-faced young girl who had jokingly called herself Night raised a thumb and clicked her tongue in wonder, remarking, "Good one!"

Meanwhile, the young girl called Qingcheng was slightly curious about Chen Ping'an's identity.

Zhu Fengxian and the old woman from Blusher Hall exchanged a glance. They were both experienced individuals from the cultivation world, so there was no need to speak to communicate their thoughts. The trivial argument between them was nothing compared to the cultivation paths of their descendants and juniors. Even if they disliked each other, it was indeed important for them to avoid conflict before they successfully climbed the mountain and entered the Golden Osmanthus Temple. In fact, the Great Marsh Gang and Blusher Hall might even have to work with each other if they encountered dangers along the way. They would need to overcome the challenges together.

Chen Ping'an turned around and looked outside. Rain was still thundering down without any signs of relenting.

What season was it in the Lotus Flower Blessed Land right now?

Who had entered the ranks of the Upper Ten Elites? Of course, Imperial Preceptor Zhong Qiu, Lake Mountain Faction's Yu Zhenyi, and Bird's Eye View Peak's Lu Fang were definitely members of this elite group.

Were there brand new door gods and couplets plastered on the gates of that residence in the small alley?

Chen Ping'an heaved a soft sigh.

Having taken the bamboo bookcase off his back, Chen Ping'an was now carrying nothing but Sword Immortal, the pseudo-celestial tool that Old Dragon City's Fu Clan had given him as compensation through Fan Junmao's hands.

Chen Ping'an raised his head, looking up at the pitch-black curtain of rain.

Back when he was still young and naive, he remembered that a person wearing a bamboo hat and holding the reins of a donkey had boasted that he could draw and resheathe his blade so quickly that no splashing water could enter the scabbard, even if it were bucketing down rain.

Now, however, even Chen Ping'an could achieve this.

In any case, when could he become a genuine sword immortal?

Right now, Chen Ping'an found it very difficult to even draw Sword Immortal from its scabbard. Upon thinking of this, Chen Ping'an grabbed his Sword Nurturing Gourd and took a large swig of wine.

However, he forgot that it wasn't ordinary osmanthus wine or well-water immortal wine in his Sword Nurturing Gourd, but instead medicinal wine from Fan Junmao. Chen Ping'an immediately shivered, and his face turned bright red. He broke into a fit of coughing, and he had no option but to cover his mouth and turn around, feeling slightly apologetic as he walked back to Pei Qian in irritation.

His immortal demeanor collapsed in a flash.

————

White Water Temple was located to the south of the central region of the Azure Phoenix Nation, and inside the temple was a spring bubbling from the ground, with each drop of water looking like a rolling pearl. This spring water was the best water for brewing tea, and it was because of this that many scholars and literati from the Lofty Sky Nation and the Fortune Mountain Nation would especially travel to White Water Temple to enjoy some tea brewed from the spring water.

As a result, it was quite understandable why White Water Temple had so many worshippers visiting and offering incense. This also caused it to become equally as renowned as the North Mountain Temple located in the capital.

Compared to how active the eminent monks from the North Mountain Temple were in the imperial court of the Azure Phoenix Nation, however, it seemed like the monks from White Water Temple weren't especially fond of being highly visible in public. Moreover, no extraordinary Chan master of note had appeared in White Water Temple during the past one hundred or so years. As a result, there were inevitably accusations that the current monks in White Water Temple were living off the achievements of their predecessors.

Due to these reasons, the North Mountain Temple was enjoying the greatest amount of attention now that the extremely grand debate between Buddhism and Daoism was just around the corner. On the other hand, it was quite surprising that not a single monk from White Water Temple—a temple that had a rich history of over one thousand years—had stepped forward and volunteered to participate in the grand event that would determine the ranking of the three teachings in the Azure Phoenix Nation.

Spring rain had continued to fall recently, and the myriad of temples in the Azure Phoenix Nation were all shrouded in hazy mist and rain. On this evening, a young monk dressed in snow-white kasaya slowly walked around inside White Water Temple.

White Water Temple had remained shut for close to one month already, and this was quite a troublesome experience for those sincere Buddhist worshippers.

The young monk in white kasaya looked calm and pure-hearted, and both the old monks and young monks in White Water Temple looked over and greeted him when he walked past. However, the young monk dressed in the eye-catching white kasaya paid no heed to their greetings. Everyone was already accustomed to this.

The young monk arrived near the railing of a small pond with dark green water, and this pond had the magnificent title of Dragon Pool even though it looked quite unremarkable. This was due to a rumor that an old softshell turtle was living in the small yet extremely deep pond. This softshell turtle had been released here by some monks during the construction of White Water Temple, and it would only swim to the surface and show itself to the world when monks expounded on profound and mystical Buddhist philosophies when giving lectures. Even the official history books of the Azure Phoenix Nation had records of this, so it was naturally the case that no one doubted its veracity.

The young monk in white kasaya continued to casually stroll around the temple. He walked along a long corridor behind the main hall, climbing the steps and ascending higher and higher. There were many exquisite bells hanging under the eaves, and numerous spirits that were born from these bells and resided within them all flew out at this moment, flapping their transparent wings and pushing the bells back and forth. The young monk in white kasaya seemed to dislike these chiming sounds, instead preferring the ordinarily peaceful and tranquil atmosphere of the ancient temple. He furrowed his brows slightly.

The small and nimble spirits immediately flew back into the bells hanging under the eaves.

The young monk turned around and peered down at the small square located behind the main hall. That was the place where an eminent monk had once expounded Buddhism and celestial maidens had rained down flowers. He remembered that many golden osmanthus flowers had fallen from the sky that day, and the lecturing monk and the listening monks had all ended up sitting in many layers of osmanthus flowers.

However, the lecturing monk had been slightly unaccustomed to the fragrance of the osmanthus flowers, and this had even caused him to sneeze several times. The listening monks had paid close attention to this, and some of them had even been able to ruminate on it and derive deep meaning. Afterward, they had inscribed their enlightenments on a stone tablet in White Water Temple.

After walking up the stairs and reaching the top, the young monk in white kasaya walked around the scripture library and arrived next to the temple master's living quarters. There was a yellow mud wall measuring half a person tall here, and it marked out a small piece of land that had a well, a stone table, and a stone stool.

The young monk pushed open the bamboo door and made his way over to the well, one which had already been sealed for many years.

An extremely renowned Buddhist event had taken place here in the past, and it was said that even those in the Middle Earth Divine Continent had heard about this before. In fact, this was the main reason why White Water Temple still remained standing even though it hadn't produced an eminent monk for the past one hundred years. White Water Temple had argued about this Buddhist event for several hundred years, numerous large temples in the Azure Phoenix Nation had argued about it for many years, different branches of Buddhism argued about it, and generation after generation of literati who believed in Buddha and studied Buddhism also argued about it relentlessly.

The scripture library in White Mountain Nation was extremely impressive, and its collection of solitary copies and complete copies of scriptures was unrivaled in the Azure Phoenix Nation. However, the young monk in white kasaya standing in a daze beside the well detested this place the most. He had never set foot inside the scripture library, not even once.

To stray one character from the scriptures was to entertain the teachings of the devil.

To do so was to desecrate the teachings of Buddha.

The young monk in white kasaya sat on top of the sealed well that was much like a round stool now. There was one thing that he had never understood in all these years.

There was a passage in the Buddhist scriptures that talked about an Arhat who was bound to become a Buddha in the future being threatened by a heavenly demon. Terror had gripped the Arhat's heart, and he had sought out Buddha who had then given him a proper Buddhist scripture. This had allowed the Arhat to defeat the heavenly demon.

The young monk in white kasaya hadn't thought about this passage too much when reading it for the first time. However, he had suddenly come to a frightening realization one day, and this had caused him to descend into endless pain.

There was an obsessive thought in his mind.

Why am I, a measly monk from a small temple, confident that I won't lose my composure so badly if I encounter a heavenly demon? Yet, an Arhat who was a pupil of Buddha and destined to become a Buddha himself in the future was so terrified and unsettled by the heavenly demon? How was the Arhat's reaction any different from mortal humans who haven't studied Buddhism before? Where was his enlightenment and root of wisdom? Where was his Buddhist knowledge? Where were the Buddhist principles taught by Buddha? If such an Arhat becomes a Buddha in the future, then just how profound and lofty can his teachings be?

The young monk in white kasaya couldn't find an answer to his questions no matter how hard he thought about it. Tears streamed down his face as he sat on the sealed well.

This young monk who had suddenly gained enlightenment during his youth could vaguely remember what the past him had done here many years ago. He had killed a cat and hacked it into two before tossing it into the well.

A long time had now passed, yet the young monk still remained a person who seldom spoke. However, he was extremely diligent when it came to doing physical labor in White Water Temple, resulting in his hands and feet being filled with calluses. He would also suffer frostbite every winter, causing his hands to split and become filled with blood.

He slapped the sealed well again and again, seemingly unaware of the wounds on his palm that gradually became bloody and mangled.

The young monk burst into tears as he continued to ferociously slap the sealed well, and his voice was hoarse as he murmured, "Wrong, you people are wrong again... Buddhist teachings exist right within it... I was also wrong... Chan principles can't be spoken, and to verbalize them is to make a mistake. However, isn't remaining silent also a mistake? All of us are wrong... But... how can we avoid being wrong...?"

1. She's making fun of the girl's name Qingcheng (清城), which sounds very similar to Qing Chen (清晨), the phrase for morning. ☜

Chapter 379 (1): Omen

There was abnormal yin energy and a murderous aura contained within the heavy downpour, and Chen Ping'an had revealed this to the others with a few simple words. But what proved critical in having the Great Marsh Gang and Blusher Hall stop their trivial argument wasn't Chen Ping'an persuading them against burning bridges and making their cultivation paths narrower, nor was it the Yang Energy Illumination Talisman that he had used. Instead, it was his remark that the immortals from the Golden Osmanthus Temple hadn't come out to address the situation yet.

This implied that the Golden Osmanthus Temple was either planning first and making a move later, purposely appearing weak to draw their enemies out, or the Daoists there were genuinely weaker than their enemies and could only hide in the temple to avoid any conflict.

No matter which of these two situations was true, the women from the Lofty Sky Nation's Blusher Hall were unwilling to become involved in a fight between immortals and potentially sacrifice themselves, even if they were acquainted with the old immortal from the Golden Osmanthus Temple.

As for Old Demon Zhu Fengxian who had once caused bloodshed in the cultivation worlds of several nations, he was even more experienced and prudent. He was climbing Azure Waist Mountain in the hopes of building a relationship with the temple for the sake of his granddaughter's cultivation. The Daoist temple would also gain a prized disciple, so this was simply a case of both parties satisfying their own needs. The Great Marsh Gang would never bow its head to other people, and Zhu Fengxian naturally wasn't willing to become a lackey for the Golden Osmanthus Temple.

Chen Ping'an returned to his original spot, and Pei Qian appeared like an obsequious lackey as she brought a small stone slab from some unknown place and offered it to Chen Ping'an as a small stool. She squatted on the ground and furiously cleaned the dirt from the stone slab as she looked up and consoled, "It's okay, Master, you still appeared very elegant and refined. There were only some slight blemishes during the end game, but these blemishes can be ignored and treated as negligible."

Pei Qian had learned the concept of end game from constantly watching games of Go between Lu Baixiang and other people. In fact, Pei Qian had learned many things through her constant interaction with the four martial artists from the Lotus Flower Blessed Land. For example, she had learned about military formations from Old Man Wei, who had claimed that there was no such thing as single-line formations or dragon gate formations on the battlefield. Rather, formations simply came down to organizing the ranks and making sure that the vertical lines and horizontal lines were adhered to. In the end, it was down to each person's own ability to kill their enemies amid the chaos.

Pei Qian had also learned some rules about musical instruments and Go from Little Bai, and she had learned how to cook a few wine-accompanying dishes from Zhu Lian. Seeing that Pei Qian always helped and was relatively hard-working, Zhu Lian had rewarded her with a novel about wandering martial artists in the cultivation world. Pei Qian was engrossed by this novel, so much so that she almost forgot to eat and sleep. In addition to this, she had also learned many code phrases pertaining to the cultivation world from Sui Youbian. For example, "This road is mine, and these trees were planted by me. If you want to pass, then pay up!" There was also "Impudent bandit, you dare to block my path and rob me? Eat my spear!" and so on.

Zhang Shanfeng glanced at the thick curtain of rain outside, and he felt slightly anxious as he said in a quiet voice, "This downpour filled with yin energy has been going on for such a long time already. Even Qi refiners at the Sea Observation Tier might not be able to sustain it for such a long time. Of course, this is unless they set up a rain-summoning formation.

"However, if this downpour is genuinely caused by a formation rather than the mystical abilities of Qi refiners, then the amount of money required is so exorbitant that they may as well scatter snowflake coins from the sky. In other words, it's more likely that this is being orchestrated by a Qi refiner at the Dragon Gate Tier. I wonder what cultivation bases the Daoist priests from the Golden Osmanthus Temple have? Can they deal with this yin rain that's affecting the fortune of this area?"

Zhang Shanfeng spoke softly, yet Zhu Fengxian and the old woman from Blusher Hall were martial arts grandmasters from the cultivation world, so they could naturally hear him clearly if they concentrated a little. Zhu Fengxian paid no heed to the fact that he was eavesdropping, and he smiled at the old woman and asked, "Since Blusher Hall has such a good relationship with the Golden Osmanthus Temple, I presume that you're aware of how powerful the temple master's mystical abilities are?"

The old woman hesitated for a moment before nodding and replying, "It's said that Temple Master Zhang Guo is two hundred years old, and he is at the Dragon Gate Tier, allowing him to command wind and rain like those flood dragons in the clouds."

Zhu Fengxian frowned and asked, "A rumor has caused a huge stir in the cultivation world recently. They say Zhang Guo cultivated in seclusion for several decades and when he came out, he had already become a legendary terrestrial immortal. Is this not the case?"

The old woman smiled bitterly and replied, "Just how paramount and transcendent will one become after forming a golden core and becoming an earth immortal? Will they still need to recruit disciples? They can simply focus on cultivation and pursue the Great Dao. Old Gang Leader Zhu, if you became an earth immortal, would you still be willing to pick up money from a small and muddy pond? Even if there's genuine gold and silver, things that people from the cultivation world value and would bend down to collect. Would immortals from the mountains care about these things?

"Of course, it's actually true that Temple Master Zhang Guo has the potential to become an earth immortal. You don't need to doubt that, it's only a matter of time. Your granddaughter will definitely have a bright future if she becomes a disciple of Temple Master Zhang Guo and cultivates in the Golden Osmanthus Temple."

Zhu Fengxian nodded in understanding, with his expression also becoming slightly more amiable.

As a seventh-tier martial artist, Zhu Fengxian would feel slight apprehension toward Qi refiners at the Dragon Gate Tier. However, he wouldn't exactly fear them. Several Abode Tier and Sea Observation Tier Qi refiners had already died at his hands.

However, Zhu Fengxian was willing to show respect toward a Dragon Gate Tier Daoist priest who had the potential to become a Golden Core Tier earth immortal in the future. Such a person naturally had the competence to be his granddaughter's Dao mentor.

The Great Marsh Gang would definitely instruct someone to secretly travel to Azure Waist Mountain's Golden Osmanthus Temple to give them some offerings of silver every year.

Zhang Shanfeng sighed in his mind. Those outside the mountains naturally didn't understand those from the mountains. Old Gang Leader Zhu Fengxian and the old woman from Blusher Hall both had very idealistic impressions of immortals from the mountains, viewing them as paramount beings who didn't defile themselves with impure mortal matters. However, what was so special about Golden Core Tier earth immortals? They also needed to work diligently to accumulate wealth. After all, there was nothing quite like cultivation when it came to spending money.

Of course, with the exception of vagrant cultivators who were accustomed to being alone, most earth immortals who owned a mountain or a cave abode wouldn't need to concern themselves with trivial mortal matters. They would naturally have subordinates to deal with these things, and they simply needed to focus on cultivation. In this sense, the old woman from Blusher Hall was half-correct with her guess.

At this moment, thunder and lightning suddenly boomed through the depths of the mountain covered by the curtain of rain in the distance, causing the earth to tremble and the wind and rain to change directions. One after another, several deafening howls tore through the mountain. It was as if a lion were roaring in rage.

However, this peculiar phenomenon only lasted for a brief moment. Once again, there was only the sound of howling wind and lashing rain between heaven and earth

Approximately fifteen minutes later, Sui Youbian, Zhu Lian, and Zhu Fengxian looked up and peered outside the cave at almost exactly the same time.

Zhu Fengxian's expression remained unchanged, yet he couldn't help but immediately tense up.

Among the young esteemed immortal's group of subordinates, two of them had intuition no less sharp than his?

One had to realize that Zhu Fengxian was one of the four superior grandmasters of the Azure Phoenix Nation, Fortune Mountain Nation, and Lofty Sky Nation. His fight with an immortal thirty years ago had damaged the foundation of his Martial Dao, and he was still yet to return to his peak even after recuperating for thirty years. This resulted in him becoming the weakest of the four superior grandmasters. But a sickly tiger was still a tiger, after all, and Zhu Fengxian was far from being in dire straits. He had simply gone from second to fourth, and to everyone else besides the three people above, he was a paramount existence.

With grand events pertaining to Buddhism and Daoism being hosted in this region three years in a row, it was indeed the case that many cultivators had been drawn out from their hiding. But how many top-notch ones could there be among them? There were indeed some so-called lesser grandmasters, but these people were nothing more than weak seventh-tier martial artists with unstable cultivation bases. In a real battle, these people would barely be able to take a few punches from Zhu Fengxian and the other superior grandmasters.

So how had so many powerful elites appeared at once in this chance encounter in the mountains? Apart from the stunningly beautiful woman with a sword on her back and the seemingly amiable old man with a hunched back, there was also the dignified and imposing man with a saber as well as that taciturn but powerful-looking man. These two were clearly extremely capable elites from the cultivation world as well. This was the only reason Zhu Fengxian had been impressed by Chen Ping'an right from the very beginning.

Clouds only yielded to dragons and wind only submitted to tigers, so if the young esteemed immortal wasn't strong enough, how could he have possibly won over such grandmasters?

The thundering rain gradually subsided.

Walking through the pouring rain, several young Daoist priests from the Golden Osmanthus Temple arrived outside the stone cave. The leader of the group was a priest with a jade-like face and a mesmerizing smile.

Apart from their own umbrellas, the priests standing behind him were also carrying a bundle of oil-paper umbrellas in their arms. Only the Daoist priest standing in front didn't have anything else in his hands, appearing especially graceful and dignified as he closed his umbrella and walked inside the stone cave. However, his aura was different from that of ordinary young masters from wealthy clans.

The Daoist priest looked at the people inside the cave and said with a faint smile, "There are sinister people causing trouble and attempting to ruin the fortune of the Golden Osmanthus Temple. But there's no need to panic. The temple master and two of his good friends from afar have already retracted their mystical abilities. You can rest assured and ascend the mountain with me. The sinister people have already been caught and punished, and not a single one of them managed to escape."

The old woman from Blusher Hall stole a glance at Qingcheng, unable to suppress the excitement in her eyes. When hearing the deafening thunder and lightning just then, the old woman had already been speculating in hope and feeling extremely moved. Blusher Hall had high hopes for Qingcheng, and it was extremely unlikely that any further accidents would occur once she managed to become a disciple of the Golden Osmanthus Temple.

Hearing the handsome Daoist priest confirm that two good friends of the temple master had come from afar to help, the old woman couldn't help but feel mixed emotions upon recalling the immortal portrait cherished by the old ancestor of Blusher Hall. Before passing away, the old ancestor had still asked the young her and another senior sister of hers to hold the two sides of the picture scroll and unfurl it, allowing her to gaze upon the appearance of that man one final time.

It was because that immortal man had instructed someone to deliver a message to Blusher Hall that they were going to such great lengths to guard Qingcheng and bring her to the Golden Osmanthus Temple to cultivate. One hundred or so years had passed, and this was the first time that he had actively made contact with Blusher Hall. Thus, everyone in Blusher Hall had been absolutely delighted.

The handsome Daoist priest who looked ethereal and transcendent smiled and continued, "The canopies of these umbrellas are normal oil paper, but the shafts are special; they're made of osmanthus branches infused with spiritual energy by seniors in the temple. These umbrellas can block demonic wind and murderous rain, so you don't need to worry about being attacked by sinister energy even if you are crossing mountains and rivers, or walking through graveyards at night by yourselves. Yin entities will naturally retreat and flee far away when they come across these umbrellas. The temple master was worried that there would be family members among your forces who have never practiced martial arts, so he especially asked me to come down the mountain to hand you these umbrellas."

He gave away a dozen or so oil-paper umbrellas.

A little Daoist priest with full lips and sparkling teeth noticef Pei Qian straight away, as she seemed to be the same age as him. When the handsome Daoist priest instructed them to give the umbrellas out, he immediately ran toward the tanned little girl, giving her an umbrella with a wide smile.

Pei Qian didn't care for these crappy umbrellas from the Golden Osmanthus Daoist Temple, but she couldn't turn it down in a rude manner because Chen Ping'an was standing right next to her. She needed to abide by the rules set by her master. Thus, she politely declined the little Daoist priest's offer before earnestly thanking him for asking.

The little Daoist priest was slightly worried, and he said that one shouldn't underestimate the rain filled with yin energy. This was especially the case for people with frail bodies and fragile fortunes, as being drenched by this rain would very likely leave them with deep-rooted illnesses. At that time, even medicine wouldn't be able to cure them. Moreover, the temple was lending them these umbrellas for free, so there was no reason not to accept them and use them. In any case, these oil-paper umbrellas with osmanthus branch shafts weren't heavy at all.

Pei Qian was supremely annoyed at the fact that she couldn't roll her eyes.

Chen Ping'an couldn't help but chuckle as he looked at the adorable little Daoist priest explaining the dangers of this downpour to Pei Qian with a serious expression. He patted Pei Qian's head and told her to accept the oil-paper umbrella. He then looked at the handsome Daoist priest and asked, "Senior Daoist Priest, I've heard that your esteemed temple is opening its doors to recruit disciples right now. My companions and I have arrived here by chance, so would we be able to visit the temple atop the mountain to witness this grand ceremony?"

The handsome Daoist priest nodded and replied with a smile, "Of course you can visit and attend the ceremony. When you reach the top of Azure Waist Mountain, you simply need to collect a small booklet and keep in mind the rules and taboos detailed inside it."

The little Daoist priest immediately turned to the handsome Daoist priest and shouted, "Junior Uncle, I've already memorized everything in the booklet. Maybe I can explain it to this young master instead?"

The handsome Daoist priest smiled faintly and replied, "Then you can accompany this young master up the mountain if he's willing to listen to your explanations."

Chen Ping'an cupped his fists, smiled, and said, "Thank you, Senior Daoist Priest, and thank you in advance, Little Daoist Priest."

Chen Ping'an turned around and looked at Xu Yuanxia and Zhang Shanfeng, and both of them nodded lightly in response, signaling that it was fine to climb the mountain and enter the Daoist temple.

Chapter 379 (2): Omen

Xu Yuanxia was rather delighted with the decision to visit the Golden Osmanthus Temple. After all, this temple was closed to the public all year round, meaning that outsiders were unable to visit and experience its impressive nature. There were rumors in the Azure Phoenix Nation claiming that the rain of osmanthus flowers in White Water Temple had actually originated from the ancient trees located at the back of the Golden Osmanthus Temple, all of which were thousands of years old. An immortal traveling around the world had also visited the temple and pointed at the osmanthus trees, saying that these were osmanthus trees from the moon.[1]

The yellow earth bull hadn't entered the rock cave to seek shelter with the group, and this was because it was a demon. In other words, it was possible that the cultivators from the temple might suspect it of being involved in this incident. If that happened, then Chen Ping'an would be forced to explain many things to alleviate the suspicions and worries of the Golden Osmanthus Temple.

Fortunately, the earth bull was well aware of how things worked with cultivators from the mountains. Laying in the mountain forest far away from the stone cave, it used its mind's voice to inform Chen Ping'an that it would burrow into the ground at the foot of the mountain and wait for them there. Unless an earth immortal scoured the area, it was very unlikely that anyone would detect its presence. Chen Ping'an told the earth bull to be careful, and to run up Azure Waist Mountain if it encountered any trouble. Chen Ping'an would naturally step forward to explain the situation.

The Golden Osmanthus Temple was located at the top of Azure Waist Mountain, and the muddy mountain path made it especially difficult to reach it. From the foot of the mountain to the temple at the peak, the widest section of the mountain path could only accommodate three people walking side by side. Thus, one didn't need to dream about going up the mountain in a horse-drawn carriage. Judging from this, it was very clear that the Golden Osmanthus Temple was indeed quite unwilling to interact with the outside world.

When visiting the Green Goat Palace atop Clear Realm Mountain, Chen Ping'an and the others had needed to climb the Cinnabar Staircase. of more than three thousand steps. This staircase was even more magnificent and majestic than the staircases decorated with cloud dragon engravings in the imperial palaces.

The Golden Osmanthus Temple wasn't large, and it could only accommodate forty to fifty Daoist priests. While climbing Azure Waist Mountain with their juniors and descendants, the various groups of people from the cultivation world had hired people to build simple thatched cottages at the waist of the mountain so that they could rest there. The Golden Osmanthus Temple didn't stop this.

Upon seeing how easygoing the temple was, some observant people from the cultivation forces of the Azure Phoenix Nation decided to hire several dozen strong young men to directly build proper dwellings at the waist of the mountain. Moreover, these dwellings were no inferior to the inns found on the busy streets and alleys of bustling cities.

The Golden Osmanthus Temple was a relatively uncommon type of temple found in the mountain forests. According to what the handsome Daoist priest revealed during their casual conversation, the assets of the temple didn't fully belong to the branch of Daoism that they belonged to. Moreover, apart from the Daoist priests who were temporarily staying in the Golden Osmanthus Temple to cultivate, those who became disciples of Temple Master Zhang Guo would also receive formal recognition from the imperial court of the Azure Phoenix Nation later. They would become official immortals. In fact, this was probably the fundamental reason so many powerful forces and wealthy clans from the cultivation world were willing to rush over to Azure Waist Mountain with their juniors and descendants.

Only the larger Daoist temples would have all of the relevant positions filled, with three overseers, five masters, and eighteen heads. However, there were only forty to fifty Daoist priests in the Golden Osmanthus Temple, so there was naturally no need to be so stringent and fill all of these positions. Apart from Temple Master Zhang Guo, there were only two or three supervisors and a similar number of bookkeepers in the temple. The handsome priest was called Xu Borui, and he was in charge of the drum in the Golden Osmanthus Temple. Even though the temple was small, the drum and the bell naturally couldn't be neglected.

As for the minor Daoist temples in the world, the largest one was undoubtedly Mount Longhu's Heavenly Master Residence in the Middle Earth Divine Continent.

Temple Master Zhang Guo was going to choose his disciples in two days. As one of the largest and most powerful forces in the Azure Phoenix Nation, Zhu Fengxian's Great Marsh Gang had spent a large sum of money—more than one hundred thousand taels of silver—to construct a so-called summer palace at the waist of the mountain. This summer palace was extremely eye-catching even among the many other structures. By the looks of it, Zhu Fengxian was absolutely confident that his granddaughter would be chosen as a disciple of the temple master.

Blusher Hall had also hired workers to construct a unique garden villa. However, Daoist Priest Xu Borui directly turned to the two young girls and said, "Liu Qingcheng, Zhu Ziyang, the two of you can follow me to the temple. The Golden Osmanthus Temple has already prepared two rooms for you."

After saying this, Xu Borui turned to Chen Ping'an and said with a smile, "The temple is small and simple, so apologies for our lack of hospitality. We only have two rooms remaining, but you can follow me up the mountain if you're willing to stay in a room by yourself. If you're unwilling to split up with your friends but have nowhere else to go either, then I can personally contact some acquaintances in the Azure Phoenix Nation and get a place for you to stay for a few days. Don't worry about the hassle, it's actually a good opportunity for us to build some positive karma."

Zhu Fengxian laughed heartily and remarked, "There's no need to go to so much trouble, Daoist Xu. This young master and his companions can stay with my group."

The old woman from Blusher Hall naturally wanted to invite Chen Ping'an and his companions as well. However, it was a pity that they were all female, so it was necessary for them to avoid arousing suspicion of illicit relationships. Unable to say anything, they could only watch on as this huge fated opportunity was snatched away by the brutish martial artists from the Great Marsh Gang.

The heavy downpour finally stopped, and Chen Ping'an asked Xu Borui whether he could go up the mountain to take a look at the osmanthus trees in the temple today. Xu Borui smiled and said that there was no problem at all. However, he would need to accompany Chen Ping'an, as visitors weren't allowed to wander around by themselves in the Golden Osmanthus Temple.

And thus, Chen Ping'an brought Pei Qian, Zhang Shanfeng, and Xu Yuanxia with him as he continued to climb the mountain. Meanwhile, Wei Xian and the others returned to the so-called summer palace with Old Demon Zhu Fengxian from the Azure Phoenix Nation.

Holding a large bundle of oil-paper umbrellas in his arms, the little Daoist priest was hanging around Pei Qian and talking to her, and he seemed to be having the fun time of his life.

This was inevitable. He was the youngest member of the temple, and everyone else was an ancient relic who barely had any teeth remaining. And if they weren't, then they were strict and serious junior uncles like Xu Borui. Now that the little Daoist priest had finally come across someone the same age as him, he was naturally as delighted as could be.

However, Pei Qian was starting to feel a little annoyed. How had she ended up with such a chatterbox sticking to her? Shouldn't cultivators in the mountains all appear blind, deaf, and mute?

Blusher Hall's Liu Qingcheng and Zhu Fengxian's granddaughter, Zhu Ziyang, left the protection of their seniors to go to the Golden Osmanthus Temple with Daoist Priest Xu Borui. The former was slightly timid, while the latter appeared completely fearless, continuing to confirm the veracity of some rumors about the temple with Daoist Priest Xu Borui. Xu Borui was most likely a transcendent individual with a gentle nature, and he patiently answered all of Zhu Ziyang's questions without adding any embellishments. He didn't conceal anything either. Thus, Zhu Ziyang immediately developed a good impression of this Daoist priest as well as the Golden Osmanthus Temple.

Liu Qingcheng summoned her courage and asked the round-faced young girl from the Great Marsh Gang in a quiet voice. "Oh, so your name isn't actually Night?"

Zhu Ziyang slapped her forehead and remarked, "How can there be someone as naive as you in the cultivation world?"

In fact, Zhu Ziyang was already showing some mercy by not directly calling Liu Qingcheng stupid.

Zhu Ziyang glanced at the exquisite paper-cutting knife hanging by Liu Qingcheng's waist out of the corners of her eyes. The bamboo scabbard was inscribed with the characters "Miniature One," and Zhu Ziyang asked with a smile, "Your paper-cutting knife looks fairly nice; care to give me a look?"

Liu Qingcheng shook her head and replied in a timid voice, "This is a heirloom left behind by my great ancestor, so I can't give it to other people carelessly."

Zhu Ziyang wanted to continue nagging Liu Qingcheng, but Xu Borui smiled faintly and said, "Zhu Ziyang, you shouldn't force people against their will. You need to keep this in mind if you become fellow disciples who cultivate together in the future."

Zhu Ziyang had a fairly good impression of the handsome Daoist priest who was one of Temple Master Zhu Ziyang's direct disciples. In fact, he might become her senior brother in the Golden Osmanthus Temple very soon. Because of this, she decided to spare the timid young girl from Blusher Hall.

Liu Qingcheng looked at Xu Borui in gratitude, and the latter simply responded with a smile.

Chen Ping'an looked at the two young girls who were about to become cultivators in the mountains—this reminded him of his encounter in the Colorful Garment Nation. Back then, a young girl with bells on her wrists and ankles had once fought alongside Chen Ping'an, subduing demons and eliminating fiends together. Even though her cultivation base as a Qi refiner hadn't been especially high, she hadn't made the situation more difficult for Chen Ping'an either. She was a very chivalrous young girl, and she had ended up becoming a disciple of the Divine Edict Sect, something that people were extremely envious of.

In addition to her, there were also the two children whom he had first encountered in the firewood shed. They had experienced many challenges, but they could probably be considered semi-cultivators as well now.

Fortune and misfortune appeared to exist on two extremes, yet it was often the case that they were only separated by a few simple actions.

After arriving at the Golden Osmanthus Temple, the two fortunate young girls were led to their rooms by a Daoist priest. Meanwhile, the little Daoist priest followed his senior brother to put the osmanthus branch oil-paper umbrellas away. These umbrellas were incredibly precious, and according to Junior Uncle Xu, a single umbrella could sell for thousands of taels of silver if the temple were willing to sell them. Considering the osmanthus branches they were made of, this was only natural.

The little Daoist priest couldn't help but have his mind wander. If a single umbrella with an osmanthus branch were worth this much money, then just how much would the six ancient osmanthus trees be worth? If they sold the trees, wouldn't Azure Waist Mountain be renamed Gold and Silver Mountain?

Xu Borui led Chen Ping'an and his companions through the small and tranquil Daoist temple. They headed straight to the back of the temple, and their vision was wide and unobscured now that the rain had cleared up. They could already see the lush leaves of those ancient and towering osmanthus trees, with the middle tree appearing especially tall. Each osmanthus tree had its own name, and Xu Borui introduced them one by one, also explaining what mystical comments some paramount immortals from the mountains had made about them in the past. His explanations were simple and concise, yet he managed to keep them very interesting.

There were crisscrossing paths paved with bluestone slabs between the ancient osmanthus trees, and there were also stone tables and stools under their shade. The stone table located under the ancestral osmanthus tree also had a Go board engraved on its surface. Xu Borui paused here for a moment, and he ran his finger over the Go board as he smiled and explained that this Go board wasn't engraved using a chisel. Rather, a traveling sword immortal had exhaled a breath of razor-sharp sword qi and used it to "measure up" the stone table.

Afterward, the Daoist priests had used a very precise ruler to measure the Go board, and they had discovered that the vertical and horizontal lines weren't off by a even a hair. In other words, this implied that the sword immortal had at least been a Golden Core Tier cultivator. In fact, it was even possible that he was a hidden Nascent Tier sword immortal from the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent.

Xu Borui was in high spirits as he explained this, and he continued with a faint smile, "A long time ago, a certain senior from the Daoist temple insisted on getting to the bottom of this. He traveled tens of thousands of kilometers, and he specially visited Wind Snow Temple, True Martial Mountain, Sun Scorch Mountain, and Wind Lightning Field to search for that sword immortal.

"He visited many renowned sword cultivators during this trip, and in the end, he concluded that the sword immortal who had made the engraving was very like Li Tuanjing, Great Sword Immortal Li, the paramount Nascent Tier cultivator from Wind Lightning Field. However, it was a shame that this senior no longer had the time or power to revisit Wind Lightning Field to confirm this after returning to the temple. And for the hundreds of years afterward, this became an unsolved mystery."

"I once witnessed Wind Lightning Field's Sect Leader Li unleashing a sword strike through an immortal picture scroll on an intercontinental ship," Chen Ping'an remarked. "It was extremely impressive. It's a shame that Sect Leader Li seems to have passed away after resolving Wind Lightning Field's conflict with Sun Scorch Mountain. I wonder if Wind Lightning Field can find his reincarnation and bring it back to the sect so it can embark on the journey of cultivation again, maintaining the karmic fate between them?"

Xu Borui was astonished, and he exclaimed, "Great Sword Immortal Li has passed away?!"

By the looks of it, the Golden Osmanthus Temple had genuinely been secluded from the world for the past one hundred years.

Chen Ping'an smiled and replied, "This is what I heard. However, with how profoundly powerful Great Sword Immortal Li was, I don't dare to guarantee that it's true. Perhaps he's searching for an opportunity to break through to the Unpolished Jade Tier."

Wind Lightning Field's Liu Baqiao could be regarded as one of Chen Ping'an's few friends from the mountains.

For the sake of Celestial Maiden Su Jia, Liu Baqiao had once stood atop a flying sword and pursued the intercontinental ship that Chen Ping'an was on. That had led to a reunion between them.

Thus, Chen Ping'an was fully aware that Li Tuanjing had genuinely passed away. However, as Liu Baqiao's good friend, he naturally couldn't appear too confident regarding these extremely important matters when he was speaking with outsiders. He couldn't flaunt this insider knowledge to other people.

However, Chen Ping'an was someone who paid close attention to details, so he immediately noticed the subtle change in Xu Borui's expression after he mentioned the Unpolished Jade Tier.

Chen Ping'an realized at this moment that not all Qi refiners were aware of the names of the Upper Five Tiers. In fact, many people would simply gaze up at the title of "earth immortal" for their entire lives.

This was similar to how Zhu He had been certain that the Mountain Summit Tier was the ninth and final tier of martial arts. He was certain that it was impossible to advance any further.

With Chen Ping'an's current mental state, however, he no longer cared too much about these trivial and harmless mistakes. When traveling through the cultivation world and interacting with pure martial artists, and when climbing the mountains to enjoy the scenery and interact with Qi refiners, it wasn't necessarily a good idea to only take but not give. Indeed, revealing some secrets could perhaps prevent many troubles in the long run.

1. In Chinese myths and legends, there exists a self-healing osmanthus tree on the moon that measures more than five thousand feet tall. ☜

Chapter 379 (3): Omen

Chen Ping'an's tour of the Golden Osmanthus Temple came to an end after he saw the ancient osmanthus trees located near the back of the temple. Xu Borui led Chen Ping'an and his companions to the entrance of the temple again, and he sincerely invited them to attend the disciple recruiting ceremony that was going to take place in two days. He also offered to organize seats for Chen Ping'an and his companions.

Chen Ping'an expressed his thanks before leaving and heading back to the waist of the mountain. After walking one hundred or so paces, Xu Yuanxia glanced back at Xu Borui, who was yet to turn around and return inside the temple. He was still standing there and watching them depart. Xu Yuanxia turned back around and said with a soft chuckle, "Daoist Priest Xu is an intelligent person; he'll definitely do well in the Golden Osmanthus Temple."

Chen Ping'an nodded and concurred, "Immortal clans and forces in the mountains all need someone who's intelligent and able to remain flawless when hosting guests and attending to matters."

Zhang Shanfeng felt a tinge of sadness.

It was clear that he was thinking of the Daoist temple that he was from. After traveling around the world for so many years, it was inevitable that he missed his master, even including his bulbous nose and thunderous snores.

If it weren't for his chance encounters with Chen Ping'an and Xu Yuanxia, it was very likely that this external Heavenly Master who didn't carry the Zhang surname and was yet to become an official Daoist priest would have dejectedly returned to the Northern Complete Reed Continent a long time ago.

After Chen Ping'an and his companions arrived at the extravagant residence constructed by the Great Marsh Gang, they found that an astute and capable steward had already been waiting for them at the entrance for a long time. The steward turned and bowed slightly before leading Chen Ping'an and the others inside the residence.

After Chen Ping'an and the others all settled down...

Xu Borui respectfully stood inside the courtyard of a tranquil and refined residence located even deeper within the Golden Osmanthus Temple than the ancient osmanthus trees.

The corridor under the eaves was extremely wide and clean, and there were three pairs of wooden-soled shoes placed at the bottom of the steps. There was also an old Daoist priest who possessed the demeanor of a transcendent being sitting in the corridor under the eaves. He was none other than Temple Master Zhang Guo, a Dragon Gate Tier cultivator.

There were also two esteemed guests who had offered their help in a chivalrous manner and suppressed the sinister beings with ill intentions. In reality, both of them had interacted with Chen Ping'an before, whether directly or indirectly.

One was Jiang Yun, the burly young man, and the other was Wei Liang, a chief military governor of the Azure Phoenix Nation.

Right now, the three of them were sitting around a table and eating a bowl of vegetarian noodles each. There were spring bamboo shoots, mountain mushrooms, several types of wild vegetables that grew in the mountain during spring, fried gluten balls, and slow-cooked soup. The fragrance of the vegetarian noodles wafted through the air.

After Xu Borui roughly explained his impression of Chen Ping'an and his companions to the three people, Temple Master Zhang Guo smiled and told his disciple to take his leave and have a rest.

The old temple master then asked, "Is this a coincidence, or have they followed the traces and found their way here?"

Wei Liang pondered for a moment before replying, "It should be a coincidence. If it weren't for Xu Borui, these people would have run over to block the entrance of my governor's office already."

He then turned to Jiang Yun and asked, "Judging by the change in your expression just then... Perhaps you're familiar with this person as well?"

Jiang Yun nodded and explained, "He's a native from the Jewel Small World, and he was still an ordinary commoner the first time I saw him. However, he's gone through significant changes these past few years, and I was almost unable to recognize him when I saw him again. He's a fairly decent person, but I hazard a guess that he's caught up in many different matters. I didn't dare to speak with him too much when I came across him at Wasp Tail Ferry Station a while ago."

Wei Liang smiled and remarked, "Since he's a native from the Jewel Small World, then all of the strange matters pertaining to him aren't so strange anymore."

Jiang Yun didn't have any objections to this statement.

Even though he had entered the Jewel Small World with a bag of gold essence copper coins to search for opportunities, the number of fated opportunities that he could obtain was still incomparable to some certain locals who had simply stayed put and waited for fortunes to descend upon them.

Even so, he could be counted as one of the more fortunate outsiders, especially since he had obtained the dragon-binding chain and refined it into his bonded item. This was a huge and unexpected surprise, and even his powerful master was quite astonished and delighted. His master had smiled and speculated that he had perhaps snatched away a significant portion of the Cloud Forest Jiang Clan's good fortune, and that was what had allowed him to obtain this huge fated opportunity.

Jiang Yun had immediately taken a liking to the iron chain hanging from the Iron Lock Well in the Jewel Small World back then, and his master asked a friend to appraise the iron chain for Jiang Yun after he managed to obtain it. The conclusion was that the iron chain was a precious relic left behind by a powerful cultivator who was at least at the Immortal Tier. Moreover, it could already be regarded as a genuine pseudo-celestial tool even before all of the secret restrictions were removed.

It was rumored that the highest-grade dragon-binding chains were actually called dragon-slaying chains, and their might more profound than that of dragon king baskets which were used to restrict and capture ancient earth immortal flood dragons. Powerful cultivators could easily bind and restrict flood dragons with a simple toss of these chains. With a casual shake of the chain, they could then directly flay the flood dragon and sever their tendons on the spot, leaving only their spine and dragon pearl.

However, the most profound fated opportunities from the Jewel Small World were not these inanimate objects, but actually five small creatures.

Of course, it wasn't the case that simply digging three feet into the ground in enough places would allow one to find one of those five small creatures. It was up to fate whether one could encounter and obtain those incredible fated opportunities.

For example, Jiang Yun had failed to come across any of the five creatures.

Temple Master Zhang Guo put down his chopsticks before patting his belly and remarking, "I've abstained from food for many years, but I made an exception in order to welcome my two esteemed guests. I have to say that eating a hearty meal feels quite good.

"Chief Military Governor Wei," he said with a wide smile, "the Golden Osmanthus Temple is providing you with significant help this time. Not only is the temple opening its doors to recruit disciples, but we purposely revealed the secret about our ancestral osmanthus tree and how it can be refined into a pseudo-celestial tool. This will attract many ill-intentioned individuals and allow us to encircle and suppress them, and we'll help the Azure Phoenix Nation kill more than a dozen cultivators from outside the nation. That being the case, is the emperor not going to express his gratitude?"

Wei Liang smiled and replied, "Express gratitude? Of course we will! Aren't I sitting here and enjoying a bowl of vegetarian noodles with you?"

Zhang Guo pointed at Wei Liang and said, "The ancestor of the temple wasn't wrong back then—you're an absolute miser! No wonder the ancestors told the future generations of the Golden Osmanthus Temple to minimize our contact with your office."

Wei Liang still had half a bowl of vegetarian noodles remaining, yet he had already stopped eating and put his chopsticks down. The remaining noodles were taken by Jiang Yun, and Wei Liang turned a blind eye to the burly young man's actions. He looked at Temple Master Zhang Guo and said, "You should be satisfied with what you have right now. The Golden Osmanthus Temple didn't have many worshippers and didn't receive many offerings during its earlier days, but who was it that invited Li Tuanjing over and had him eat vegetarian noodles in the temple?

"Oh, and this time as well. Did you, Zhang Guo, invite the young master of the Cloud Forest Jiang Clan over by yourself? Even if you personally carried a bowl of crappy vegetarian noodles over to Jiang Yun and offered it to him, would he be willing to pick up the pair of chopsticks and accept your offer?"

Jiang Yun continued to gobble up the noodles, and he didn't give Wei Liang much face as he interjected, "A single pair of chopsticks is all I need. I'll eat however many bowls of vegetarian noodles come my way."

Zhang Guo laughed heartily upon hearing this, clearly in an exuberant mood.

In his impression, descendants from the Cloud Forest Jiang Clan were each more arrogant and haughty than the other. However, this young cultivator called Jiang Yun was very different. Since he was traveling with Wei Liang, and the relationship between them appeared very good, it was unlikely that he was from a small side branch of the Cloud Forest Jiang Clan. This made things very interesting.

Wei Liang hesitated for a moment before eventually saying, "Zhang Guo, I'll need to trouble you with looking after that young girl from Blusher Hall in the future."

An amused smile appeared on Zhang Guo's face as he replied, "The paper-cutting knife, Miniature One, that the young girl is wearing by her waist... Is this what you gifted to one of Blusher Hall's previous leaders back then?"

Wei Liang responded with a soft sigh.

Zhang Guo didn't take things any further. After all, which cultivator at the Middle Five Tiers didn't have some links with the mortal world? It was just a matter of how much or how little.

Looking back, these mortal links could be sturdy as heavy iron chains or transient as the fleeting clouds.

The only difference was whether a cultivator felt nostalgic about these mortal links or not.

People would have many feelings of gratitude or hostility in the mortal world, yet things would become far more complicated once they became immortals in the mountains.

When cultivators bore grudges, these feelings would remain fresh even after one hundred years. As a result, it was quite common to see some powerful clans in the regions suddenly suffering calamity for no apparent reason. These calamities would often destroy entire clans and leave no survivors.

When cultivators felt gratitude, the descendants of some certain mortals outside the mountains might continue to enjoy the blessings of their ancestors for more than a dozen generations. In fact, even these people would feel confused about how they were always able to overcome obstacles and escape from dangers. It was as if a large and invisible hand were blocking the winds of calamity for them.

"Zhu Fengxian's granddaughter, the young girl from the Great Marsh Gang, possesses the best aptitude," Zhang Guo said. "She's already a third-tier Qi refiner, and she's likely the only one who has the potential to become an earth immortal. Among the others, the young girl from Blusher Hall has the best potential. She can reach the Abode Tier, and maybe even the Sea Observation Tier if she's lucky. In other words, apart from the two of them, my opinion is that none of the seven other disciples will be able to advance to the Middle Five Tiers."

"Not necessarily," Wei Liang and Jiang Yun replied in unison.

Zhang Guo's eyes lit up, and he exclaimed, "Who else has the potential?!"

Wei Liang smiled and didn't offer a response.

Jiang Yun looked up, and he didn't offer an answer to this question either. Instead, he changed the topic and asked Wei Liang, "You're not going to deal with that earth bull? Didn't you want to capture it and take it as a subordinate since a long time ago? Didn't you want the earth bull to become a mount for the mountain god of the Azure Phoenix Nation's Northern Mountain?"

Wei Liang shook his head and replied, "Forget about it. When it comes to fated opportunities, one can only go with the flow. Seizing something by force won't necessarily lead to good results. Actually, the mountain god of the Northern Mountain told me a long time ago that the yellow earth bull only looks gentle and harmless on the surface. However, it's actually an extremely ferocious demon at the Dragon Gate Tier. What kind of demon that strong would be willing to be suppressed and trapped in a mountain to act as someone's mount for the rest of their life?"

Zhang Guo clicked his tongue in wonder and remarked, "It would be a mutually beneficial outcome if this demon could guard Azure Waist Mountain. If it's necessary, we can also treat each other as equals—the Golden Osmanthus Temple will regard the earth bull as a guest elder protecting the mountain. What do you say, Chief Military Governor Wei?"

Wei Liang shook his head again, a solemn expression in his eyes as he smiled faintly and warned, "It's best that you don't provoke the young man called Chen Ping'an. After he left the Jewel Small World, it's extremely likely that he became the disciple of some profoundly powerful Legalist cultivator. You should be well aware of how Legalist disciples like me conduct ourselves. Whether we're in the mountains or outside, in our eyes, everyone is equal."

An expression of helplessness appeared on Zhang Guo's face as he lamented, "I know, they're one of the four types of cultivators from the mountains who are the most troublesome to deal with. There are bloody sword cultivators, saber-lending cultivators from the Mohist Sect, Daoist priests from the Daoist Saber Room, and finally the most unreasonable people like you, disciples of the Legalist Sect."

"We're unreasonable?" Wei Liang asked with a smile.

Zhang Guo felt slightly guilty, but he suddenly smiled and asked, "You aren't? Then why don't you, Chief Military Governor Wei, go and speak reason with that earth bull?"

"The principles of Legalism revolve around people first and foremost," Wei Liang replied in a calm voice.

————

Inside Chen Ping'an's room, Pei Qian was sitting at the table copying out a text.

Next door, Zhang Shanfeng was earnestly cultivating in his own room.

The young Daoist priest from the Northern Complete Reed Continent claimed to have mediocre cultivation aptitude, and it was only due to him having nowhere to go that his master had taken pity on him and reluctantly taken him as a final disciple. His cultivation journey had only confirmed his master's astute observations. Zhang Shanfeng's cultivation progress was indeed very slow, and even now, he was yet to successfully advance to the Middle Five Tiers.

However, Zhang Shanfeng was a resilient person, and he had never felt discouraged or given up hope. He would occasionally feel disappointed, but this disappointment stemmed from the fact that he wasn't strong enough when it came to subduing demons and eliminating fiends. In some sense, Zhang Shanfeng's mindset was identical to Chen Ping'an's. The path underfoot was for him to walk, so there wouldn't be any notions of talent or lack thereof as long as he didn't compare himself to other people. This mindset allowed him to remain extremely determined and grounded.

There were many principles and theories regarding talent and aptitude, and the mystical nature of these principles and theories could all be captured by the word "innate." The core abode created by each person would vary in size, and this would then determine how much spiritual energy each person could absorb. There was also the issue of spiritual energy absorption rate, and delving even deeper, there were differences in terms of the purity of the spiritual energy absorbed. Some people could only absorb spiritual energy in a pitifully small stream, while other people could absorb spiritual energy in astonishingly large waves.

It was only after considering these aspects that one had the right to consider the environment inside their core abode as well as the form of their nascent soul.

Chen Ping'an frequently practiced the strange Heaven and Earth Stance now, flipping upside-down and standing on his hands. After practicing fist techniques for so long, Chen Ping'an was also able to figure out some things. For example, he could practice three stances of the Mountain Shaking Fist in unison, performing the six-step walking meditation while assuming the Heaven and Earth Stance. While doing this, he could also perform the Sword Furnace Stance of standing meditation with a single hand. At the same time, he could also use the Eighteen Stops Technique.

This was like a different world altogether.

The only problem was that he couldn't exactly see where he was going. When walking through the desolate mountain forests, Chen Ping'an would often wander away as he walked, splitting up from his companions walking along the mountain path and falling into streams or rolling down hills.

In the end, Pei Qian was the one who had come up with a dumb but useful solution, suggesting that they tie a rope to the tip of her hiking pole and to the Sword Nurturing Gourd hanging by Chen Ping'an's waist. She would walk in front and keep Chen Ping'an on track. Of course, Pei Qian also needed to perform the six-step walking meditation now.

And just like that, the young man and the little girl started to walk together one in front of another. They were cultivators walking along the same path of the Great Dao, both literally and figuratively.

Chapter 379 (4): Omen

Right now, Chen Ping'an was walking around the table on his hands.

Pei Qian finished copying the texts, and she found Chen Ping'an's act of performing the Heaven and Earth Stance and walking on his hands extremely interesting no matter how many times she looked at it.

Chen Ping'an flipped around and jumped back on his feet before taking a deep breath.

From Old Dragon City to Wasp Tail Ferry Station, and now to the Azure Phoenix Nation's Golden Osmanthus Temple, he was slowly recovering from Du Mao's strike that had pierced his abdomen. His strength was slowly climbing from the third tier back to the fourth. However, he still needed to rely on walking meditation, the medicinal wine, and a lengthy period of recuperation before he could return to the peak of the fifth tier.

In any case, there were both benefits and drawbacks to this. The drawback was naturally the fact that this would significantly delay his advance to the sixth tier. The benefit was that his foundation at the fifth tier would become even stronger.

Zhu Lian had once half-joked that even without external treasures, Chen Ping'an could still rely on his fifth-tier cultivation base as a pure martial artist to defeat him, Wei Xian, Lu Baixiang, and Sui Youbian, four pure martial artists at the peak of the sixth tier.

Sui Youbian had sneered in contempt, while Lu Baixiang had largely agreed with the assessment.

As for the taciturn Wei Xian, he had been busy talking nonsense with Pei Qian at the time.

Chen Ping'an sat down next to the table and checked the text that Pei Qian had copied. After confirming that she hadn't slacked off on any character, he signaled that she could head off to play.

"Master, I feel like the osmanthus trees near the back of the temple are nowhere near as impressive as the osmanthus branch and the osmanthus leaves that Aunt Gui gave me. The difference between them is huge," Pei Qian whispered softly. "Why are the Daoist priests still treating those osmanthus trees as precious treasures? Not only that, but they were even shameless enough to call them osmanthus trees from the moon. If those are the descendants of the osmanthus tree from the Moon Palace, then won't Aunt Gui be the moon goddess? Am I right?"

A thought occurred to Chen Ping'an, and he replied, "You shouldn't talk about other people behind their backs."

"Oh, okay," Pei Qian said.

However, Chen Ping'an suddenly chuckled to himself and added, "That said, I feel like you're not wrong."

A brilliant smile spread across Pei Qian's face, and she beamed, "I knew it! So Master feels the same way too."

Chen Ping'an's expression became stern as he warned her, "And that's why you need to show more respect the next time we meet Aunt Gui."

Pei Qian nodded and replied, "Of course, I genuinely like Aunt Gui."

"Then what about the little Daoist priest from the Golden Osmanthus Temple who lent you an umbrella?" Chen Ping'an asked in amusement.

Pei Qian slammed the table with her fist and fumed, "He was super annoying. If we encounter each other on a narrow path where there's no one else present, I'll definitely bash him up until even his parents and master can't recognize him anymore."

"Oh, so you're also aware that he was annoying?" Chen Ping'an asked with a chuckle. "Then think about this: how do you always pester Wei Xian and Lu Baixiang?"

Pei Qian widened her eyes in astonishment. After mulling over this for a long time, she could only retrieve her beloved Treasure Pagoda Demon-Suppressing Talisman and slap it on her forehead. She sighed and conceded, "By the looks of it, Old Man Wei and Little Bai are quite pitiful."

Chen Ping'an rewarded her with a knuckle to the forehead and lectured, "So you finally realize it now? What do the books tell us? Noble people should perform self-reflection three times every day. So, now is a good time for you to undertake a good, long self-reflection."

Pei Qian grabbed her head and suddenly stood up, running to the door before turning around and chuckling. "Master, I'm going to pay Old Man Wei and Little Bai a visit now. I'll tell them that I'll pay out of my own pocket and buy them each a skewer of tanghulu the next time we go to the market."

After Pei Qian left, Chen Ping'an started to think about the second bonded item that he needed to refine.

As for the physical body of Du Mao's yang soul, which was equivalent to the body of an Immortal Tier cultivator, Chen Ping'an decided to ask Cui Dongshan for some suggestions when he arrived at the Mountain Cliff Academy. Cui Dongshan was extremely knowledgeable about these things, so Chen Ping'an would make his decision after getting his input.

Chen Ping'an genuinely didn't trust the young imperial preceptor's character, but he did trust the knowledge and experience of this person who had once been the Scholarly Sage's first disciple.

Now that Chen Ping'an had reunited with Zhang Shanfeng, he had asked him many questions about cultivation, especially regarding the process of refining bonded items. Zhang Shanfeng naturally told Chen Ping'an everything that he knew.

Even though Zhang Shanfeng's cultivation base wasn't high, his knowledge and understanding were actually quite exceptional. This was most likely due to the fact that he had come from a proper immortal force. After all, his master was an external Heavenly Master of Mount Longhu, who didn't carry the Zhang surname. Even though there were huge variations in the cultivation bases of external Heavenly Masters, Daoist priests who could record their names in the genealogical records of the Heavenly Master Residence were all very impressive people.

Chen Ping'an retrieved a pot of osmanthus wine, took out a cup, and started drinking by himself.

According to Zhang Shanfeng's explanations, having more bonded items would not necessarily be better, even if one was wealthy and fortunate enough to have as many as they wanted. Being able to collect and refine one item for each of the Five Elements was the optimal outcome.

There should be a bonded item similar to that of the yellow earth bull, one that would help one rapidly absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. This was essential. In addition to this, one also needed a bonded item used for fighting and offensive abilities. For example, the bonded flying swords of sword cultivators were the pinnacle of offensive bonded items.

One also needed a bonded item used for defense, which could be something similar to Golden Sweet Wine or Militarian armor pellets. One would additionally need a bonded item used for the storage of treasures and weapons, and this could be something like a pocket treasure or a minimization treasure. However, these were incredibly rare and precious items that one could only obtain through a stroke of fortune most of the time.

Finally, one would need a subjugation treasure. With this subjugation treasure, one could develop an aura that would naturally frighten sinister demons and fiends. At the same time, one could also continue to accumulate yang energy, allowing them to remain unharmed even if they ventured through dangerous and unpredictable lands filled with yin energy and murderous aura.

Zhang Shanfeng also told Chen Ping'an that refining bonded items was a double-edged sword. This was because the destruction of a bonded item would detrimentally affect the foundation of one's Great Dao. The consequences were unthinkable.

Moreover, each bonded item needed to reside in an acupoint, so if there were inferior items or items that didn't align with the flow of spiritual energy in one's body, there was a big risk of the bonded items clashing with each other and thus detrimentally affecting the user's cultivation. In fact, one might even experience cultivation deviation because of this.

In the end, Zhang Shanfeng said that collecting and refining bonded items of the Five Elements was the dream of all Qi refiners except for sword cultivators. However, there was no point in directly searching for such items, because that would imply spending an exorbitant amount of immortal currency. And even then, one would still need to rely on their fated opportunities.

Generally speaking, it was sufficient to have three decent-quality bonded items, one for offense, one for defense, and one for absorbing and accumulating spiritual energy. This was the goal of most Middle Five Tier Qi refiners in the world, and only those who became earth immortals would aim for more.

Chen Ping'an was slightly hesitant about whether he should refine the golden scholarly core given to him by City God Shen Wen in the prefectural city of the Colorful Garment Nation.

In any case, inside that azure wooden box was a Colorful Garment Nation Blusher Prefecture City God Protection Seal rumored to have been personally crafted by a Great Heavenly Master from Mount Longhu. Chen Ping'an decided that he would give this to Zhang Shanfeng as a farewell gift.

City God Shen Wen from Blusher Prefecture had viewed this seal with great importance, so Chen Ping'an speculated that it was very possibly a pseudo-celestial tool. After all, Shen Wen had personally said that this seal would possess astounding might when paired with the Five Lightning Righteous Technique of Mount Longhu.

Back then, the seal had managed to block the infiltration of murderous aura from the large unmarked graveyard outside the prefectural city of Blusher Prefecture even though it had been sealed inside the city god pavilion. This was a clear reflection of just how profoundly powerful it was. It was definitely no ordinary immortal treasure.

Until today, Chen Ping'an hadn't opened the azure wooden box a single time.

Anyhow, the reason why Chen Ping'an was hesitating about whether he should refine the golden scholarly core was that he had obtained a white bowl decorated with the paintings of the Five Mountains of the Ancient Elm Nation during a battle in the Colorful Garment Nation. Because of Xu Yuanxia's suggestions, Chen Ping'an ultimately hadn't sold this bowl in the Green Beetle Shop.

In addition, this bowl could also produce five-colored state soil identical to the soil in the Ancient Elm Nation. Thus, Chen Ping'an naturally wouldn't use this white bowl, which could generate a profit of five snowflake coins a year, as his earth-element bonded item.

Chen Ping'an also considered the southward expedition of the Great Li Empire's mounted troops which was easily slicing through the enemy nations right now. In the north of the Great Li Empire was Wei Bo, the formal mountain god of Cloud Drape Mountain, the Northern Mountain of the empire. In the south of the Great Li Empire, Fan Junmao was seemingly guarding the empire's new Southern Mountain.

Once the Great Li Empire successfully conquered the entire Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, the five-colored soil of the empire would naturally become incredibly valuable. At that time, the imperial court of the Great Li Empire would definitely become extremely strict with their control of five-colored soil as well. Thus, if Chen Ping'an could determine the choices for the three other mountains of the Five Mountains right now and collect enough five-colored soil as well as a suitable storage vessel, then he could definitely reap huge benefits in the future.

However, it was difficult for Chen Ping'an to determine the three other mountains that would be chosen as the Eastern Mountain, Western Mountain, and Central Mountain. Meanwhile, it would also be rather risky for him to use this five-colored soil as a bonded item. It would definitely give him huge benefits in the short term, but his fate would end up being intimately linked with the rise and fall of the Great Li Empire in the long term. Even so, this would still be much more beneficial than detrimental to Chen Ping'an while he was still below the Upper Five Tiers. It could accelerate his cultivation speed and allow him to become an earth immortal very quickly.

As he drank osmanthus wine, Chen Ping'an recalled the group of reconnaissance cavalry from the Great Li Empire that he had come across in the heavy wind and snow. He also recalled Song Jixin, his former neighbor.

After drinking the last sip of osmanthus wine, Chen Ping'an ultimately decided against refining the five-colored state soil as his bonded item.

Having made this decision, Chen Ping'an didn't hesitate any longer. He was going to refine the golden scholarly core as his bonded item!

However, trying to gain such opportune time, geographical advantage, and support as he had in Old Dragon City would be as difficult as ascending the heavens.

Chen Ping'an stood up and walked over to the window, becoming lost in thought as he rested his arms on the windowsill.

At the end of the day, refining bonded items wasn't like practicing fist techniques, where perseverance would allow him to throw punch after punch and eventually succeed in throwing one million punches.

Xu Yuanxia knocked on his door and entered, after which Chen Ping'an returned to his seat beside the table and retrieved two wine cups. The two of them drank as they talked.

They didn't discuss anything important; Xu Yuanxia expressed his hope that some bookstore would one day be willing to publish and sell his travel journal. That way, he could earn some money for himself.

Upon hearing this, Chen Ping'an retrieved several bamboo slips on which he had recorded the interesting things that he had seen or heard on his journey. There were Old Dragon City's colossal immortal intercontinental ships such as Osmanthus Island and the Mountain and Sea Turtle, the sea of clouds above Old Dragon City, the rain god statues of that sect located on the island in the sea, the rain-bringing old flood dragon that had plummeted into the sea in exhaustion near the Flood Dragon Trench, the paintings of numerous sword immortal's in Stalactite Mountain's Ganoderma Inn, the carriageway at the Sword Qi Great Wall, Sky Calling Street in the Parasol Leaf Continent's Planchette Writing Sect, the sunset at Screen Illuminating Peak outside Mirage City...

Chen Ping'an handed these lush green bamboo slips that were filled with a dense array of characters to Xu Yuanxia. The big-bearded martial artist asked about the details, and the two of them continued to drink as one asked questions and one provided answers. Time slowly flowed away with the wine.

Next door, the young Daoist priest had completed his session of meditation and breathing exercises and was starting to slowly throw punches. However, his punches were very different from most fist techniques in the world, and he was seeking to punch slowly rather than to punch quickly. This kind of fist technique was unsuitable for fighting enemies, and it could probably only be used to nurture one's body. However, Zhang Shanfeng felt like it was most suitable for his friend.

He had created this fist technique by himself, so it was still only in its infancy stages right now. The principles behind this fist technique had come from his master's drunken words as well as his own comprehension, so he didn't know whether Chen Ping'an would like it or not. Would Chen Ping'an be willing to learn and practice this fist technique?

It was evening in the capital of the Azure Phoenix Nation, and two Confucian scholars from afar, dressed in azure, sat at a small and greasy table of a stall located by the road. There was a bamboo container filled with bamboo chopsticks on the table.

The skinny Confucian scholar who was around thirty years old was familiar with his companion's temper, so he said in a solemn voice, "Zhou Juran, let me say this first. I can't eat spicy food."

The young Confucian scholar called Zhou Juran smiled and replied, "Monkey, you've missed many delicacies in the world simply because you don't eat spicy food."

The senior scholar who had been teasingly called Monkey shook his head in helplessness.

He had been frightened and apprehensive the entire time while traveling over here. This was inevitable; Zhou Juran was a complete troublemaker whose idea of right and wrong was far more fuzzy than that of any virtuous scholar in any Confucian academy. However, he could largely accept most of Zhou Juran's viewpoints.

He looked at his surroundings, pondering.

The emperor of the Azure Phoenix Nation was acting of his own will and surprisingly allowing the winner of the debate between Buddhism and Daoism to become the new religion of the nation, placing them even higher than Confucianism.

If it weren't for Lake View Academy's attention being drawn by the Daoist Heavenly Lord in the Complete Reed Continent and rendering the academy unable to deal with the matters here, it wouldn't have been him, Hou Zheng, and Zhou Juran traveling to the Azure Phoenix Nation to address the issue. Rather than a noble scholar and a virtuous scholar coming here and "wandering" around the nation, it would have been two scholars directly heading to the imperial palace to scold the emperor.

Virtuous Scholar Zhou Juran ordered two local specialties, asking for one extra spicy and one not spicy. He started to eat with "Monkey" Hou Zheng from Old Dragon City.[1]

Zhou Juran was a young virtuous scholar who liked to call himself Zhou Ju in front of other people, and he stuffed a mass of spicy noodles into his mouth before mumbling in a muffled voice, "I heard Master say that this debate between Buddhism and Daoism in the Azure Phoenix Nation is going to be pretty different from what it appears on the surface. To outsiders, this looks like a debate where the Buddhists will send ten eminent monks and the Daoists will send ten spiritual masters to argue with each other in the palace. It looks like a competition of who can argue better.

"In reality, however, the decisive factor will be hidden away from view. The imperial palace specially invited an elder from the Cloud Forest Jiang Clan to act as the main referee. In addition to this, they've also asked two earth immortals to observe the mountains and rivers through their palms, using this mystical ability to keep an eye on a Daoist priest and a monk the entire time. They want to seamlessly organize a private debate between the two people to see whether Buddhism or Daoism is more profound.

"They want to determine a victor not only in terms of Buddhist scriptures and Daoist scriptures, but also in terms of who is better at interacting with others and persuading people. This entails comparisons between their knowledge, self-cultivation, and teaching abilities. In other words, there are three matches between them."

Hou Zheng frowned upon hearing this. This was the first time he had heard Zhou Juran mention this secret information. After pondering for a moment, he unfurrowed his brow and commented, "No wonder the mountain master didn't get very angry. They're the power of someone else to attack the enemy. In fact, the Azure Phoenix Nation's decision to do this isn't all bad."

Zhou Juran smiled knowingly and used his chopsticks to point at his interlocutor, saying, "Hou Zheng, this is the part of you that I like the most. You're open-minded, and you can also identify the positives."

Noble Scholar Hou Zheng shook his head and didn't say anything.

"Such significant events took place in Old Dragon City, so aren't you going to return home to take a look?" Zhou Juran asked.

Hou Zheng shook his head again, replying, "Me returning home won't change anything. The clan culture passed down by the ancestors of the Hou Clan was in tatters already, and what's remaining of it is already on its last legs as well. If I return, I would merely be making the flickering flames of the candle burn a little brighter. Rather than doing this, I may as well let it flicker between life and death by itself. I can only hope that a responsible descendant appears in the future. Only then will I dare to help."

Zhou Juran nodded and replied, "You've thought this through better than me."

Hou Zheng smiled bitterly and said, "I was born and raised there, so how could I not think about it more carefully?"

Zhou Juran stopped eating and asked, "Are you full yet?"

Hou Zheng glanced at the large and empty white bowl sitting in front of Zhou Juran, and he saw that not even a single drop of soup was remaining. He ignored Zhou Juran's question and started to eat.

Zhou Juran sighed in misery before turning around and shouting, "Shopkeeper, bring me another bowl... And remember to add a little less chili. The extra spicy option in your stall is truly spicy enough to kill someone."

There were women and young girls wearing veiled hats returning from their outings, and Zhou Juran looked at them and sighed with emotion, "Beautiful women returning from their spring outings with a slight sheen of perspiration as well as a vague scent of refreshing fragrance brought back from the mountains and lakes... Ah, this is truly beautiful."

Hou Zheng completely ignored Zhou Juran's words.

"How about I involve myself in this situation too?" Zhou Juran asked. "We may as well make this debate between Buddhism and Daoism in the Azure Phoenix Nation a small debate between the three teachings"

Hou Zheng replied very quickly this time, not even looking up as he said in a calm voice, "That won't do."

Zhou Juran smacked the greasy table with his hand and shouted, "Shopkeeper, ignore what I said earlier, I want the extra spicy option again!"

1. The Hou (侯) in Hou Zheng's name is a homonym of the character Hou (猴) for monkey, hence his nickname. ☜

Chapter 379 (5): Omen

Not far from where Noble Scholar Hou Zheng and Virtuous Scholar Zhou Juran were eating spicy noodles in the capital, there was a small and relatively unknown Daoist temple. The temple master was a middle-aged priest who was completely unknown in the Azure Phoenix Nation, and if he were to be viewed as a cultivator like any other, then he was even less remarkable, since he hadn't even reached the Middle Five Tiers.

Moreover, this White Cloud Temple had only been there for a hundred years or so, making it far younger than the established Daoist temples in the Azure Phoenix Nation that could easily have histories of thousands of years. Because of this, all of the locations with good feng shui in the capital had already been taken by the so-called senior Daoist temples a long time ago.

Compared to the size of the city, the White Cloud Temple looked much like a small piece of tofu. It was also forced to neighbor a bustling market. However, there were indeed a few ancient trees planted inside the temple, and this was something that the temple could be slightly proud of. However, these ancient trees also caused huge problems for the temple.

The children living in the surroundings liked to fly paper kites, but their kites would very often get stuck in the large trees of the temple. Thus, parents would often bring their sobbing children over and curse outside the temple. After venting their anger, they would barge into the temple to scold and lecture those timid little Daoist priests, instructing them to bring ladders over to climb the trees and retrieve the paper kites.

Upon getting their kites back, the tears of sadness on the children's faces would quickly transform into smiles of delight. However, having delayed their proper matters because of these trivial things, the parents would often continue to curse. Many of them would inevitably mumble that these troublesome and useless old trees should be chopped down and used for firewood.

When these troubles presented themselves, the haggard middle-aged temple master would walk out from the scripture library every single time. However, he would only dare to secretly stand in the distance with an anxious expression, relying on his junior brothers or disciples to face the wrath of the parents.

One time, a little Daoist priest secretly snuck out of the Daoist temple to fly paper kites with the other children. However, he accidentally flew his kite into one of the trees, and he had a huge mental battle with himself before deciding that he cherished the paper kite far too much. Thus, he mustered his courage to tell the Daoist temple about this.

In the end, however, he became an outlet for his master, the temple master, to vent his anger. He was almost spanked silly. However, the little Daoist priest also beamed in joy on the same day. As it turned out, a porcelain doll that he had wanted for a long time had mysteriously appeared on his bed. This allowed him to show off to the other little Daoist priests for a very long time.

It was late in the evening now, and the middle-aged Daoist priest raised his head while sitting inside the small scripture library. His eyes were feeling slightly sore after reading for too long.

Two walls of the scripture library had bookshelves reaching the roof, and apart from an incredibly large set of Daoist scriptures, there was surprisingly a large number of Buddhist scriptures and Confucian classics as well.

The middle-aged Daoist priest had carefully read all of these scriptures and classics already, and just his reading notes from the past few years alone numbered more than nine hundred thousand characters.

Others cultivated to transcend above nobles and officials, to attain Dao and achieve longevity, and to break free from the shackles of heaven and earth. However, the temple master of the White Cloud Daoist Temple simply cultivated for the sake of living a few years longer and reading a few more books.

He wanted to read all of the scriptures and classics of the three teachings and the hundred schools of thought.

————

Even though Chen Ping'an and the others were staying at the Great Marsh Gang's residence for the moment, Zhu Fengxian didn't visit Chen Ping'an and try to cotton up to him a single time. Only on the day of the disciple-recruitment ceremony did Zhu Fengxian meet up with Chen Ping'an in the morning and inform him that it was time to head to the Golden Osmanthus Daoist Temple together.

Zhu Fengxian and Chen Ping'an walked side-by-side while climbing Azure Waist Mountain, and they simply chatted about the traditions and customs of the Azure Phoenix Nation.

After arriving at the entrance of the Golden Osmanthus Temple, Xu Borui smiled and welcomed them before bringing the two groups of people to their seats. Zhu Fengxian's Great Marsh Gang and Chen Ping'an's group were seated next to each other.

In the end, Temple Master Zhang Guo took nine disciples, with Zhu Ziyang and Liu Qingcheng unsurprisingly taking up two of the nine spots. Of the other seven, two were siblings with a commoner background and five were descendants of wealthy clans in the Azure Phoenix Nation, Fortune Mountain Nation, and Lofty Sky Nation.

Counting Xu Borui and his two fellow disciples, Temple Master Zhang Guo now had twelve direct disciples.

The little Daoist priest who had lent an umbrella to Pei Qian had now become the senior brother of nine new disciples. Standing behind Xu Borui, he was so delighted that he couldn't wipe the smile from his face.

He hurriedly looked over at Pei Qian, yet he discovered that she wasn't looking at him at all. The little Daoist priest couldn't help but feel slightly disappointed.

The recruitment of disciples in Daoist temples was filled with formalities. The entire process actually took almost two hours. Following the conclusion of the ceremony, however, the Golden Osmanthus Temple gave Chen Ping'an, Zhu Fengxian, the old woman from Blusher Hall, and the leaders of the various other forces an oil-paper umbrella each. Considering the value of these items, they didn't have the right to complain even if they observed formalities for two entire days.

Zhu Fengxian needed to remain at the waist of the mountain for a few more days. Zhu Ziyang had only just become a disciple of the Golden Osmanthus Temple, after all, so what if she was unaccustomed to the lifestyle and failed to acclimatize quickly enough? Zhu Fengxian would feel uneasy and anxious if he left right away.

Chen Ping'an had watched a disciple-recruiting ceremony for free, and he had even been given a precious osmanthus branch umbrella for his trouble. After farewelling Zhu Fengxian and the old woman from Blusher Hall, Chen Ping'an and the others left Azure Waist Mountain, walking along the serene mountain path and heading to the chief military governor's office.

The yellow earth bull joined the group, and Pei Qian was sitting on its back right now.

When asking to ride the earth bull just then, Pei Qian had received a solid knuckle to the head from Chen Ping'an. However, the earth bull surprisingly didn't reject Pei Qian's request and allowed the little girl to sit on its back.

Compared to the four martial artists from the Lotus Flower Blessed Land, Zhang Shanfeng and Xu Yuanxia knew much more about matters pertaining to immortals in the mountains. Thus, they were very surprised by the yellow earth bull's response.

Another ten days passed, and they walked by a village that was surrounded by mountains on three sides. Dusk was setting in, and wisps of curling smoke rose from the chimneys of the houses with white walls and black roofs. The beams were filled with carvings and the pillars were covered in paintings, and the whole picture of the village was that of a paradise of peace and happiness.

Chen Ping'an and the others walked over following the small path on the mountain ridge, and when they arrived at the village, they discovered that neither side could speak the language of the other. Finally, a teacher from the village school hurriedly walked over and communicated with Chen Ping'an using the official dialect of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, which he wasn't very fluent in.

After speaking for a while, Chen Ping'an learned that almost everyone in the village coincidentally had the surname Chen. They had practiced martial arts and worked as armed escorts for generation after generation, and according to the clan rules established by their ancestors, children needed to stay in school for at least four years before they could leave and work in the fields, regardless of how poor their family was.

The clan leader was an old man, around seventy years of age. Yet even at his age, he was still filled with energy and vigor, with a spring in his step. He was dressed in a gray changshan, and according to the teacher from the village school, he was extremely skilled at martial arts and highly respected in the surrounding region of several hundred kilometers in radius. Because the clan leader had once stopped a prancing horse with his bare hands to save a little child in the busy market, people had honored him with the title of "Chen's Archway."

The elderly clan leader was extremely delighted upon hearing that Chen Ping'an's surname was also Chen, and he cordially invited Chen Ping'an to his house as a guest. He had already finished dinner, yet he asked his family to cook up an entire table of delicious dishes again. Meanwhile, the elderly clan leader retrieved a pot of self-made sorghum liquor and dragged Chen Ping'an over to drink with him.

Even though the elderly clan leader liked to drink, he wasn't a fan of forcing others to drink with him. However, it was exactly because of this that Chen Ping'an ended up having a little too much to drink.

In the end, he had no idea how he left the dinner table and went inside a room. When he woke up halfway through the night, he finally discovered that he was lying on a large and unfamiliar bed with an antique design. He pulled aside his blanket before putting on his boots and walking outside. Gazing up, he could see the exquisitely crafted dougong of the building.[1]

Back in the Lotus Flower Blessed Land, Chen Ping'an had asked Imperial Preceptor Zhong Qiu for many construction books related to building bridges. Among these books, Chen Ping'an had read the Treatise on Architectural Methods or State Building Standards quite a few times.[2] This treatise not only explained the standards of building bridges, but also introduced the standards for building houses, pagodas, and many other building types. Chen Ping'an was enraptured by these aspects of the treatise as well.

Most of the houses in the village were connected with a shared wall, leading to many of the corridors being extremely long. After splitting up their inheritances, many siblings would continue to be neighbors with each other.

Chen Ping'an walked out of the long corridor and onto a small path paved with bluestone slabs, following it all the way to a pond. He then stood there for an entire night.

In reality, he wasn't thinking about too many things either. Instead, he was simply standing there and zoning out.

The next day, he stayed behind again, following the insistence of the elderly clan leader.

Even though Pei Qian couldn't speak the local dialect, she was still able to play together with a large group of children the same age as her.

When heading over to call Pei Qian back for dinner, the group of children were busy playing catch the chicks.[3]

Pei Qian was just about to ask Chen Ping'an to play with them, yet Chen Ping'an smiled and raised a finger, bending it inward and pretending to strike her forehead.

However, he couldn't resist Pei Qian's relentless nagging, so he eventually caved in and became the mother hen protecting the little chicks. Meanwhile, Pei Qian became the eagle hunting the little chicks.

How could Pei Qian hope to catch a single chick tagging along behind Chen Ping'an, the mother hen?

And thus, Pei Qian swapped positions with the "chick" at the end of the line.

As they played, Pei Qian was the one who laughed the loudest.

There was a young Daoist priest standing in the distance, and he beckoned to them with a smile, signaling that it was time for the master and disciple to return and have dinner with everyone else.

It was almost time for the children to stop playing and return home as well. Smoke and steam rose from the kitchens into the colorful twilight sky, and many adults stood outside their houses and loudly called their children's names.

Chen Ping'an held Pei Qian's hand and walked toward Zhang Shanfeng.

Afterward, a short old Daoist priest with a bulbous nose suddenly appeared in front of the three of them as they walked along an alley. He was wearing black Daoist robes, and there was a bright red and lifelike fire dragon embroidered on each of his two sleeves.

Zhang Shanfeng was completely dumbfounded.

Chen Ping'an held his breath and gathered his concentration as if he were facing a powerful enemy.

Pei Qian only stole a few glances at the old Daoist priest before turning her head around, not daring to look at him anymore.

Zhang Shanfeng hurriedly walked forward and asked in confusion, "Master, why have you come here?"

The old Daoist priest widened his eyes and replied, "If I don't capture you and bring you back to the mountain to cultivate, then perhaps you're going to stay in the outside world, marry, have children, and start your own clan?"

Zhang Shanfeng turned around and flashed a helpless smile at Chen Ping'an, most likely signaling to his friend that this was the stinky temper of his master, so he shouldn't take it to heart.

When Zhang Shanfeng turned around, the old Daoist priest dazedly looked at the slightly pale face of the young Daoist priest as well as his shoulder, which had been pierced by a bonded flying sword. The old Daoist priest stomped his foot and flared up in rage, asking, "Who dared to injure you?! Tell me who it was, and your master... will stab a voodoo doll of them!"

Zhang Shanfeng reached up and rubbed his face. To have a master such as this... He truly had no face to look at Chen Ping'an.

Chen Ping'an's expression was solemn as he cupped his fists and paid respect to the old Daoist priest from the Northern Complete Reed Continent.

The old Daoist priest, an external Heavenly Master from Mount Longhu, nodded at Chen Ping'an in acknowledgment. He then used the ripples in his mind's lake to directly say, "Young lad, your bridge of immortality has been destroyed and then reconstructed? You've had a rough ride. However, your bonded item belonging to the water element is truly filled with an immortal aura. Mhm, this is quite impressive."

After saying this, the old Daoist priest turned his attention back to Zhang Shanfeng and asked him to hold out his hand. Holding two fingers together, the old Daoist priest drew a talisman in the air before casually flicking his sleeve and causing a burst of golden light to flash in the air. The two weapons that had been left in the chief military governor's office—Zhang Shanfeng's True Martial and Xu Yuanxia's short saber—immediately fell down from the sky.

Zhang Shanfeng wasn't surprised at all. He reached out and caught True Martial and the short saber, and he didn't forget to turn around and explain to Chen Ping'an, "My master's cultivation base isn't high, and he isn't skilled at many things. However, he's quite good at these kinds of small tricks."

The old Daoist priest stroked his beard and smiled smugly, surprisingly not feeling humiliated about being exposed by his disciple. Instead, he looked quite proud of himself.

Chen Ping'an glanced at the young Daoist priest before glancing at the old Daoist priest with fiery dragons embroidered on his sleeves. He felt like Zhang Shanfeng's familiarity with his master was causing some deep misunderstanding and blinding him to his master's true capabilities.

Using the tip of his foot, the old Daoist priest appeared to randomly scribble on the ground for a moment. Not a single mark was left on the bluestone path, yet the old Daoist priest instructed Zhang Shanfeng to step inside. Zhang Shanfeng wanted to speak, yet he couldn't help but hesitate. The old Daoist priest's voice was firm and unable to be questioned as he said, "I'm going to take you on a trip to Mount Longhu."

Zhang Shanfeng raised his foot to step inside the talisman that seemingly didn't exist, but first tossed the short saber to Chen Ping'an and said with a bitter smile, "Help me apologize to Big Brother Xu. This has come far too suddenly, so I can only leave without saying goodbye."

Chen Ping'an caught Xu Yuanxia's short saber and suddenly remembered something. He hurriedly retrieved the azure wooden box from his pocket treasure and tossed it to Zhang Shanfeng, saying, "Here, this is a gift for you. There's a seal from the city god pavilion of the Colorful Garment Nation's Blusher Prefecture inside this box, and it's best that you use it together with the Five Lightning Righteous Technique."

Seeing that the wooden box was old and seemingly very ordinary, Zhang Shanfeng felt at ease as he accepted it and placed it inside a pocket.

The old Daoist priest suddenly squinted his eyes before returning to normal again. He smiled and said, "I'll give you ten seconds to make a request. I won't accept any request after the time is up."

Chen Ping'an didn't hesitate at all as he replied, "Then, Spiritual Master, can I please trouble you with earnestly teaching Zhang Shanfeng some profound Dao techniques? Can you please be... a little more diligent?"

The old Daoist priest laughed heartily and pointed at Chen Ping'an, clicking his tongue in wonder and remarking, "Good one, young lad, you're scolding me in a roundabout manner."

He then grabbed Zhang Shanfeng, and the two of them disappeared in a flash. Chen Ping'an noticed that the sparse spiritual energy in the alley wasn't affected at all.

Chen Ping'an fell deep into thought.

Pei Qian tugged Chen Ping'an's sleeve and asked, "What should we do?"

Chen Ping'an regained his senses and replied with a smile, "Go back and eat, of course."

1. Dougong is a structural element of interlocking wooden brackets, important in traditional Chinese architecture for both its structural capacities and cultural implications. ☜

2. The Yingzao Fashi (营造法式), or Treatise on Architectural Methods or State Building Standards, is a technical treatise on architecture and craftsmanship written by the Chinese author Li Jie, the Directorate of Buildings and Construction, during the mid Song Dynasty of China. He revised many older treatises on architecture from 1097 to 1100. ☜

3. The game is literally called "eagle catching chicks," and it involves the "eagle" trying to tag the "chicks" while the "mother hen" tries to protect them. ☜

Chapter 380: Parting and Reunion

At the dinner table of the Chen Clan's leader, Chen Ping'an sat down in Zhang Shanfeng's original spot and briefly explained the situation to Xu Yuanxia, telling him that the young Daoist priest had been brought away by his master.

To the big-bearded martial artist, this was nothing more than an ordinary parting. During his earlier years on the battlefield, he had become accustomed to eternal partings with his companions. Thus, even death was a common occurrence to him; how could anything less than that upset him?

Chen Ping'an accompanied Xu Yuanxia and drank a few cups of wine. In fact, before entering the dining room and sitting down at the table, he had already taken out two pots of osmanthus wine, one for the clan leader and one to enjoy with Xu Yuanxia.

The elderly clan leader had drunk sorghum liquor his entire life, so his impression of alcohol was that it should burn the throat and light up the belly. He was also a direct person, so he asked the village teacher sitting beside him to translate his comments for Chen Ping'an.

Using the official dialect of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, the village teacher repeated the elderly clan leader's words to Chen Ping'an, saying that this wine was most likely very expensive. However, its taste was very mellow and not impactful enough, meaning that it lacked some flavor. That being the case, it would be just right for the women in the village.

Chen Ping'an felt slightly helpless upon hearing this. Xu Yuanxia was also well aware of just how valuable this osmanthus wine was. This was a wine that could genuinely extend the lifespan of ordinary mortals. In fact, just one cup of this wine was worth more than all of the sorghum liquor in this village combined. Yet, the elderly clan leader had such a low opinion of it? Xu Yuanxia almost choked on his wine.

After dinner, Chen Ping'an and Xu Yuanxia strolled around the tranquil village. Chen Ping'an returned the short saber to Xu Yuanxia, and the latter put his weapon away as he listened to Chen Ping'an describe Zhang Shanfeng's master.

Xu Yuanxia was slightly astonished by what he heard, and he exclaimed, "The land-shortening technique of Qi refiners is actually derived from the astral steps of Daoist priests. Zhang Shanfeng is an external Daoist priest of Mount Longhu, so it isn't strange that his master is skilled at this technique. At the end of the day, this is a technique originating from the Daoist Sect, after all.

"The major thing is how far you can travel like that. The difference between traveling a few dozen meters and a few dozen kilometers is like the difference between heaven and earth. As for drawing a talisman on the ground to bring another person away... Honestly, I've never even heard of such a feat before."

Xu Yuanxia paused for a moment before continuing, "So be it if this was all. However, to draw a talisman on Zhang Shanfeng's hand and managing to retrieve True Martial and the short saber from a thousand kilometers away? Just what kind of technique is this?"

Chen Ping'an sighed with emotion and replied, "How should I know?"

Xu Yuanxia smiled and said, "No matter what, it's a good thing that Zhang Shanfeng has a truly powerful master. It's just that our young friend was too impolite, hiding this from us the entire time and forcing me to worry about whether he was an external disciple from a third-rate force in the Complete Reed Continent. After all, most of the people claiming to be Heavenly Masters from Mount Longhu who go outside to subdue demons and eliminate fiends are just scammers. The world is swamped with these liars.

"I was filled with worry the entire time, and I carefully prodded around a few times to figure out whether Zhang Shanfeng was tricked into joining a force that scammed people of their money. If he had actually become the disciple of a weak fraudster by accident, then it would have been best for him to sever this relationship as early as possible. In fact, it would have been a good idea for him to not return to the Northern Complete Reed Continent. In any case, maybe it's best that I didn't see what his master did, or else I would've had to pick up my jaw from the ground."

Chen Ping'an smirked. He seemed to be taking pleasure in Xu Yuanxia's misfortune.

Xu Yuanxia felt slightly hesitant at this moment.

As the two of them slowly walked along the bluestone path surrounding the pond, Chen Ping'an said, "Big Brother Xu, feel free to speak your mind. Is there any need to be so polite with each other?"

"During this trip to the Azure Phoenix Nation, Zhang Shanfeng went with me to bring that ash urn back to the person's family," Xu Yuanxia replied. "Then, I went with him to attend the Liberation Rite of Water and Land and the Heavenly Worship Ceremony. To be honest, now that Zhang Shanfeng has returned to that Heavenly Master Residence with his master, I'm also starting to miss home a little."

"Then take a trip home earlier," Chen Ping'an suggested with a faint smile.

Xu Yuanxia stopped and stroked his beard, saying, "I've wandered around the outside world for so many years, and apart from sending some money and letters back home at set intervals, I have no idea what my hometown has become like now."

"Then how about I go with you?" Chen Ping'an offered in a quiet voice. "If you feel like it's inappropriate for Wei Xian and the others to go, then I'll only bring Pei Qian with me. I'll tell Wei Xian and the others to travel to the capital of the Azure Phoenix Nation for now."

Xu Yuanxia smiled and shook his hand, replying, "You're not a beautiful maiden or anything, so do I need you to accompany me home? You should follow your original plan. There's no need to change your plans for me."

"I never had any plan to begin with. What, is there something in your hometown that can't be exposed? Are you afraid of me seeing through your scam?"

Xu Yuanxia sighed and squatted down beside the pond, using the pommel of his saber to gently tap the bluestone path. "My family is pretty well-off; they can probably be considered a prominent clan in the county. There was a marriage arranged for me, and I happened to take a glance at that young woman before I left home. She was fairly pretty, and I did in fact like her. But I was extremely ambitious back then, and I felt like I could make a huge name for myself in just three to five years. Afterward, I could confidently strut into the town and give her a grand wedding. Yet before I knew it, I'd already been wandering around for more than ten years."

Chen Ping'an squatted down beside Xu Yuanxia and consoled him, "Big Brother Xu, you're an authentic fifth-tier martial artist who's also familiar with battle formations. If you return home, becoming a general in the imperial court shouldn't be too difficult, right?"

"That's right, it won't be too difficult," Xu Yuanxia replied with a nod. But then he sighed. "The closer to home I get, the more nervous I become. However, this is quite a frightening response when I think about it. I was never this anxious and agonized even when I fought with my life on the line on the battlefield during my younger days."

Chen Ping'an pondered on this for a moment. Since Xu Yuanxia wanted to return home by himself, he naturally had his reasons for doing so. Thus, he said in a quiet voice, "I plan to travel to Bamboo Scroll Lake's Cyan Gorge Island next, and I'm going to look for a child called Gu Can. He also lived in Clay Vase Alley back then, and he's now a disciple of Liu Zhimao, the River Severing True Lord. If everything goes well, then I'll travel to the Confucian academy in the Great Sui Nation afterward and look for a few other children who also came from my hometown.

"Big Brother Xu, if you encounter any challenge back home that's too difficult for you to solve by yourself, then don't forget that you have two friends in the cultivation world who can help. Zhang Shanfeng might be difficult to reach now, but you can always contact me. Well, that might be a little troublesome as well. Make sure you deliver two letters at once, lest I miss your message."

Xu Yuanxia patted Chen Ping'an's shoulder before pointing at the pond in front of them and saying, "My hometown can be compared to this pond—it's small and unable to be viewed as the cultivation world or whatnot.[1] As a fith-tier martial artist with two decent weapons, this is more than enough for me to brag and show off. Even the provincial overseer will treat me as an esteemed guest. After all... do you think everyone is like you, Chen Ping'an?"

Chen Ping'an handed his Sword Nurturing Gourd to Xu Yuanxia and said in a soft voice, "Here, have a taste of this. This is some genuinely good wine. If you like it, then you can take the wine with you. Of course, you can't take the wine gourd."

Xu Yuanxia was slightly skeptical, yet his face instantly flushed bright red after he took a sip of medicinal wine refined from the golden core of the Nascent Tier flood dragon from the vermilion wine gourd. The breath of True Qi in his body was stirred, and it rushed past his acupoints like huge waves slamming into rock cliffs.

Xu Yuanxia hurriedly channeled his Qi to stabilize his body, and it took him quite a bit of work to digest the intense effects of the medicinal wine. He burped and exhaled a breath of murky Qi that had been stuck in his body for a long time and unable to be purified. He wiped his mouth, and there was a bright glimmer in his eyes as he exclaimed, "This wine is truly incredible. Martial artists only need to drink a single sip to see amazing results."

Chen Ping'an was in no hurry to take back the Sword Nurturing Gourd, so he crossed his arms and chuckled, "Do you think everyone is like you, Xu Yuanxia? Do you think everyone can drink some medicinal wine from this wine gourd?"

Xu Yuanxia roared with laughter and didn't hold back anymore, tilting his head back and drinking another large mouthful of medicinal wine, using it to cleanse his pure True Qi and expel any impurities. Not content with this, he took a third swig of medicinal wine and directly sat down cross-legged, remaining still for a long time like an old monk ,edotatomg.

When Xu Yuanxia opened his eyes again, he handed the wine gourd to Chen Ping'an and said, "Alright, three's the limit. I finally have something to look forward to now, and I can dream about becoming a sixth-tier martial artist. Three swigs of this wine is enough, and drinking any more will do more harm than good. My foundation as a martial artist isn't strong enough, so I can't drink too much of it. I'll ask you for more when I break through the final barrier of the fifth tier and advance to the sixth."

Chen Ping'an was slightly puzzled. "Then why not take the wine with you? This will save you the trouble of having to ask me for it later."

Even though Chen Ping'an needed this medicinal wine to nurture his physique and soul right now, he had already embarked on the proper path of martial arts cultivation. Thus, not drinking this medicinal wine would simply result in his cultivation speed being somewhat slower. Back in Old Dragon City, this medicinal wine had been a huge help during a dire time, especially since Chen Ping'an had just been severely wounded by Du Mao's celestial weapon. Now, however, it was only icing on the cake.

However, it was a different story for Xu Yuanxia. This precious medicinal wine that couldn't be bought with money had profound implications for the big-bearded martial artists. Disregarding the Great Li Empire, the smaller nations of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent treated martial artists very differently depending on their cultivation base. Indeed, the difference between how fifth-tier martial artists and sixth-tier martial artists were treated was like the gulf between heaven and earth.

In fact, seventh-tier martial artists might be powerful enough to affect the martial fortune of a small nation. That being the case, sixth-tier martial artists who had the potential to reach the seventh tier, the Vajra Body Tier, would naturally be treasured and recruited by the rulers of smaller nations.

Xu Yuanxia glanced at Chen Ping'an and replied, "This medicinal wine can accelerate one's cultivation and not leave behind any side-effects, so it's obviously a top-notch treasure. But it isn't necessarily beneficial for martial artists who need to temper their mental state after advancing. With this medicinal wine, they'd inevitably start feeling lucky.

"They might not slack off on their physical training, but their mental state might become overly calm. If that's the case, then their fist techniques will naturally become limp and sluggish. Chen Ping'an, do you think martial artists of this world can control themselves and refrain from drinking this medicinal wine if each sip is able to help them advance their cultivation base?"

Xu Yuanxia gazed into the distance and sighed with emotion, "Even though I'm well aware that drinking too much of this medicinal wine will have a detrimental effect on my cultivation in the long run, I have to admit that I won't be able to control my impulse to drink it. In any case, I'm a drunkard, after all, so will I give a damn about my cultivation roadblocks or whatnot once I start to drink? I'll enjoy myself to my heart's content before I start to think about these things."

When it came to one's mental resolve on the path of cultivation, Xu Yuanxia conceded that he was inferior to Zhang Shanfeng and even more inferior to Chen Ping'an.

Chen Ping'an nodded and said, "Then I'll wait for you to reach the sixth tier first. When that time comes, I'll give you this wine as a celebration wine."

"When you travel north this time, don't forget to pay Sword Saint Song and those two children in Blusher Prefecture a visit if you have the opportunity to travel through the Colorful Garment Nation and the Water Combing Nation," Xu Yuanxia suddenly said. "Of course, you should also visit that couple in the ghost estate."

Chen Ping'an smiled and replied, "Naturally. I need to treat Old Senior Song to some hotpot, and I need to check on those two children to see whether their cultivation journeys are going smoothly. I also need to visit that old estate to try out the old granny's braised pork with dried bamboo shoots."

Xu Yuanxia laughed heartily. Cultivation and wealth aside, Chen Ping'an was still the same Chen Ping'an as before. He patted the young man's shoulder again, exerting much more force than last time. His voice was filled with energy and vigor as he said, "Chen Ping'an, both you and Zhang Shanfeng need to cultivate earnestly and make a name for yourselves. When you guys become successful and renowned in the future, I'll also be able to boast in front of other people when I hear of your feats in my hometown. At that time, countless people will cry and shout as they beg me to drink with them and tell them stories about you and Zhang Shanfeng."

Chen Ping'an cupped his fists and said in amusement, "Thanks for your blessings, Big Brother Xu."

Xu Yuanxia stood up and said, "Alright, it was still okay before when we were randomly strolling around, and I didn't really feel anything. But now that I'm thinking about home, it's as if my stomach is craving wine and causing an uprising. It will feel terrible if I don't take a sip. Haha, that pot of old wine is none other than my hometown—it's time to set off!"

Chen Ping'an also stood up, saying, "Then I'll accompany you to your room to pack up. I'll go with you for a short distance."

Xu Yuanxia shot a glare at him and scolded, "Why so sentimental? You need to learn from Zhang Shanfeng when it comes to farewells. Look at how straightforward and quick he was! He immediately left when it was necessary."

Chen Ping'an rolled his eyes and retorted, "Him? I'll be quite impressed if Zhang Shanfeng isn't crying right now. In fact, why don't we have a bet on this?"

Xu Yuanxia rubbed his chin and said, "There's no one to bet with. That idiot is hiding from his master and secretly bawling his eyes out."

Chen Ping'an also rubbed his chin, saying, "Is this a case of great minds thinking alike?"

Xu Yuanxia laughed and strode away, telling Chen Ping'an that there was no need to see him off. However, the big-bearded martial artist suddenly remembered that it was late at night, and it was very possible that many women and children had already gone to bed. Thus, he quietened down and waved farewell with his back facing Chen Ping'an. He didn't hesitate or pause at all.

Standing there, Chen Ping'an inevitably felt the slight sorrow of parting.

Around thirty minutes later, Pei Qian slowly trudged over with sleepy eyes. Running through the alleyways at night was quite terrifying, so that yellow paper talisman was once again stuck on her forehead. After finding Chen Ping'an, she asked in puzzlement, "Why is the big-bearded uncle running away? Does he owe you money, Master? Is he unable to repay it, so he feels too ashamed to show his face? So he's sneaking away at night?"

Pei Qian felt extremely irritated by this, so she angrily stomped her feet and punched her palm before fuming, "That poor uncle with a big beard is far too disloyal! If he doesn't have enough money to repay his debts, then he can secretly borrow some from me! It's not like I'll expose his embarrassing actions to Master or anything."

She wasn't sure why, but she had a nagging feeling that Chen Ping'an had been unusually happy the entire time after meeting the young Daoist priest with mediocre talent and the big-bearded uncle with a supremely loud voice. It seemed like he was even happier than if he had made a lot of money.

In reality, however? Ever since meeting the yellow earth bull at the mountain pass, her master had lost money, then lost money, and then lost some more money. Indeed, hadn't he given Zhang Shanfeng an azure wooden box? One that held some kind of important seal? Moreover, during their trip from Old Dragon City to Wasp Tail Ferry Station, had her master been willing to drink his osmanthus wine and well-water immortal wine every single day?

By the looks of it, making friends in the cultivation world was completely meaningless. After all, doing so would cause a person to lose all of their money.

Chen Ping'an smiled and shook his head, correcting, "Your big-bearded uncle simply misses home. We can look for him in the future, and you can also look for him by yourself when you start to travel around the cultivation world. You'll most likely be old enough to drink at that time, so you need to remember to bring some good wine when you visit him."

Pei Qian shook her head and said, "The cultivation world is teeming with dangers, and wine is far too expensive. I've decided that I won't travel around the cultivation world."

Chen Ping'an twisted her ear and scolded, "Just how old are you? And you're telling me that the cultivation world is teeming with dangers?"

Pei Qian stood on her tippy-toes and begged for mercy, saying, "Old Man Wei and the big-bearded uncle both said the same thing. I felt like it was quite impressive and gallant when they said this, so I decided to casually repeat it as well."

Chen Ping'an let go of her ear and chuckled, "Use the six-step walking meditation to go back to your room and sleep."

Pei Qian could perform the six-step walking meditation decently well now, but she was still unable to capture the essence of standing meditation and the corresponding Sword Furnace Stance. As for the Heaven and Earth Stance, Pei Qian was indeed very interested in learning this. However, she couldn't grasp this stance no matter what. This was because she couldn't even do a handstand yet.

An uneventful night passed by.

The roosters started to crow very early in the mountain village, but Chen Ping'an didn't go out for a stroll after waking up. This was because the martial arts practitioners in the village were about to gather and train together in around half an hour. They would train together in the morning and at night, and they would persist with this training day after day, year after year. This was the case for all men in the village, whether they were young boys or grown men. In fact, even women were allowed to join if they wanted to.

Many people in this village went on to work as armed escorts, so it would naturally be difficult to build a good reputation if one didn't possess solid martial arts skills. According to the village teacher, the reputation of their clan leader, known as Chen's Archway, was extremely useful in this province of the Azure Phoenix Nation when descendants of the Chen Clan went to work as armed escorts or travel around the cultivation world.

When Chen Ping'an walked past the martial arts training ground of the Chen Clan yesterday, he didn't stop to observe like he had observed the martial arts school in the Lotus Flower Blessed Land. Instead, he had briskly walked past and left.

Not only that, but Chen Ping'an even spoke with the four martial artists from the Lotus Flower Blessed Land, especially Lu Baixiang and Sui Youbian, and told them that it was best to avoid walking around with weapons in this mountain village.

They needed to adapt to the local traditions and customs.

On this morning, Chen Ping'an and his companions gathered together to eat breakfast. After finishing breakfast, they would prepare to leave the village and head to the capital of the Azure Phoenix Nation. Before leaving the country, Chen Ping'an wanted to watch the grand debate between Buddhism and Daoism, which the emperor had spent all of his effort organizing.

Apart from Wasp Tail Ferry Station, located at the intersection of three nations, there was also another immortal ferry station located in the eastern regions of the Azure Phoenix Nation. Apparently, it was slightly larger than Wasp Tail Ferry Station. Back in Wasp Tail Ferry Station, Chen Ping'an and the others had heard that war and chaos were ravaging the central region of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, and this was the case for both cultivators in the mountains and people outside the mountains. Thus, many intercontinental ships heading to this area had stopped running.

There was no ferry station above Bamboo Scroll Lake, and the two ferry stations nearest to it were located in the heavily guarded area of a nation's capital and an immortal force in the mountains. However, both places were affected by the chaotic wars, with the heavy cavalry of the Great Li Empire trampling all over the lands and sending blood flying everywhere. Thus, Chen Ping'an wanted to try his luck with the ferry station located in the eastern regions of the Azure Phoenix Nation. Otherwise, the distance to Bamboo Scroll Lake would be far too great to cover on foot.

While sitting around a table and eating congee, Chen Ping'an and the others suddenly turned around to look toward the courtyard located outside the dining room. A snow-white figure appeared extremely eye-catching as it gracefully hovered out from the shadows of the corridor and stood still. There was a dazzling smile on this person's face.

It was a young boy in white with an immortal aura.

He appeared even more ethereal than Chen Ping'an.

Pei Qian dazedly stared at the uninvited guest, and for some unknown reason, she hurriedly took out the Treasure Pagoda Demon-Suppressing Talisman and slapped it on her forehead.

Chen Ping'an put his chopsticks down and heaved a soft sigh.

Wei Xian and the others were slightly puzzled.

Apart from this person's outstanding appearance and outfit, they couldn't determine his strength or cultivation base at all. In fact, they couldn't even determine whether he was an immortal from the mountains or a pure martial artist.

This made them feel less and less confidence.

Chen Ping'an stood up and walked over, stopping near the door threshold before asking, "Why did you come here?"

With tears in his eyes and his lips quivering, the young boy sobbed and shouted as he ran over to Chen Ping'an, seemingly wanting to hug him and lament about the pain of separation. It was a very touching sight.

"Master, I've caused you to suffer so much by arriving too late. Disciple Cui Dongshan deserves to die a hundred times over to make up for his sins... Aargh...!"

Chen Ping'an directly raised a foot and kicked his repulsive "disciple" away.

Pei Qian widened her eyes in astonishment. Where had this person suddenly come out from? By the looks of it, he was trying to snatch her master away?

Cui Dongshan spun countless times in the air, with his large sleeves fluttering around like beautiful white clouds pushed away by the outstretched hand of an immortal.

1. The term for cultivation world is Jianghu (江湖), which literally means rivers and lakes. Xu Yuanxia is thus saying his hometown is a small pond that's incomparable to the rivers and lakes. ☜

Chapter 381: Martial Fortune of a Nation

Cui Dongshan wiped away his tears after landing on the ground. He then jogged over and lamented, "Master, you must have had a difficult time camping in the wilderness while traveling more than a million kilometers through the world. You must have suffered far too much. Yet, as your disciple, I was unable to accompany you and make life easier for you. I deserve to be punished... I truly deserve to be punished...!"

Lu Baixiang immediately understood the situation. He remembered that Chen Ping'an had once mentioned something about an unofficial disciple who was seeking knowledge in the Great Sui Nation's Mountain Cliff Academy. This unofficial disciple of his was very good at playing Go, so Chen Ping'an had told Lu Baixiang that he could play Go with this person if he had an opportunity in the future.

Chen Ping'an returned inside and sat down at the dining table. Pei Qian, who still had the yellow paper talisman stuck to her forehead, hesitated for a moment before vacating her seat and walking over to sit next to Sui Youbian.

Cui Dongshan strode inside, yet he didn't sit down next to Chen Ping'an. Instead, he first went to the kitchen to grab himself a bowl and a pair of chopsticks. Afterward, he chose to sit down next to Lu Baixiang.

He was just about to grab a piece of fermented bean curd to go with his congee, yet he suddenly put his chopsticks down and sighed, "My heart aches so much that I can't bring myself to eat."

Chen Ping'an cut to the chase and asked, "Did you make your way over because you read that letter that I sent to Li Baoping? But why are you coming to the Azure Phoenix Nation? After all, I was always planning to visit Mountain Cliff Academy to look for you guys. Perhaps you're here for the debate between Buddhism and Daoism?"

Cui Dongshan smiled and replied, "That debate is nothing more than a bunch of little chicks fighting for food—there's nothing interesting about it. I'm afraid that I might accidentally slip up and..."

Under the watchful gazes of everyone, the boastful young immortal suddenly slapped himself and scolded, "Will you die if you don't boast?!"

Chen Ping'an didn't ask anything else, so Cui Dongshan also fell silent as he started to eat. His chopsticks became a blur, and it was clear that he was famished.

After breakfast, Zhu Lian and Pei Qian worked together to clean the dishes and wipe the table. Cui Dongshan asked the hunchbacked old man whether he needed any help, and Zhu Lian politely replied that everything was under control. Cui Dongshan nodded and left the dining room with Chen Ping'an, casually walking toward the courtyard with a skywell.

Lu Baixiang turned to Cui Dongshan and asked, "Do you mind playing a game of Go when you're free?"

Cui Dongshan didn't even bother to turn around as he waved a hand dismissively and replied, "I don't know how to play Go."

Everyone felt as if a huge weight had been lifted from their shoulders when he finally disappeared from view.

Zhu Lian was standing at the entrance of the kitchen and drying his hands. He looked toward Wei Xian, who was sitting on the steps, and asked with a smile, "What are your thoughts?"

"I see a large fish in a deep river," Wei Xian replied in a calm voice.

Meanwhile, Lu Baixiang turned to Sui Youbian and asked, "Do you think this person views me as too unskilled to play Go with him, or do you think he's too afraid to make a fool of himself?"

Sui Youbian dodged the question and responded, "His physical body is quite strange."

Pei Qian was poking her head outside the door to observe the situation in the courtyard, as if she was trying to hide from that handsome young boy in elegant white robes. It was as if she feared that he would suddenly dash over from the corridor in the blink of an eye.

By the looks of it, she was genuinely very afraid of Cui Dongshan.

They had only eaten a single meal together, yet Pei Qian already viewed Cui Dongshan as if he were a ferocious beast.

Chen Ping'an strolled around the alleys of the mountain village with Cui Dongshan, walking along the smooth and mirror-like paths paved from bluestone slabs. Cui Dongshan obediently walked behind Chen Ping'an, and the master and disciple appeared like two white sparrows as they walked between the tall walls of the slightly dim alley with a bluestone path.

Then Cui Dongshan quickened his pace and walked next to Chen Ping'an, holding one hand behind his back and slapping the wall with his other hand as he said quietly, "Master, I heard that you obtained the yang body of Du Mao, that Ascension Tier cultivator. Is that right? This yang body is equivalent to the physical body of an Immortal Tier cultivator, and its toughness is able to rival that of ninth-tier martial artists. Not to mention, Du Mao has already tempered and refined this yang body into something like a small world. In other words, whoever occupies this body has a guaranteed path to the Upper Five Tiers."

Chen Ping'an raised an eyebrow. "You heard? Heard from whom exactly?"

Cui Dongshan smiled faintly and replied, "Those from the mountains naturally have their clever ways, and your disciple naturally has his own."

"You want this immortal yang body?" Chen Ping'an directly asked.

Cui Dongshan's expression became complicated, and he shook his head and replied, "My current body is an immortal body left behind by an ancient immortal. Moreover, it's the body of some type of flood dragon from the ancient Shu Nation, so it's just as valuable as Du Mao's yang body, if not more. But with that said... Who won't be tempted by such a rare and valuable treasure? Master, if you take pity on me and decides to bestow the yang body upon me with a wave of his hand, then I'll naturally shed tears of gratitude and be willing to loyally serve you—"

"Where can I find a powerful yin entity who's compatible with this immortal yang body?" Chen Ping'an asked. "Do I need a heroic spirit from some ancient battlefield? Or do I need a ghost general or ghost king from some unmarked burial ground?"

Cui Dongshan grinned widely and replied, "It seems like you are quite familiar with the concept of occupying an immortal body. However, I have some bad news to tell you. Whether it's ancient battlefields brimming with countless yin soldiers and yin generals or unmarked burial grounds housing the corpses of hundreds of thousands of victims, the yin entities produced by these places are far too lowly.

"In terms of cultivation base, they'll be at the Nascent Tier at the very most. That's simply insufficient to occupy and suppress an immortal body like this. If such a yin entity enters this immortal body, it will be like throwing a bucket of boiling oil into a barrel of water. Both sides will repel and erode each other, leading to a mutually destructive outcome. At the end of the day, it's up to your own skills and fortune to see whether you can find a yin entity with suitably strong aptitude and affinity. That's the important aspect. As for the cultivation base of the yin entity, that isn't especially important."

Chen Ping'an silently committed this to memory. He then said, "We're about to set off for the capital of the Azure Phoenix Nation, and we might pass by a chief military governor's official residence on our way there. We might not visit this official residence, but the chief military governor might look for us anyway. I want to let you know about this beforehand."

Cui Dongshan cupped his hands and bowed in respect, replying, "I'll listen to your instructions, Master; I don't have any complaints."

For the next five days, Cui Dongshan would occasionally flatter Chen Ping'an as they traversed mountains and crossed rivers. Apart from this, he seldom interacted with Pei Qian and the four martial artists from the picture scrolls, with almost no words spoken between them.

It was as if Chen Ping'an had gained a lazy follower who had only appeared extraordinary during his initial appearance. Afterward, Cui Dongshan had appeared completely idle and mediocre. He didn't observe the games of Go between Lu Baixiang and Sui Youbian, nor did he watch Pei Qian when she practiced her Deranged Demon Sword Techniques. He never helped Zhu Lian cook either. From the morning until night, all he did was giddily follow Chen Ping'an around.

On this day, they arrived at a small county city that had both a scholarly temple and a martial sage temple. The former had few worshippers and incense offerings, while the latter was enjoying a large number of worshippers and an abundance of incense offerings. It was said that this martial sage temple was incredibly effective at granting wealth, after all, so how could it not be popular?

Boisterous and bustling during the day, the martial sage temple became much more peaceful and quiet at night. Unlike other temples and shrines in the local regions, scholarly temples and martial sage temples generally didn't close at night. After resting in the county city during the day, Chen Ping'an and Cui Dongshan decided to visit the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple at night. Chen Ping'an told Wei Xian and the others to stay back at the inn to protect Pei Qian.

The two of them visited the scholarly temple first, and a scholarly official who had been bestowed the posthumous title of Wenzhen was honored in this temple. He had once worked as an official in the prefecture and brought prosperity to the region, so many scholarly temples in the area, regardless of their size, had chosen to enshrine and honor him.

Why were they visiting the scholarly temple at night? This was because Chen Ping'an had stood atop a distant mountain and gazed over at the county city not long ago, and he had vaguely noticed that dark clouds were gathered above two locations in the city. These dark clouds were filled with murderous aura, and they slowly permeated through the county city.

After Chen Ping'an noticed this abnormal situation, Cui Dongshan had casually revealed the secret behind it, saying, "The scholarly temple and the martial sage temple have fallen victim to a sinister plot, and some cultivators are using these two temples as gateways to forcefully channel and steal someone's fortunes. While offering incense in the temples recently, some locals with innate cultivation aptitude might have seen the divine statues of the scholarly sage or the martial sage shed tears of blood[1]. Some of them might have even received warnings from the two deities in their dreams."

However, Chen Ping'an and Cui Dongshan didn't find anything out of the ordinary when they walked around the scholarly temple. Apart from the yin energy being slightly more concentrated, the divine statue didn't perform any divine deeds. It was nothing more than a clay statue that lacked incense offerings and vitality.

While leaving, Cui Dongshan smiled and explained, "We're outsiders, after all, and we've never offered incense in the scholarly temple either. This local deity had a weak spirit to begin with, and it's already beginning to wane even further. Materializing and conversing with us will be extremely difficult.

"Moreover, this deity is understandably suspicious of us, so it may as well remain in hiding and wait for death. This is naturally a better outcome than recklessly leaving its gold statue and being captured by ill-intentioned Qi refiners through methods such as soul-binding techniques. Falling into the hands of such people might imply a more pitiful fate than having their gold statue destroyed."

A sense of worry immediately gripped at Chen Ping'an's heart when they arrived at the martial sage temple. Even though the temple was already empty, with no one lighting and offering incense, Chen Ping'an could still see wisps of curling smoke rising from the countless sticks of incense when he looked closely. However, though everything seemed to be thriving, there was a hint of chilly yin energy cutting through the image. And this wasn't all. When Chen Ping'an walked over to the large censer and pinched some remnant pieces of the incense sticks, they quickly transformed into ashes and released a vaguely foul aura.

Cui Dongshan had already strode inside the main hall and started to carefully observe the three-meter-tall gold statue with his hands clasped behind his back. This was the martial sage temple of a small county city that didn't have much gold to gild statues, so it was only natural that the clay statues of the deities weren't especially large. Right now, the trapped deity was stuck in a deep slumber, with only two things that it could do. It could either appear in the dreams of the local residents and officials and warn them of the situation, or it could struggle to resist the gradual contamination caused by the incense smoke from impure sources.

After Chen Ping'an entered the main hall as well, Cui Dongshan extended a hand and flicked his sleeve, saying with a faint smile, "Master, you can borrow this opportunity to witness the manifestation of martial fortune in this world."

After Cui Dongshan finished speaking, Chen Ping'an immediately heard a "ding dong" sound in his mind's lake.

Looking up, he saw a golden water drop fall down from high up and eventually land in the censer in front of the divine statue's feet, causing numerous ripples to spread outward.

Chen Ping'an waited for a long time, yet no other golden water drop was forthcoming.

Cui Dongshan sniggered and said, "This is the martial fortune of the Azure Phoenix Nation. If this were the Lu Empire from the past, any random martial sage temple could have produced drop after drop of golden rainwater, so many that they would have quickly formed a stream. This is unrelated to the rank of a deity; it's solely determined by the lifespan and martial fortune of a nation. Moreover, ordinary Qi refiners will be unable to witness this, even if they're powerful earth immortals.

"I'm simply aware of some ancient secret techniques and have learned a few abilities pertaining to the Dao of gods and deities from the old man in the small town's medicine shop, and it's because of this that I can make visible the manifestation of this nation's martial fortune. As for the Water Combing Nation, the Colorful Garment Nation, and the other nations that I visited before meeting up with you, I have to say that they're even inferior to the Azure Phoenix Nation, which can only produce a single drop of golden incense fluid every fifteen minutes. Perhaps these nations can only produce a single drop of golden incense fluid every thirty or forty minutes."

Sure enough, fifteen minutes later, another golden water drop representing the martial fortune of the Azure Phoenix Nation fell down.

Chen Ping'an came to a slight realization. The sword spirit had called Pei Qian a martial fortune prodigy back in Old Dragon City, and that was the first time he had ever heard of such a title.

Combining that with Cui Dongshan's explanations tonight, Chen Ping'an was starting to get a clearer picture of the situation. This was presumably a mystical ability in the same vein as how the water goddess of the Burial River could determine the quality of her incense offerings, and how there were many spiritual herbs and plants in the immortal mountains that could assist cultivators in examining the fortunes of mountains and rivers.

Chen Ping'an smiled and asked, "Are you waiting for me to ask about the situation in the martial sage temples of the Great Li Empire?"

Cui Dongshan cupped his hands and chuckled with his head lowered, replying, "Master is truly able to see through all worldly matters. You have only traveled through the world for a short few years, yet you've already become so sharp and perceptive. As expected of a divine prodigy. As expected of an immortal being."

Chen Ping'an shot a glance at Cui Dongshan and hesitated for a moment. However, he eventually decided to ask, "Won't the manifestation of martial fortune in the Great Duan Empire, the empire with the martial goddess, appear even more magnificent than that of the Lu Empire, Yu Lu's home nation?"

Cui Dongshan laughed loudly and replied, "Naturally. Otherwise, how could the divinely wealthy Liu Clan of the Pure White Continent be willing to put its wager on the Great Duan Empire? Apart from the Commercialists and Diplomatists, many other schools from the hundred schools of thought also chose the Great Duan Empire."
