A slight hint of disappointment appeared on Cui Dongshan's face as he continued, "Apart from viewing the martial fortune of a nation through the golden water drops in a martial sage temple, one can actually observe even more in the official martial sage temple of a nation's capital. In fact, one can even observe the fluctuation of martial fortune due to certain people's actions."

Cui Dongshan walked over to sit on the door threshold of the main hall. Looking up at the trapped and lusterless divine statue of the martial god, he sighed with emotion and said, "Some years ago, I heard that a young boy with terrifying martial fortune appeared in the Great Duan Empire. On the day that he became an official citizen of the Great Duan Empire, the martial fortune that was already very spectacular in all of the martial sage temples directly transformed from a stream into a thundering waterfall. The censers became like deep pools, and countless golden water drops splashed into the surroundings. This caused extremely loud rumbling, and gods and deities were able to hear this commotion from very far away."

Chen Ping'an smiled and remarked, "That person's called Cao Ci. I ran across him in the Sword Qi Great Wall, and I even fought against him three times. However, I lost all three battles, and I wholeheartedly accepted my losses. I hope that I can still keep up with him in the future, and I hope that we'll have the opportunity to spar again."

Looking at Chen Ping'an's calm smile and listening to his genuine words, Cui Dongshan raised a thumb and sincerely praised him. "Master, you are so impressive. Your ambitions are so lofty..."

These words didn't sound like flattery at all. If there were outsiders present—for example, the four martial artists from the picture scrolls—they might even feel like Cui Dongshan was being sarcastic and delivering a backhanded compliment. But Chen Ping'an was well aware that Cui Dongshan was being completely sincere at this moment. These were probably the most sincere words that he had spoken in a while.

However, Cui Dongshan immediately sighed in grief, with an expression of lamentation spreading across his face. "Master, you are so unlucky to be born in the same generation as this person."

Chen Ping'an walked toward the door, and Cui Dongshan also stood up to exit the main hall alongside his master. Chen Ping'an suddenly turned around at this moment and asked, "Did Imperial Preceptor Cui Chan detect some changes in the martial fortune of the Great Li Empire's official martial sage temple? Is that why he sent you over as a messenger? Is he afraid that I'll become a citizen of another nation along with Wei Xian and the others? For example, the Great Sui Nation?"

Cui Dongshan didn't flatter Chen Ping'an this time, and he simply nodded and replied, "Mhm, the old divine lord over there received some news and learned that you were about to start cultivating and now need to refine some bonded items. The imperial preceptor suggested that a transaction be made, and this involves Wei Xian, Sui Youbian, Zhu Lian, and Lu Baixiang becoming citizens of the Great Li Empire.

"If you agree, then the Great Li Empire can help you regarding the refinement of five-colored soil as one of your bonded items. The empire can tell you the final locations of the Five Mountains in the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent. Moreover, the empire can also prepare five kilograms of soil from the roots of each of the five mountains. This will be enough for Master to refine your bonded item two times over."

Before Chen Ping'an could say anything, Cui Dongshan had already opened his mouth again and explained, "It's a matter of urgency for you to refine your second bonded item. However, there's no need to worry. Apart from Cloud Drape Mountain, the Northern Mountain that Wei Bo is ruling over, there are only some slight indications about the Southern Mountain that Fan Junmao will rule over. As for the Central Mountain, Eastern Mountain, and Western Mountain, the Great Li Empire's Imperial Song Clan does indeed have thoughts about which mountains to choose. However, they might not be able to successfully appoint these mountains in the next ten to twenty years.

"In any case, there's no need for you to worry about these things. This is actually a positive outcome, especially since refining the five-colored soil will be much easier now compared to the future. Moreover, you have only just started to cultivate as a Qi refiner, so there's no need for you to refine bonded items that are too high in quality. When the Five Mountains are fully recognized by the imperial court of the Great Li Empire and the Confucian school in the Middle Earth Divine Continent, allowing them to become linked with the fortune of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, then the quality of your bonded item will naturally rise in leaps and bounds as well."

Chen Ping'an and Cui Dongshan left the martial sage temple and walked along the large street blanketed by the night sky. As they walked, Chen Ping'an asked, "This is a transaction that Imperial Preceptor Cui Chan wants to do with me, but what do you think, Cui Dongshan?"

Cui Dongshan stopped and asked, "Are you willing to trust me, Master?"

Chen Ping'an shook his head and replied, "No. But I do want to hear your opinion, even if it's a lie."

Cui Dongshan couldn't help but chuckle. After thinking for a moment, he said, "Then please listen to some of my lies, Master. In your disciple's eyes, having the four of them become citizens of the Great Li Empire will bring a myriad of benefits and zero harm to you. You can use this as a starting point for your discussions with the Great Li Empire and obtain five kilograms of five-colored soil from each of the Five Mountains.

"As for whether you will change your citizenship from the Great Li Empire to the Great Sui Nation or some other random place, it won't be too late to make this decision when the Five Mountains of the Great Li Empire become officially recognized in the future. As for what you will do during this time and whether you refine the five-colored soil as your bonded item or not, this won't take away from the fact that obtaining the five-colored soil is a definitive benefit. In other words, it's better to accept the benefits now."

Chen Ping'an remained silent and continued to walk forward.

After taking several steps, he noticed that Cui Dongshan was still standing in the same spot. Chen Ping'an looked back, and Cui Dongshan chuckled, "I'll take a look at the unfortunate situation surrounding the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple tonight. If there are sinister cultivators and demons causing trouble, then I'll deliver justice on behalf of the heavens and earn some hidden virtue for you. But if this is caused by impure teachings and the local residents committing sins themselves, then please allow me to stand aside and do nothing. We'll allow these temples to decide their own fates."

Chen Ping'an nodded and replied, "I'm fine with that."

He then turned around, planning to return to the inn.

"Master!" Cui Dongshan suddenly called.

"What's wrong?" Chen Ping'an turned around and asked.

Cui Dongshan was filled with righteous indignation as he exclaimed, "Those four pure martial artists who are as measly as ants are so disrespectful toward you even though they're your subordinates. I've conducted myself as a disciple should these past few days, and I could only observe their behaviors without saying anything. This was a devastating experience! I beseech you, Master, please allow me to teach them properly from tomorrow onward!"

Chen Ping'an smiled and asked, "How do you plan to teach them?"

Standing on the steps in front of the martial sage temple's entrance, Cui Dongshan replied in a righteous voice, "I'll naturally abide by your teachings and educate them through reasoning and virtue."

Chen Ping'an didn't say anything else, and he hastily headed back to the inn. While walking back, he mulled over Cui Dongshan's true reasons for coming to this place. Why had he suddenly left the Great Sui Nation's Mountain Cliff Academy?

Du Mao's immortal body that many people coveted, Imperial Preceptor Cui Chan's proposed transaction, and the dark undercurrent accompanying the debate between Buddhism and Daoism in the capital of the Azure Phoenix Nation... Chen Ping'an had a nagging feeling that Cui Dongshan had come here for all of these three reasons. However, these weren't the main reasons.

Far behind Chen Ping'an, Cui Dongshan turned around and walked up the steps, yawning as he returned inside the martial sage temple.

1. Scholarly sage in a general sense, not Mr. Qi's master. ☜

Chapter 382: On the Go Board

Chen Ping'an returned to the inn, and he discovered that Pei Qian wasn't the only one who had yet to sleep. Right now, she was mucking around and blowing the yellow paper talisman stuck to her forehead. Meanwhile, the four martial artists from the picture scrolls were also gathered in a room and waiting for the results of Chen Ping'an's trip.

Chen Ping'an was slightly puzzled about this. Traveling from the central region of the Parasol Leaf Continent all the way to the Azure Phoenix Nation in the southeast region of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, they had already experienced so many dangers and life-and-death battles. Thus, Wei Xian and the others shouldn't have developed such a keen interest in the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple of a measly county city like this. Even if sinister wind and demonic rain howled through a small place like this, it was almost certain that they wouldn't be able to cause any large ripples.

However, Chen Ping'an quickly understood the reason behind their behavior. It was extremely likely that his disciple, Cui Dongshan, would unleash his skills for the first time tonight, so it was only natural that Wei Xian, Sui Youbian, Zhu Lian, and Lu Baixiang were paying close attention.

After Chen Ping'an sat down, Zhu Lian walked over and offered him a cup of tea. Chen Ping'an was straightforward and honest as he explained, "Someone has indeed tampered with the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple. Cui Dongshan will deal with this issue, and it won't delay our journey tomorrow."

Sui Youbian had the most straightforward personality out of the four martial artists, and she asked directly, "Is Cui Dongshan genuinely your disciple?"

Chen Ping'an patted Pei Qian's head and told her to go to sleep. However, Pei Qian replied that she couldn't fall asleep and was afraid of ghosts. She also said that she liked to kick her blanket, so what would she do if the yellow paper talisman on her forehead came loose and fell somewhere? If that happened, then wouldn't the ghosts and demons have an opportunity to target her? Wouldn't that render her unable to protect Big Sister Sui?

Chen Ping'an had indeed explained the rules and taboos pertaining to talismans to Pei Qian before. For example, talismans were able to deter sinister beings when one traversed mountains and crossed rivers. At the same time, talismans would also instill a sense of respect and apprehension in the minds of some low-rank deities and ghosts. However, talismans were also like bright lamps that could easily attract the attention of some malicious ghosts that were unafraid of yang energy, causing them to increasingly detest a person and covet their treasures.

With this in mind, Chen Ping'an didn't force Pei Qian to return next door to sleep. He looked at Sui Youbian and replied, "Even though Cui Dongshan was the one who shamelessly followed me around in the beginning, he is indeed a genuine disciple of mine now. After traveling together for a while, you guys should be roughly aware of his personality and temper as well. He's a fairly haughty person, and he won't be inclined to target you unless you offend or provoke him.

"There are many rules and regulations when traveling around the Majestic World, for example, all those things I said to Pei Qian before. The waters are more dangerous than the mountains, there's no need to wait when entering temples to pray if there are too many people, and so on. Actually, it was Cui Dongshan who told me these things when I traveled around the world with him in the past."

Truth be told, Chen Ping'an was holding back and not being overly direct. In the eyes of the young imperial preceptor, the four martial artists from the Lotus Flower Blessed Land were most likely too weak and measly for him to target them. They weren't worth the extra effort and thought.

However, speaking this truth would be too hurtful, and Chen Ping'an couldn't bring himself to be so blunt.

For example, on the day of their reunion, Cui Dongshan directly mentioned Du Mao's immortal body and begged Chen Ping'an to generously bestow it upon him. In reality, however, Cui Dongshan probably didn't care much about the immortal body at all.

Even though Cui Dongshan was willing to interact with Chen Ping'an, it was likely that his gaze was focused elsewhere, peering into the shadows and the curtains located extremely far away. He was peering at the deceased Mr. Qi; the imprisoned Scholarly Sage, who no longer had a physical body and was integrating with the Dao of the Majestic World; A'Liang, who had already ascended to the heavens beyond heavens and was sparring with the Daoist second disciple; and Daoist Branch Master Lu Chen, who was now overseeing the five cities and twelve pagodas in White Jade Capital.

The fact that the Great Li Empire had been able to build a replica of White Jade Capital's Sword Pagoda was evidence of Naturalist cultivators and Mohist cultivators being present. There was also True Martial Mountain and Wind Snow Temple, both of which were Militarian ancestral forces in the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent. Of the two, the former had an extremely close relationship with the Great Li Empire. In addition, there was also Old Dragon City, which was bustling with wealthy merchants. As for the hundred schools of thought that were independent of the three teachings, only the Legalists and Diplomatists were yet to show themselves out of the most powerful schools. In other words, the Great Li Empire was already favored by my forces outside the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent.

This was what gave the Great Li Empire's Imperial Song Clan the confidence and strength to conquer half of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent.

Song Changjing and the heavy cavalry of the Great Li Empire were on an expedition of conquest on the surface, while the matter of how to defend and maintain their territory was a test of the Great Li Empire's influence and power.

Chen Ping'an had mulled over and understood these things after traveling through the river of time in the Lotus Flower Blessed Land. Perhaps he was still a fair way off the truth, but the general direction of his thinking was most likely correct.

Moreover, the southward expedition of the Great Li Empire was like a complicated game of Go that involved many parties. As for the person who was planning everything and helping the Imperial Song Clan keep on top of all matters, that was none other than the young immortal in white who had re-entered the martial sage temple by himself.

Looking back on his long journeys, Chen Ping'an discovered that each step of his had landed squarely inside Imperial Preceptor Cui Chan's Go board. During his travels in the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, from his journey through the Great Sui Nation and the vassal Yellow Court Nation in the north, the Colorful Garment Nation, the Ancient Elm Nation, and the Water Combing Nation in the central region, and to Old Dragon City in the south, he had never stepped outside the Go board, not even once. It was just that Cui Chan and Cui Dongshan, two halves of a soul split into an old body and a young body, had paid no heed to Chen Ping'an afterward.

Lu Baixiang smiled and asked, "Is Mr. Cui a cultivator with a profound cultivation base? Is he someone who's returned to a state of natural simplicity?"

Chen Ping'an didn't know how to respond, so he could only say, "He was once a proper Confucian disciple from the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent. Afterward, he left his hometown and traveled to the Middle Earth Divine Continent to seek knowledge. His cultivation base... was quite high before, but it took a significant hit afterward. I can't tell what his current cultivation base is, and I didn't ask him about it either."

Zhu Lian smiled with squinted eyes and remarked, "Young Master, you said before that powerful cultivators in this world possess strong physiques that are no weaker than those of pure martial artists at the Three Mind Tempering Tiers.[1] So, I'm quite curious about just how powerful his fist techniques are. If he combines his strength with some immortal treasures, can he potentially break through Wei Xian's Dew Armor?"

Chen Ping'an smiled and replied, "Let me say this first. You guys are free to probe or challenge Cui Dongshan if you want. I definitely won't stop you. However, you also have to take responsibility for the consequences."

"I definitely don't dare to fight for the title of opening disciple with him, so I'll just call him senior brother in the future," Pei Qian commented in a quiet voice.

Cui Dongshan pushed the door open and entered the room, huffing in anger, "Little girl, why are you calling people names behind their backs?! Just who are you calling senior brother? You're a bloody senior brother! Can you speak properly or what?!"

Pei Qian immediately became pale with fright when she heard Cui Dongshan's mysterious and angry remarks.

"How's the situation in the martial sage temple?" Chen Ping'an asked.

Cui Dongshan poured himself a cup of tea and downed it in a single gulp before smiling and replying, "Everything is already settled. I met both the masterminds behind the issues in the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple, and both of them were relatively good-tempered and easy to talk to. If I weren't in a hurry to return and report the situation to Master, then it's entirely possible that the deities of the two temples would have invited the mountain lords over and retrieved those pots of wine buried deep underground to express their gratitude toward me. We might have happily drank wine and chatted until tomorrow morning."

"Who was causing trouble?" Chen Ping'an asked in puzzlement.

Cui Dongshan smiled and replied, "It was a wealthy local who was afraid of death and wanted to live for an extra twenty or thirty years. He has a descendant who's now a member of an immortal cultivation force in the Azure Phoenix Nation, and this descendant didn't learn any good habits and learned a whole heap of bad habits instead. He only learned some of the most basic heretical techniques, yet he actually wanted to change someone's fate with these measly skills, wreaking havoc on the fortune of an area and transforming this into the lifespan of someone else.

"The chaos caused in the area naturally led to a conflict between the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple. Moreover, cultivators who have learned some immortal techniques, especially those so-called young prodigies in the small forces, often have pretty bad tempers. After some slight conflict, the heretical descendant of the wealthy local even tried to steal the gold statues of the deities.

"From what I've heard, the illegal temples in the Fortune Mountain Nation and the southeastern region of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent have largely been raided and shut down by the imperial courts of each nation. Even so, demand for the shards of gold statues still outstrips supply.

"Now that issues have appeared with the incense offerings in the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple, it's quite obvious that the local cultivators are acting a little too wantonly. However, they haven't taken things far enough for the virtuous scholars of the Confucian academies to hunt them down and punish them with death. If the young cultivator and his backers managed to plan things out properly, they could have directly resolved this issue in the imperial study of the Azure Phoenix Nation. News of this wouldn't even reach Lake View Academy..."

Chen Ping'an's mood became somber when he heard this, and he drank a small sip of medicinal wine from his Sword Nurturing Gourd.

Cui Dongshan appeared unfazed, and it was as if he didn't notice his master's stern expression at all. There was a wide smile on his face as he continued, "Deities in the mountains and rivers also have their own fates and fortunes depending on whether their deeds are good or bad. In any case, this current situation is only an acceleration of the inevitable. Once the Great Li Empire genuinely conquers the entire continent, it's without a doubt that all of these forbidden and illegal temples will be targeted. In fact, the Great Li Empire will be even more vicious and swift.

"Right now, officials from the Ministry of Rites are already working together with officials from the Ministry of Astronomy in the regions to the north of Lake View Academy, which is located in the central region of the continent. They're starting to locate and shut down all of the illegal temples in those regions. During the two years that you were away from the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, more than four thousand illegal temples that didn't abide by the etiquette of the Great Li Empire were shut down.

"Moreover, these were only the temples located in the sixty-two nations to the south of the Yellow Court Nation, to the north of the Colorful Garment Nation, and above that dragon channel. Not only that, but this was with the officials of the Great Li Empire accepting benefits and being lenient with the illegal temples. Otherwise, this number could have easily doubled to over eight thousand.

"Lake View Academy was naturally happy to see these illegal temples shut down, so they still sent the assistant mountain master and several dozen noble scholars and virtuous scholars to assist the Great Li Empire even though they were otherwise unwilling to interact with the imperial court. These scholars inspected the situation and drew the boundaries for the imperial court of the Great Li Empire, and the Great Li Empire also gave Lake View Academy a lot of face because of this."

After rambling on and explaining all of these things, Cui Dongshan put down his tea cup and looked around the room. He then smiled with squinted eyes and asked, "What's wrong? Sleeping early and waking early is good for the body. Are you people not aware of how to maintain good health? Perhaps you want to disturb Master and prevent him from resting early?"

Pei Qian was the first to run away. Each with different expressions, the four people from the picture scrolls also left one after another without saying a word.

After everyone else left, Cui Dongshan stood up and bowed in respect before also taking his leave.

Chen Ping'an needed to lock the door, so he walked to the entrance of his room with Cui Dongshan. With one person standing inside the room and one person standing outside, Chen Ping'an warned his disciple, "If you're hiding something from me and secretly interfering with the debate between Buddhism and Daoism in the Azure Phoenix Nation, then it's best that you tell me now. If it's necessary, I'll simply take a detour around the capital and wait for you at the immortal ferry station located in the easternmost region. That way, we can at least avoid conflict between you and me and prevent you, Cui Dongshan, from betraying your master again."

There was an upset expression on Cui Dongshan's face, as if he had just crapped his pants. "Master, you are such a magnanimous person, like the resplendent light that shines down after a bout of rain. When Master and I traveled to the Great Sui Nation back then, I felt like I was bathing in the refreshing spring wind the entire time. Why are you questioning my noble intentions as well?"

He appeared extremely pained as he lamented, "I know, it's definitely the fault of your four subordinates. After interacting with them for too long, their crude and basic ways have inevitably rubbed off on Master to some slight degree. However, there's no need to worry. Starting from tomorrow, I'll..."

Chen Ping'an shut the door in his face and snapped, "Piss off."

Though dressed in flowing white robes and appearing much like an otherworldly immortal, Cui Dongshan started to spin around as he made his way down the corridor. It could be said that he was rolling sideways.[2]

Cui Dongshan stopped for a brief moment when passing Pei Qian's room next door, and he kindly warned the little girl as he spun around on the spot, "Pei Qian, since we're studying under the same master, let me tell you some good news. You definitely won't see the ghost hanging upside down with its tongue sticking out if you don't open your window, and you also won't see the female ghost who's married to the ghost king of an unmarked burial ground, wearing a bright red wedding dress, and lying next to your bed if you don't stick your head out of your blanket.

"If you don't become thirsty and climb out of bed to drink water at night, you definitely won't see the pale-faced ghost whose belly is stuffed full of water grass after drowning... Oh, that's right, some long-haired young girls who have died unjust deaths also like to curl up beside the feet of little girls. However, you don't need to be afraid of them. They look like nothing more than a large pile of hair no matter how you look at them."

Pei Qian shivered in fear as she hid inside her blanket. At the same time, she furiously covered her ears to block out Cui Dongshan's words.

While walking past the rooms of the four martial artists from the picture scrolls, the continually spinning Cui Dongshan only chuckled and spoke outside Lu Baixiang's room, saying, "I heard Master mention that you're incredibly skilled at Go, so I've decided to learn how to play Go from you starting from tomorrow."

Lu Baixiang was studying a Go manual in his room right now, and he smiled and replied, "Mr. Cui, if you don't mind, why don't you play a game of Go with me before going to rest?"

Cui Dongshan had already disappeared down the corridor when he replied, "I'll pass for tonight. One needs to pick the right time and be in the right mood when learning something like Go."

Outside the small inn...

...There stood two golden deities who were invisible to mortals. One stood to the left and one stood to the right; one was a scholarly deity and the other a martial deity. They had stern expressions, and it seemed as if they were two door gods guarding the inn.

1. The Three Mind Tempering Tiers refer to the seventh tier to the ninth tier of martial arts. ☜

2. In Chinese, "piss off" literally means "roll away" (滚), hence Cui Dongshan's behavior. ☜

Chapter 383 (1): Iridescent Cloud Setup

Dawn arrived, and Chen Ping'an had just finished practicing the Heaven and Earth Stance when someone knocked on his door. He walked over to open the door, and what greeted him was a listless and bleary-eyed little girl. By the looks of it, Cui Dongshan's kind-hearted warning last night had frightened Pei Qian quite a bit.

Seeing this, Chen Ping'an told her to come inside to catch up on some sleep. Pei Qian felt immense relief, and she immediately lay down in bed and fell asleep.

After tucking her in, Chen Ping'an sat down at the table and started to read the alchemy book given to him by Earth Immortal Lu Yong from the Green Goat Palace. Even though this book simply explained the process of pill refinement, it was still a secret scripture from a Nascent Tier earth immortal that contained many exquisite comprehensions of the Great Dao. Thus, Chen Ping'an would reap benefits from this book every time he settled down to read it with a clear mind. It could be said that opening this book was sure to benefit him.

The inn was quite basic, with not a single meal provided. Guests would need to leave the inn to look for food themselves. The innkeeper and the workers were also very short-tempered, and Chen Ping'an and his companions had seen them arguing with a group of merchants upon first arriving here. Both sides clearly detested the other.

However, Chen Ping'an had Cui Dongshan, Lu Baixiang, and Sui Youbian to support him, and it was clear that the inn would treat guests differently depending on what said guests looked like. They were much more hospitable to Chen Ping'an and his companions, and they actively recommended a few local delicacies for them to try.

When Pei Qian woke up, Chen Ping'an brought her out to eat breakfast. After they finished eating, they purchased a few other portions to bring back to the inn. Chen Ping'an didn't return to his room, and he told Pei Qian to bring the food to Cui Dongshan and the others. He also told her to inform them that they would be staying in the county city for two more days. He was going to wander around for a bit.

Pei Qian was delighted to hear that they were going to rest for two days. Not needing to travel meant that she didn't need to practice the dry and uninteresting six-step walking meditation. This was simply amazing.

While Chen Ping'an was wandering around the county city by himself, Cui Dongshan, Wei Xian, and the others accepted the food from Pei Qian and gathered together to eat breakfast. Cui Dongshan was filled with gratitude, and he claimed that his master was looking out for his disciple. Where else could someone find a master as thoughtful and well-intentioned as Chen Ping'an? Pei Qian didn't dare to retort, so she could only grumble in her mind. Looking out for him? What a joke. It was clear that Chen Ping'an didn't trust Cui Dongshan.

Cui Dongshan was in a sparkling mood after breakfast, and he smiled at Pei Qian and asked, "Do you know how to play five-in-a-row? Small gambles can bring entertainment, so why don't we gamble one copper coin per match?"

Pei Qian had played this before; it was a simple game that Lu Baixiang had taught her. The rules were very simple and easy to understand, so Pei Qian would often borrow Lu Baixiang's Go set and drag Wei Xian over to play with her. The two of them would engage in intense back-and-forth battles, and the games between them would appear much more lively than the solemn and uninteresting games of Go between Lu Baixiang and Sui Youbian.

The Go pieces would make increasingly loud cracking sounds as they were placed on the Go board, and it was as if Pei Qian and Wei Xian wanted to smash a hole into the board. Lu Baixiang would feel immense regret whenever he saw this.

Pei Qian won more games than she lost against Wei Xian, who was a very terrible Go player. She also liked to goad him when she was winning, yet she would immediately try to retract her moves when she was losing. Fortunately, Wei Xian wasn't too concerned about winning or game etiquette.

Upon hearing Cui Dongshan suggest that they gamble, Pei Qian immediately shook her head in earnest. She wasn't stupid. Even though Cui Dongshan had asked to learn Go from Lu Baixiang, five-in-a-row was a simple game with no barrier to entry to speak of. Thus, Pei Qian wasn't confident that she could beat Cui Dongshan. After all, few people in the world would be as stubborn and idiotic as Old Man Wei.

Cui Dongshan chuckled and suggested, "As fellow disciples of Chen Ping'an, we naturally can't spoil the relationship between us for a small board game like this. How about this: whoever loses the game wins the copper coin!"

Pei Qian's eyes immediately lit up. Winning a copper coin for each game that she lost? There existed such an amazing deal in the world?

And thus, Lu Baixiang brought his Go set to Pei Qian's room, after which the two fellow disciples who were yet to figure out the seniority between them started to play a terrible game of five-in-a-row. In fact, it could be said that they were desecrating the Go set.

As if in tacit understanding, the four martial artists stood together to observe the battle between Pei Qian and Cui Dongshan.

Pei Qian was placing pieces randomly, with each piece being placed as far from the others as possible. Cui Dongshan was no different, and his placement of pieces also appeared completely random. He would sometimes place his pieces beside Pei Qian's pieces, and he would sometimes place his pieces in the north, south, east, and west, respectively. He started to utilize some elementary Go formations, and it looked like Pei Qian was more likely to lose than him.

However, as the Go board filled up and reduced the amount of available space for them to play with, Pei Qian was astonished and pained to discover that it was becoming easier and easier for her to achieve five in a row. When the Go board eventually became filled with crisscrossing black and white pieces, Pei Qian was shocked to discover that she had actually won. She would achieve five in a row no matter where she placed her pieces.

After frustratingly losing a copper coin like this, Pei Qian felt such immense regret that she felt a strong urge to eat the entire Go board. That way, she could retract all of her moves. However, she didn't dare to cheat after she stole a glance at Cui Dongshan who was sitting there and snacking on roasted seeds.

Cui Dongshan shot a sideways glance at the Go board and sighed in sympathy, "Ahhh, it looks like I've lost by a single move. It seems like my gambling fortune is slightly better than yours. How about we play another game? If you feel like a single Go board is not enough for you to display your full skills, then we can add another one, two, or even three Go boards. But we'll need to increase the wager by one copper coin for each additional Go board. I'll immediately pay up once I win a game. You can continue to play and add as many Go boards as you want until you lose and win money. This is quite fair, isn't it?"

Pei Qian hesitated and said, "But we can't fit two Go boards on the table."

Cui Dongshan pointed at the floor and replied, "Then we can play on the floor. What is there to be afraid of? If there are too many Go boards, then we can even play in the corridor outside the room, right? In any case, the more Go boards there are, the more copper coins you can win. My memory is so-so, but I know that your memory is very good. We can ask Lu Baixiang or Sui Youbian to borrow two pieces of charcoal from the inn, and I'll use them to draw up some Go boards for us to use. We'll rely on our memory instead of using actual Go pieces, and it will count as my loss if I remember anything wrong."

Pei Qian turned around and glanced at Old Man Wei. Wei Xian most likely felt like pursuing defeat instead of victory was far too braindead, so he directly turned around and walked away. Zhu Lian rolled his eyes and left the room.

In the end, it was surprisingly the two Go masters from the Lotus Flower Blessed Land who remained. Sure enough, Lu Baixiang left to borrow some charcoal from the inn. Meanwhile, Sui Youbian stood beside Pei Qian and Cui Dongshan with an apathetic expression. It was quite unexpected that the two of them were patient enough to stay here and watch the two disciples of Chen Ping'an squatting on the floor and mucking around with each other.

Chen Ping'an and the four martial artists from the Lotus Flower Blessed Land were well aware of just how good Pei Qian's memory was. In fact, it could be said that her memory was outstanding. This was an innate talent of the little girl, and Chen Ping'an had to concede that he was inferior. Even Lu Baixiang, who was extremely skilled at playing Go and reviewing finished games of Go had to admit that he was no match for Pei Qian in terms of memory.

Thus, after using two entire boxes of Go pieces, Pei Qian and Cui Dongshan were not only competing to see who was more shameless. They were also competing to see who had a better memory.

There were already two additional Go boards drawn on the floor using a piece of charcoal, yet Pei Qian would still achieve five in a row and defeat Cui Dongshan if she didn't add an additional Go board. Thus, she had no option but to ask Cui Dongshan to draw another Go board.

Lu Baixiang quietly left the room, and Sui Youbian departed soon after him.

Standing in the corridor, Sui Youbian asked, "Were you able to determine his skill level?"

Lu Baixiang shook his head and replied, "Five in a row is too simple, so Pei Qian won't be able to draw out this person's true skill even if she adds another ten Go boards."

"If you don't hold back and play with your full strength, how great would the difference between us be?" Sui Youbian asked.

Lu Baixiang smiled and replied, "To be very honest, you might not be skilled enough to make me use my clever plays."

So-called clever plays were skillful moves on the Go board used when both sides evenly matched or when one side wanted to salvage a seemingly unfavorable situation. Skillful moves would be used to seize the initiative and capture pieces.

Lu Baixiang was hinting at the fact that he only needed to play normally as if he were a tiler methodically placing pieces. Playing calmly like this would allow him to comfortably defeat Sui Youbian.

Sui Youbian didn't feel offended or angry. The difference in their skill level was laid bare on the Go board, and she had frequently played against Lu Baixiang during their long trip. During these games, Sui Youbian would either push aside the Go board or place two pieces in the lower right corner to admit defeat. Almost no Go masters in the world would utter the words "I admit defeat." However, pushing the Go board aside or placing two pieces in the lower right corner of the board were both silent ways of admitting defeat.

Even though Sui Youbian was extremely competitive, she had always viewed Go as nothing more than a small pastime. Victory or defeat in Go wouldn't affect her much more important Sword Dao. She wouldn't be a sore loser about it.

Moreover, according to the Go World of the Future Generations that Zhu Lian had once mentioned, the Go masters of the various nations in the Lotus Flower Blessed Land felt immense respect and admiration for the skills of Lu Baixiang. Of course, the Go masters of each nation, each generation, and each faction would still have conflicting opinions when it came to choosing the best Go player in history. But if they were to choose the top three, Lu Baixiang would invariably occupy one of the positions. This was a reflection of Lu Baixiang's incredible skills and reputation in the Go world.

As for the two other people, one was Go Saint Wang Jiyuan, and one was Huang, someone who was later confirmed to be an otherworldly immortal. At the same time, Huang was also the clan rejuvenation ancestor of the Pine Song Nation's Lake Mountain Faction. In other words, he was Yu Zhenyi's senior. It was this person who had borrowed the huge influence and reputation of his sect, as well as his peerless Go skills, to abolish the initial position system.[1]

This was a watershed moment in the Go world of the Lotus Flower Blessed Land, and it had led to the creation of the ancient Go faction and the new Go faction.

Wang Jiyuan was born sixty years after Huang, and Huang had gone missing while in his seventies. Thus, the two Go masters never had the opportunity to play against each other.

Regarding the three Go masters from different generations, the grandmasters of future generations argued incessantly about who possessed more profound skills. Lu Baixiang was undoubtedly the pinnacle of the ancient Go style, while Wang Jiyuan was recognized as the pinnacle of the new Go style. In fact, Wang Jiyuan was also profoundly skilled at all kinds of set formations, so many people were convinced that he could definitely start with a handicap of two moves if he played against Lu Baixiang. In their opinion, Lu Baixiang didn't have the right to enjoy an equal standing with Wang Jiyuan.

However, Go masters who had carefully studied the ancient Go manuals claimed that Lu Baixiang could easily defeat Wang Jiyuan if he were given two or three months to familiarize himself with the new Go style. He could easily gain himself a new disciple and have Wang Jiyuan bow in submission.

There were many spirited debates, and everyone held their own opinions. However, no Go master as skilled as these three people appeared among the future generations, and no one was able to offer a convincing argument about who was the most profoundly skilled of the three people either. Thus, this was destined to remain an unsolved mystery that everyone continued to argue about.

"Don't lose to that person," Sui Youbian suddenly said.

Lu Baixiang smiled faintly and replied, "We'll wait and see."

1. The initial position system (座子制) refers to how a game of Go starts. Using this system, two white pieces and two black pieces are placed at set locations on the board to start the game. ☜

Chapter 383 (2): Iridescent Cloud Setup

Inside Pei Qian's room, Cui Dongshan was squatting on the floor and snacking on roasted seeds. Meanwhile, Pei Qian was puckering her face and on the verge of tears.

She was about to lose six copper coins.

Cui Dongshan consoled Pei Qian and said, "We still have enough charcoal, and victory is far from determined. How about we draw another Go board? You can gamble big and win big."

Pei Qian raised an arm and wiped the tears from her eyes. She then retrieved the scented pouch which Aunt Gui had given her from her sleeve. She was using this scented pouch as a money pouch now, and she reached inside and grabbed seven copper coins from it. These were copper coins that she had earned through blood, sweat, and tears.

Pei Qian gripped the copper coins tightly and appeared extremely hesitant as she stood up and lightly placed them on the table. She looked at Cui Dongshan with a pitiful expression, hoping that he could display his generosity as an immortal and leave without taking her money. Unexpectedly, however, Cui Dongshan chuckled and walked over to the table, grabbing all of the copper coins before turning around to leave.

Before walking out of Pei Qian's room, Cui Dongshan didn't forget to look back and say with a smile, "Remember to return the Go set to Lu Baixiang. Also, don't forget to wipe the Go boards from the floor. Otherwise, Chen Ping'an will definitely scold me severely if he learns that we gambled with each other. He'll also make you copy texts until your arm falls off. As for these copper coins... You should be gracious in defeat and accept this loss. Chen Ping'an certainly won't help you get them back."

Cui Dongshan wrapped his hands behind his head and swaggered out of Pei Qian's room, continuing, "Today is such a nice day. After making some money, it's time to head out to buy a stick of tanghulu!"

Pei Qian stood beside the table and cried pitifully.

Cui Dongshan suddenly walked in reverse and leaned backward, sticking his head inside Pei Qian's room and saying with a smile, "Pei Qian, I'm going to learn how to play Go from Lu Baixiang, aren't I? I want to give myself some good fortune, so why don't you call me Go Immortal? I'll give you a copper coin every time you call me Go Immortal."

Pei Qian's eyes lit up, and she immediately ran outside in a flash, giddily following behind Cui Dongshan. She started to sincerely call him Go Immortal over and over again.

After two hours, Pei Qian had not only returned the Go set to Lu Baixiang, but she had also called Cui Dongshan Go Immortal so many times that she had already lost her voice. The two of them returned to Pei Qian's room, and the little girl squeaked and groaned but was unable to say another word. Thus, she smiled widely and extended her hand to Cui Dongshan, asking for her payment. Seeing no response from him, she hurriedly ran over to the table to write down a number.

Cui Dongshan smiled faintly and said, "I was only messing around with you. Did you really believe me?"

Pei Qian suffered a mental breakdown. However, she couldn't speak right now, so she could only bare her teeth and wave her arms.

Cui Dongshan narrowed his eyes and pretended to poke Pei Qian's eyes, saying in a threatening voice, "If you continue to annoy me, then you won't just be a mute little girl. You'll also become a blind little girl. No matter how angry Master becomes, he can't possibly beat his disciple to death, can he? However, things will be quite miserable for you. What can you look forward to once you become blind? Do you get me?"

Cui Dongshan stood up and stumbled around, pretending to be blind.

Pei Qian had an extremely dark expression. She pursed her lips, yet she didn't dare to raise her hiking pole to smack this bastard to death. She felt an increasing sense of despair, and her expression became blank as she plopped down on the side of her bed. Her heart was as dead as ashes, and her tears fell like rain.

Cui Dongshan suddenly took out something that looked like a silver ingot from his sleeve and lightly tossed it to Pei Qian, saying, "Seeing that you're quite tactful, I'll let you play with this for a few days. If everything goes smoothly with me learning Go, I might even be in such a good mood that I'll just let you keep it. But remember to return it to me first when I play Go with Lu Baixiang."

A smile quickly broke through Pei Qian's tears as she held the hefty silver ingot.

Cui Dongshan left her room again.

Pei Qian placed the large silver ingot on her table, and she didn't get tired of it no matter how she looked at it. She was just mulling over how she could keep this silver ingot, yet her eyes suddenly widened in shock when she saw the so-called silver ingot start to squirm around and eventually transform into a snow-white grasshopper that hopped outside the window, disappearing in a flash.

When Pei Qian returned to her senses, she immediately climbed through the window and jumped outside, desperately searching around the courtyard for the so-called silver ingot. She searched through the overgrown underbrushes, the foot of the walls, and the cracks between rocks for more than an hour, and she even started to dig the ground using her hands in the end. Even so, Pei Qian still failed to find the silver ingot that had suddenly transformed into an insect. Completely exhausted, Pei Qian dazedly sat on the ground with a blank expression. She didn't even have the energy to cry this time.

When Chen Ping'an finished wandering around the scholarly temple and returned to the inn, he saw Pei Qian's skinny and dejected figure sitting on the ground. He called her a few times, yet he didn't receive any response.

Chen Ping'an had no option but to climb through the window and jump outside. Pei Qian's actions were stiff as she turned her head around, and she immediately hung her head and gripped the hem of her clothes when she saw that it was Chen Ping'an.

Chen Ping'an sighed and returned to his room before directly heading over to look for Cui Dongshan. He quickly walked over to the window again, shouting to Pei Qian, "Regarding the seven copper coins, you can win them back if you're capable enough. If you can't, then just admit defeat and accept your loss. You're allowed to play with the bug silver for a few days, but you have to return it to him whenever he wants it back."

Even though Pei Qian was still extremely sad, she still hurriedly stood up and climbed through the window, jumping onto the floor and extending both hands to carefully accept the bug silver that had returned to the shape of a silver ingot.

Chen Ping'an immediately grabbed Pei Qian's ear and dragged her over to the tableside, scolding, "You're quite impressive now, aren't you? You even know how to gamble with other people, huh?"

Pei Qian trembled in apprehension as she stood beside the table. However, she was still tightly gripping the bug silver.

"If you like to gamble so much, then why don't we grab your treasure box from the bamboo bookcase?" Chen Ping'an asked. "You're quite wealthy now anyway, so you can still gamble with Cui Dongshan a lot of times. Should I take it out for you, or are you going to do it yourself?"

Pei Qian shook her head vigorously, a flustered expression on her face.

Chen Ping'an smacked the table and instructed, "Go and grab your treasure box! You can carry it yourself in the future!"

Pei Qian furiously turned around and put on a defiant expression, not crying nor begging for mercy. She didn't look at Chen Ping'an, and she didn't listen to his instructions either.

Chen Ping'an was even more enraged upon seeing this.

Pei Qian gritted her teeth and forcefully threw the silver ingot outside.

Chen Ping'an stood up and went next door to open his bamboo bookcase, retrieving Pei Qian's treasure box before returning to her room and tossing it on her table. He then walked back to his own room again.

Unexpectedly, Chen Ping'an had just drunk a single sip of medicinal wine when Pei Qian sprinted inside like a bolt of lightning, quickly stuffing her treasure box inside his bamboo bookcase before he could even react. She then ran away as quickly as she had arrived.

Chen Ping'an once again took the treasure box and walked next door. However, he was surprised to discover that Pei Qian had locked her door. He was furious, and he felt a strong urge to kick open Pei Qian's door before tossing both her and her treasure box outside the inn.

He stood outside her door for a brief moment.

Inside the locked room, Pei Qian was leaning against the door with her back, as if to prop the door shut with all her might. At the same time, she raised her skinny arms and used the back of her hands to cover her small and tanned face.

On the roof of the inn, the young boy in white, the main culprit behind all this, was lying face-up and resting his head on his arms, with a hint of a smile on his face.

————

Lu Baixiang was completely focused as he studied Go manuals in his room.

Right now, he was studying various Go manuals derived from the so-called "ten games in the iridescent clouds," something that was incredibly famous in the Majestic World. Some people especially dissected the iridescent cloud setups, while some people focused on examining the exquisite moves made in the ten games. It was said that these Go manuals had given birth to many Go experts in the cultivation world.

In terms of playing Go alone, Lu Baixiang had been peerless in the Lotus Flower Blessed Land. Upon first arriving in the Majestic World, he had naturally been very conceited and held his own Go skills in incredibly high regard. After obtaining this Go manual by chance, however, he finally realized why people said that there was always a higher heaven and there was always a more capable person.

The more Lu Baixiang studied these Go manuals, the more he came to understand the profound skills of the two Go players. Disregarding the city lord of White Emperor City who would "respectfully allow the world to go first" and simply focusing on the esteemed person who had the right to play Go with the demonic paragon amid the iridescent clouds, one could see that each of his moves to set up his formations was absolutely spectacular.

Ignoring the city lord's trump cards, the esteemed person's moves were simply stunning, even though he had lost many times to the city lord. In fact, his moves were so incredible that people from future generations would feel as if bursts of wind and lightning were surging out from the pages of the Go manuals and yearning to stifle and engulf them.

Because of this, Lu Baixiang had searched long and hard to collect most of the Go manuals pertaining to this esteemed person's games. In the end, Lu Baixiang had reached the conclusion that this esteemed person's Go skills were without blemish and closely aligned with the Dao. Indeed, most Go masters in the Majestic World regarded this esteemed person very highly, with many of them holding the same three opinions.

Firstly, this person would sacrifice a small region in order to gain an overall advantage, a style that went against the common wisdom of capturing the various important corners. Secondly, even though this person would occasionally play in a highly offensive manner and carve out a sanguinary path, he would largely play in a calm, exquisite, yet profound manner. Thirdly, this person had invented the Avalanche Formation and many other remarkable formations.

Even though many of these formations had already been analyzed and understood by Go masters of future generations, with some of them being directly understood and countered by the city lord of White Emperor City during their ten games in the iridescent clouds, those studying the Go manuals would still invariably be astonished and deeply impressed by this person's creativity. It seemed as if this person were playing a completely different game of Go compared to everyone else.

In Lu Baixiang's opinion, this esteemed person was incredibly unfortunate to have been born in the same generation as the city lord of White Emperor City, a freakish Go talent with no precedent in the past and no rival in the future. He suffered many losses to the city lord because the latter had already attained the Great Dao.

Lu Baixiang studied the Go manual again and again, and he felt like he could only describe the notorious Confucian scholar's moves as "never incorrect" and "never thoughtless."

Lu Baixiang had once smiled and told Chen Ping'an that his biggest wish was to visit White Emperor City. In the depths of Lu Baixiang's heart, however, the city lord of White Emperor City wasn't the person whom he wanted to play against the most. Instead, it was Mr. Cui, the imperial preceptor who had once been the Scholarly Sage's first disciple.

Lu Baixiang put down the Go manual and sighed.

He could most likely visit White Emperor City; this would only be a matter of time. As for playing ten games of Go with Cui Chan, however, there was little chance that he could achieve this dream.

Even though Cui Chan was the imperial preceptor of the Great Li Empire, Chen Ping'an's hometown, observing his style of play was enough to tell Lu Baixiang that this person was an extremely haughty individual. He most likely wouldn't be qualified to play Go with Cui Chan even if he managed to meet him.

In other words, Lu Baixiang was well aware that he was still insufficiently skilled at Go.

However, Cui Chan's actions had caused his reputation to plummet, especially in the Parasol Leaf Continent and the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent. Thus, many people purposely underplayed his skills in Go.

Lu Baixiang felt a great yearning toward three bold remarks that Cui Chan had once made.

It doesn't matter how one sets up in the beginning.

The endgame is simply a process of sweeping the battlefield. Whoever claims to be peerless in the endgame is simply making an utter fool of themself.

Those playing black should learn from Ma Lei, those playing white should learn from me, Cui Chan, and those playing with a handicap should learn from the city lord of White Emperor City. One can learn seventy to eighty percent of Ma Lei's strategies, and one can learn fifty to sixty percent of my strategies. As for the strategies of the city lord of White Emperor City, learning them will do you no good at all.

Lu Baixiang took a deep breath and shot a glance at the Go board sitting on the table in front of him. He was just about to stand up and look for Cui Dongshan, and he presumed that playing the best of three games would allow him to understand this person's skill level in Go.

When Lu Baixiang walked out of his room, he noticed Wei Xian walking over with a strange expression.

Lu Baixiang turned out of the corridor and arrived at a location slightly further away before stopping and knocking on a door. Standing at the intersection, Wei Xian looked over and asked, "Are you looking for Cui Dongshan?"

Lu Baixiang nodded in response.

Wei Xian shook his hand and said, "There's no need to look for him. He's made a bet with Zhu Lian as well, and he's already left the county city now. Sui Youbian also left with them."

"What did they bet on?" Lu Baixiang asked in puzzlement.

"Cui Dongshan said that he wanted to spar with Zhu Lian, and if Zhu Lian wins, then he'll give him a minimization treasure. If Zhu Lian loses, however, then he'll need to prepare a midnight snack for Cui Dongshan every day," Wei Xian replied.

Lu Baixiang chuckled and said in amusement, "Zhu Lian actually agreed to this?"

Wei Xian hesitated for a moment before scratching his head and explaining, "Obviously not. After all, Pei Qian was tricked by Cui Dongshan and screwed over pretty badly, so Zhu Lian was understandably afraid that he would be next to bite the dust. Cui Dongshan said that he could stand in one spot and not move, yet Zhu Lian was still unwilling to agree to his proposal. Cui Dongshan then said that he could stand there and not move his arms or legs either, and Zhu Lian asked him whether he was an earth immortal or a sword cultivator. Cui Dongshan replied that he definitely wasn't a sword cultivator. After hearing this, Zhu Lian finally agreed to his proposal. Sui Youbian also went over to watch them spar."

One short hour later, Cui Dongshan was all smiles as he returned to the inn. Walking behind him, Sui Youbian had a strange expression while Zhu Lian appeared ashen-faced.

Zhu Lian directly returned to his room, slamming his door shut with a loud bang.

Lu Baixiang was quietly sitting in his own room and didn't ask any questions. Sui Youbian walked inside and sat opposite him, saying, "Cui Dongshan said that he's about to come over to learn Go from you."

Lu Baixiang smiled and asked, "How did Zhu Lian lose? Didn't he secretly advance to the eighth tier not long ago?"

There was a slightly helpless expression on Sui Youbian's face as she replied, "That person genuinely didn't move a single muscle. But... he had quite a number of immortal treasures. From beginning to end, Zhu Lian was unable to make it within thirty meters of him. It was as if Cui Dongshan were toying around with a dog. In fact, I wouldn't fare any better than Zhu Lian if I were to face this person."

Lu Baixiang poured a cup of tea for Sui Youbian, yet the stunningly beautiful woman didn't accept it. She shook her head and said, "I won't watch the two of you playing Go."

Lu Baixiang chuckled and asked, "What's wrong? You don't fancy my chances of winning?"

Sui Youbian stood up and replied, "I don't feel like he's very skilled at Go. But I do feel one thing: whatever bet he makes, he is sure to win it."

During Zhu Lian's sparring session with Cui Dongshan, the latter had simply stood there and controlled his myriad of immortal treasures, completely suppressing Zhu Lian and making him unable to raise his head. Not only that, but he had even encouraged Zhu Lian and cheered him on the entire time. In the end, an expression of disappointment had spread across Cui Donshan's face, and he had said that Zhu Lian was truly a useless ant and only worthy of being a cook for his master.

Afterward, Cui Dongshan's words had almost caused Sui Youbian to draw her sword. He had shot a sideways glance at her and claimed that she was slightly better than Zhu Lian. She was very beautiful, after all, so his master would perhaps face the right side when he slept every night.[1]

Lu Baixiang fell deep into thought. After Sui Youbian left, he habitually started to read that Go manual again.

After a short while, the young boy in white swaggered into his room, snacking on roasted seeds as he did so. He didn't sit down after entering, and he faltered when he saw the Go manual that Lu Baixiang had just put down on the table. He was slightly dazed as he asked, "This is what you're reading? The concept of life and death, the essential pieces, formation setups, and game principles?"

"Is there something wrong with this?" Lu Baixiang countered.

Cui Dongshan heaved a sigh and sat down opposite Lu Baixiang. There was a troubled expression on his face as he announced, "Forget about it, I won't learn Go from you anymore."

Lu Baixiang frowned deeply, and he pinched a Go stone between his fingers and asked, "And why is that?"

Cui Dongshan was holding the roasted seeds that he had tricked Pei Qian for in his left hand. With his right index finger, he casually pointed at Lu Baixiang. "You"—he pointed at himself with his thumb—"should probably learn Go from me instead."

1. The Youbian (右边) in Sui Youbian's name literally means the right side. ☜

Chapter 384 (1): Completed Game of Go, Finished Transcribing Texts

Lu Baixiang stood up and smiled as he looked at the handsome young boy with a red birthmark on his glabella. He gestured for Cui Dongshan to sit, and he replied, "In reality, it's not important who's learning Go from whom."

As one of the best Go grandmasters from the Lotus Flower Blessed Land, Lu Baixiang had a feeling that he might play his best ever Go game today.

Cui Dongshan sat down with one foot resting on the chair, and he even bent down to rest his chin on his knee. His posture was in stark contrast to Lu Baixiang, who was sitting in an upright manner.

Cui Dongshan extended an arm and gently ran his finger along the side of the Go box, asking in a lazy voice, "You haven't determined your rank yet, have you?"

Lu Baixiang couldn't help but chuckle. He hadn't imagined that a day would come when someone belittled his skills as a Go player. However, his mental state wouldn't be affected by something as trivial as this. He nodded and replied with a smile, "I've only just arrived here, so I indeed haven't determined my rank yet."

Cui Dongshan nodded and explained, "According to the rules of the mortal world, one can first play three games with a ninth-rank Go official. During these three games, the Go official will have a handicap of three moves, two moves, and one move, respectively. Of course, victory or defeat won't affect the final appraisal. Rather, this is more an act of guidance and benevolence. Lu Baixiang, your fortune is far greater than your skill in Go."

What truly determined a new player's Go rank was naturally their games against fourth or fifth-rank players.

Cui Dongshan suddenly looked up and said, "You might feel like you can play your best ever Go game in a moment. However, let me tell you right now that this is a mistaken feeling. I know that you won't accept this fact, so let me reverse the order and start with a handicap of one move first. I'll then start with a handicap of two and three moves afterward. That way, you'll gain a clear understanding of your own level. What do you say? As for whether we start with an empty board or pre-placed pieces, the choice is all yours."

Lu Baixiang shook his head and said, "There's no need for you to start with a handicap. Even if I lose, I'll still be aware of the skill difference between us."

Cui Dongshan pointed at Lu Baixiang and remarked, "I like your fearless and blind confidence. Alright then, I suppose you won't agree to a match if I start with a handicap. That being the case, let's start with an empty board. However, there's no need to guess stones. I'll let you play black and go first."

Lu Baixiang smiled and asked, "How many compensation points should we give white?"[1]

Cui Dongshan retracted his smile and replied in impatience, "We'll decide that later."

Lu Baixiang went along with Cui Dongshan, and the Go box beside him coincidentally held the black pieces. Thus, he grabbed a piece and went first.

Cui Dongshan allowed Lu Baixiang to set up a renowned formation from the Iridescent Cloud Go Manual. Black one, three, and five took the corners, while black seven defended a corner and black nine formed a diagonal. This was an impenetrable formation that also carried a subtle killing intent. It was as if roaring wind and lashing rain were about to descend at any moment.

Cui Dongshan was unfazed, and played in a very normal manner. In fact, he didn't use a single one of those techniques that future generations would regard as "never incorrect."

Lu Baixiang was like a meditating old monk, completely forgetting his sense of self as he immersed himself in the Go board.

Sitting opposite him, Cui Dongshan was the complete opposite, a real chatterbox. Not only was he playing in a casual manner, but it genuinely looked like he was teaching Lu Baixiang how to play Go. "In reality, starting with pre-placed pieces is more fun. The current trend of starting with an empty board obviously has its benefits as well, in the sense that it can make the Go board feel larger.

"However, if a person isn't skilled enough, they'll use up all of the impressive set formations in the early game. They'll appear to be in a strong position with much territory, yet the middle game will completely expose them and lead them to make incorrect move after incorrect move. It's completely unwatchable, akin to watching an old farmer collect feces from the cesspit, wild dogs randomly biting people, and someone catching loaches from the foul-smelling gutters. That is utterly boring; it's something that will put spectators to sleep.

"When commenting on the initial position system of ancient times, people like to downplay the importance of the early game. They state that things will only become interesting starting from the middle game when both sides begin to fight for territory. In reality, this is still incorrect to some degree.

"Lu Baixiang, your intuition is quite good when it comes to the shape of the Go board. But it's only 'quite good' and nothing else. As for your understanding of Go principles... It's like Sui Youbian's undergarment. To say nothing of touching it, you've never even seen it before, no?"

They were just starting to enter the middle game, and the rambling Cui Dongshan had already used his hand to cover his Go box.

Lu Baixiang looked up and asked, "What are you doing, Mr. Cui?"

Cui Dongshan faltered and replied, "Can you not tell that you've already lost? It will only take another thirty moves at most."

Then, he raised his hand and said, "Well, alright, then let's continue."

Lu Baixiang frowned and continued to play pieces.

One had to admit that Lu Baixiang appeared extremely elegant and outstanding while he was playing Go. Whether he was pinching pieces with his fingers, leaning over to play pieces, or sitting upright to observe the Go board, he appeared extremely impressive and refined the entire time.

However, it was a shame that Cui Dongshan didn't care about this at all. In fact, Cui Dongshan barely seemed to care about the game that they were playing. He made his moves very quickly, and he would wait for Lu Baixiang in boredom after allowing his white pieces to take root on the Go board. In fact, this was probably the main reason behind his rambling. He was far too bored from waiting, so he needed to find something to occupy himself with.

"Truth be told, there's not really a notion of advantage or disadvantage when it comes to starting with pre-placed pieces or an empty board. Many Go players are debating this point right now, and to be very blunt, this is due to their shallow and narrow understanding of Go. Moreover, there was actually meant to be an eleventh game in addition to the ten games in the iridescent clouds. As for the Go board, it wouldn't have been an ordinary Go board of nineteen by nineteen. That would have been far too small."

Lu Baixiang tensed up, and he paused for a long while before silently examining the state of the Go game, which wasn't too complicated.

His opponent hadn't used profoundly powerful offensive techniques, nor had he used smart exchanges or so-called demon saber techniques.

It was as if Cui Dongshan had calmly and casually played half a game of Go with Lu Baixiang, patiently waiting for him to concede the entire time.

Heavy emotions weighed on Lu Baixiang's mind as he placed two pieces on the lower right corner of the board.

Cui Dongshan yawned and said, "Now that's more like it. What did I tell you before? There's no need to consider compensation points for white. Next up, should I start with a handicap of one move?"

"Mr. Cui, how about you start with a handicap of two points?" Lu Baixiang suggested in a solemn voice.

Cui Dongshan laughed and remarked, "He who understands the situation is a wise man. Not bad, not bad, this is worthy of me providing you with guidance for a game."

Lu Baixiang smiled bitterly and remained silent. After calming down his mind, he started to clear the Go board. Upon completing this, he took a deep breath and started to play the second game.

Just like before, it was clear that Cui Dongshan wasn't playing at his full strength. Very early on in the game, he said, "None of my moves are incorrect, so I'll naturally achieve a flawless victory."

After reaching the middle game, Lu Baixiang often needed to think for a long time before making a move.

Cui Dongshan didn't urge him to hurry up, but he would frequently look around and appear completely distracted.

After playing another piece, Lu Baixiang surprisingly took the initiative and asked, "You're simply playing without being incorrect and nothing more?"

"Mhm, that's all," Cui Dongshan replied. "However, my so-called act of not being incorrect isn't a notion for ordinary ninth-rank Go masters. You won't understand this. This is a profound concept that's worlds beyond the mortal realm. That being the case, how can I possibly teach it to an elementary student?"

Lu Baixiang managed to drag this game out to the endgame stages. However, he was still forced to place two pieces in the lower right corner and admit defeat.

Cui Dongshan's aura suddenly changed, and he appeared slightly excited as he suggested with a smile, "Why don't we add a small bonus to the third round?"

"What small bonus?" Lu Baixiang asked.

"Master told me that the four of you were each told one sentence when you left your original world," Cui Dongshan replied with a smile. "I'm roughly aware of what they are already, but I also know that some of you definitely lied about it. It wasn't necessarily a complete lie, more like a half-truth. Logically speaking, you, Lu Baixiang, are the most suspicious of the four people, especially since your sentence was the most useless. But these things aren't important. If I win the third round, you simply need to tell me who you suspect of lying the most. You can say anyone you want as long as you give me a name."

Lu Baixiang didn't know whether to laugh or to cry. "If that's the case, then is there any point at all?"

"Of course," Cui Dongshan replied with a serious expression.

Lu Baixiang pondered for a moment before shaking his head and saying, "Two games are enough."

Cui Dongshan's face was a picture of disappointment as he said, "Your Go skills are good enough for you to become a strong ninth-rank player in the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent. Even though this is only equivalent to ordinary ninth-rank players in the Middle Earth Divine Continent, it's already quite a decent rank.

"If you learn a few more moves and study a few more Go manuals, you might even be able to make a name for yourself in the Go world of the Middle Earth Divine Continent, a place that's filled with countless grandmasters. You're not going to play even if I start with a handicap of three moves?"

Lu Baixiang hesitated for a moment before asking in curiosity, "Mr. Cui, can your Go skills rank among the top ten in the Majestic World?"

Cui Dongshan rolled his eyes and replied, "Go is only a minor Dao, so what does it matter even if I am one of the top ten? Some Upper Five Tier cultivators from the School of Naturalists and the School of Foretellers are incredibly skilled at Go. But so what? Aren't they still beaten to a pulp by other cultivators at the same cultivation base?"

There was a fervent look in Lu Baixiang's eyes as he asked, "Dare I ask, Mr. Cui, how great is the skill difference between you and the city lord of White Emperor City?"

Cui Dongshan pondered for a moment before replying, "There's a Ma Lei playing black between us."

Lu Baixiang gradually calmed down, and he smiled and asked, "If you lose to me while playing with a handicap of three moves, then what will the consequence be?"

Cui Dongshan pointed at the Iridescent Cloud Go Manual and replied, "Then I'll eat this book."

Lu Baixiang simply dismissed this as a joke. He couldn't help but ask, "Then how great is the skill difference between you and Imperial Preceptor Cui Chan of the Great Li Empire?"

Cui Dongshan shot a glance at Lu Baixiang and didn't say anything.

"Sorry for being disrespectful," Lu Baixiang said in apology.

Cui Dongshan stood up and asked, "How do you feel after losing two games?"

Lu Baixiang also stood up, and he replied in sincerity, "I learned a lot, and I feel a sense of glory even though I lost."

Cui Dongshan bobbed his head around and said with a dismissive expression, "Do you have the right to utter that final phrase?"

Looking at the departing Cui Dongshan...

...Lu Baixiang sat back down and started to review the games by himself.

As he walked through the corridor, Cui Dongshan murmured to himself, "Wei Xian... is quite a dangerous individual..."

However, he immediately chuckled in self-ridicule and added, "Even so, what does this matter?"

He suddenly broke into laughter and knocked on Sui Youbian's door, asking, "Big Sister Sui, are you inside? I've already finished learning Go from Lu Baixiang, so why don't I learn sword techniques from you as well?"

1. In the game of Go, points are added to the score of the player with the white stones as compensation for playing second. The value of Black's first-move advantage is generally considered to be between 5 and 7 points by the end of the game. ☜

Chapter 384 (2): Completed Game of Go, Finished Transcribing Texts

After placing Pei Qian's treasure box back inside his bamboo bookcase, Chen Ping'an left the inn by himself and casually wandered around the county city to experience the local customs and traditions.

Even though the county city was small, it still contained all of the necessary essentials. There was a scholarly temple and a martial sage temple, a county office and a private school, and all kinds of shops and stalls selling a variety of different things. There was everything that one could wish for.

There were uneven and muddy paths, willow trees that were sprouting new branches, crowing roosters and barking dogs, and brand new spring couplets and door gods.

There were merchants from foreign lands bustling about and peddling goods with no set location, and there were also little children sprinting through the streets, with most of them still wearing brand-new clothes they had been given for the New Year. They were filled with energy and vigor.

Chen Ping'an continued to wander around, and before he knew it, he had arrived at the martial sage temple. On the way, he had also passed a god of wealth temple that was enjoying a relatively large number of worshippers and incense offerings compared to the scholarly temple.

Chen Ping'an had traveled tens of thousands of kilometers these past few years, and he had discovered something very interesting. Ordinary mortals seemingly respected yet were distant from the temples of larger gods, yet they were quite attracted to the shrines and temples of smaller gods and deities such as the god of wealth, the mountain lords, and all kinds of female deities.

For example, in the Azure Phoenix Nation that was filled with Buddhist temples and Daoist temples, commoners would often offer incense to the gods in the main hall and that was that. They wouldn't stay in the main hall for a long time. However, they would often kowtow sincerely before the feet of the gods and deities who were responsible for ruling over some specific matter. After doing this, they would quietly murmur their hopes and wishes.

Chen Ping'an entered the martial sage temple that only had a small handful of worshippers right now.

The divine statue in this temple was a painted clay statue of a martial general who had a ferocious expression and was holding a steel truncheon. It was an extremely dignified-looking statue.

The temple attendant of the martial sage temple didn't come out to greet him. Chen Ping'an was at the fifth tier of martial arts now, but he was still yet to fully recover from his injuries. This had both pros and cons. In any case, he had a sliver of a chance to fight for that elusive and intangible title of the strongest fifth-tier martial artist in the world. Of course, the prerequisite was that Cao Ci, that supreme prodigy from the Great Duan Empire, had already advanced to the sixth tier.

The most important task when one advanced to the sixth tier was to acquire a Hero's Gall Pill, something similar to the golden cores of Qi refiners. There were two main ways to do that.

The first option was to visit a martial sage temple and try your luck—maybe you could obtain the favor of a martial sage and thus obtain a wisp of martial fortune.

The second option was to visit the ruins of an ancient battlefield and battle with the dead heroes' yin souls that were unwilling to disperse. However, this was very dangerous, as there were few heroic spirits that would wander around by themselves in the ruins of ancient battlefields. Many times, those generals with a heroic spirit would still possess intelligence and command an army of many commanders and a great many soldiers, making them incredibly difficult to defeat.

The immortal book that Chen Ping'an had purchased in Stalactite Mountain described a gigantic battlefield ruin in the Middle Earth Divine Continent. In that ancient battlefield ruin, there was a heroic spirit that was as powerful as a twelfth-tier Qi refiner and also possessed control over the area, similar to how Militarian sages could control battlefields. Because of this, the heroic spirit was essentially as powerful as legendary Ascension Tier cultivators. Not only that, but the heroic spirit also commanded an army of several hundred thousand yin soldiers and many yin generals.

According to rumors, the Heavenly Masters of Mount Longhu all needed to enter this ancient battlefield to train before they could be promoted to Great Heavenly Masters. Many tragic deaths had occurred because of this requirement.

Chen Ping'an had never held onto the hope that he could receive the blessings of a martial sage temple. He had simply strolled over here by coincidence today. Indeed, he yearned to visit those ancient battlefield ruins that were renowned in the history books, and he wished to advance to the sixth tier of martial arts through his fists and his own hard work.

Chen Ping'an was all by himself as he stood in the main hall of the martial sage temple. The martial sage temple of the county city was very small, so there wasn't anywhere to purchase incense in the temple. Instead, worshippers would need to prepare and bring incense here by themselves. Chen Ping'an felt like it would be inappropriate to put his palms together in prayer, so he decided to cup his hands instead, paying respects to the martial sage using the customs of a martial artist. He then turned around and left.

The warm sunshine of spring shone outside the main hall.

Chen Ping'an stepped over the door threshold.

With his bridge of immortality reconstructed and his first bonded item refined, it could be said that Chen Ping'an had now put one foot through the door of becoming a legitimate Qi refiner.

However, this most certainly wasn't some kind of divine fortune. After all, there were few situations in the world where one could have their cake and eat it too. This was especially the case since Qi refiners and pure martial artists cultivated according to principles that were not just different, but simply incompatible. This wasn't to say that there didn't exist cultivators who were both Qi refiners and pure martial artists, but even among several different worlds, there were very few. Some sword cultivators from the Sword Qi Great Wall, a few Daoist priests from the Daoist Saber Room, and the several types of cultivation freaks that Cui Chan had unintentionally mentioned before all belonged to this rare category.

Why did orthodox cultivators view this type of dual cultivation as foolish? This was because the further one advanced, the more likely it was that one would come across dangerous and near-fatal flaws. It was already difficult enough for Qi refiners to form golden cores, and it would be orders of magnitude harder for them to vanquish their internal demons when they broke through to the Nascent Tier.

When Buddhist monks cultivated their Indestructible Golden Physiques and when Daoist priests refined their Untainted Physiques, they were indeed both embarking on the tireless journey of achieving flawlessness. When it came to martial arts cultivation, cultivators were further pursuing the notion of purity.

If one chose to walk two paths in parallel, however, that would essentially be equivalent to asking for pain and trouble. It was very likely that one would fall short on both paths and eventually limit their own potential.

Chen Ping'an was just about to step over the door threshold of the main hall with his right foot as well, yet the spiritual energy behind him rippled, bringing with it a rich and mellow voice that said, "Please wait a moment, Esteemed Immortal."

Chen Ping'an stepped back before turning around and returning inside the main hall. A layer of golden light shimmered over the painted statue of the martial sage, after which a middle-aged general in golden armor walked out from the statue and arrived in the main hall.

The martial sage hailing from this part of the Azure Phoenix Nation cupped his fists and said with a smile, "I need to thank your esteemed disciple for resolving the troubles that plagued the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple, allowing us to survive this calamity. Esteemed Immortal, can you please grant us an opportunity to thank you? Please feel free to let us know if you need anything. The scholarly temple and the martial sage temple definitely won't refuse if it's something that we can do."

Chen Ping'an smiled and replied, "It was purely my disciple's decision to help this time, and it had nothing at all to do with me. As such, there's no need to thank me, Martial Sage. I only came here by coincidence today, so I apologize if I've disturbed you."

"I wish I could be disturbed more," the martial sage sighed in helplessness.

Chen Ping'an didn't know how to respond.

The Dao of gods and deities was truly the most mysterious and mystical.

Chen Ping'an didn't have anything else to attend to right now, so he decided to find a straw mat to sit down on. After setting up some illusion techniques to avoid frightening the mortal commoners, the martial sage also sat down on a straw mat.

Chen Ping'an asked some questions pertaining to the origin and etiquette of the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple, and he also asked some questions regarding scholarly cores. These latter questions didn't appear out of place when weaved in with all of his other questions.

The martial sage answered Chen Ping'an's questions one by one, revealing everything that he knew.

After receiving satisfactory answers to all of his questions, Chen Ping'an stood up to thank the martial sage before taking his leave. The martial sage saw the young man off to the entrance of the main hall. After the young esteemed immortal disappeared into the distance, the martial sage also returned inside his clay statue to rest.

A young man in white walked along the streets of the county city, walking past the lush green trees, walking past the dogs lying stretched on the ground and basking in the sun, and walking past the cheerfully laughing children. The young man continued to murmur to himself the entire time.

"At your age, there are always things that you can't do. There are also things that you can try your best to do, but you still won't be able to do them well. But what does this matter? It doesn't matter.

"In addition, not doing well enough is distinct from doing something wrong. You don't need be afraid if you commit a mistake while you're young. But being young isn't an excuse to give up and refuse to change.

"If you have reasonable parents, then your parents will scold you when you do something wrong. If you go to school, then your teacher will strike your palm with a ruler if you make a mistake. Little Baoping had Mr. Qi and also has her older brother, Li Xisheng. Cao Qinglang had his parents and he's going to school now. But you never had any of these things. Well, it doesn't matter. I'll be the one to teach you.

"But what will be the best way to teach you? There was no one to teach me when I was your age."

The young man from a foreign land walked past some very ordinarily written spring couplets and breezed past a couple of poorly illustrated door gods.

He was in no hurry to return to the inn.

Chen Ping'an suddenly recalled something, and he turned into a secluded alley and retrieved a yellow paper talisman from his jade tablet minimization treasure. This was none other than the yellow paper talisman that housed the beautiful skeletal ghost from the Colorful Garment Nation. While Chen Ping'an was traveling to Stalactite Mountain on Osmanthus Island, Aunt Gui and Ma Zhi, the Golden Core Tier sword cultivator, had helped him establish a contract with the female bone ghost.

However, Chen Ping'an had suffered greatly at the hands of a female ghost wearing a bright red wedding dress during his younger days, so he had an innate dislike of ghosts and yin entities who caused trouble. After leaving Osmanthus Island, he had never allowed the female bone ghost to leave the yellow paper talisman, not even once.

Now that she was finally released into the world again, it was only normal that she felt some slight discomfort. She appeared lithe and beautiful as she stood in the shadows, yet she also exuded a concentrated and chilly yin energy.

She was wearing an exquisite and colorful dress with large sleeves, and both of her hands were hidden inside these sleeves. However, Chen Ping'an was well aware that apart from her beautiful face, the female ghost was nothing but a rack of bones from her neck down.

The beautiful skeletal ghost curtsied to Chen Ping'an, revealing two sections of snow-white... wrist bones. She appeared feminine and frail as she said, "This maidservant pays respects to Master."

Chen Ping'an didn't know where to begin, so he couldn't help but hesitate.

When establishing the contract, Chen Ping'an had learned that the true name of this beautiful skeletal ghost was Shi Rou.

Chen Ping'an continued to wrack his brain for words as he remained vigilant of whether there was anyone walking past nearby.

Shi Rou smiled and asked, "Master, do you need this servant to deal with some impure matters? There's no need to hesitate, Master, it's my duty as a servant to deal with these matters for you."

Chen Ping'an sighed and shook his head, replying, "I don't need you to do anything dirty and unable to see the light of day. You're a lady, so I want to ask you some things that you might have more expertise in."

Shi Rou narrowed her eyes and remarked, "Oh? Dare I ask, Master, does this pertain to the intimate relationships between men and women?"

She smiled and extended a skeletal arm out of her large sleeves, covering her mouth as she chuckled. However, her eyes were ice-cold as she continued, "Who would have thought that you had such a strange fetish? This is truly a blessing for this maidservant."

Chen Ping'an paid no heed to her thinly veiled taunts, and he asked in exasperation, "Would it kill you if you waited for me to finish? I want to ask you whether you ever married, gave birth, and educated children before. Do you know how to establish rules for children and juniors in the family?"

Shi Rou was utterly confused by Chen Ping'an's question. It was clear that this question was completely beyond her expectations. When her soul was trapped in that picture scroll in the past, the old immortal had always instructed her to assist him in his sinister and malicious deeds. She had gone against her conscience and done many revolting things, and that was still a better option than watching the souls of her sisters shatter and disperse.

Even so, some pitiful sisters of hers had suffered the vile wrath of that old immortal, with their souls lit up like candles through an extraordinarily sinister immortal technique. Their souls would become candle wicks that slowly burned down, causing them unbearable pain as they tragically faded from the world. Apart from her, Shi Rou, who else had dared to go against that old immortal?

Now that she had a new master... why were things suddenly so different?

She breathed a sigh of relief and shook her head, replying, "My apologies, Master. I never married when I was alive, and I have little understanding of what you are asking for."

Chen Ping'an nodded and summoned her back inside the yellow paper talisman without saying another word. He then placed the talisman back inside his jade tablet minimization treasure.

There was a dumbfounded expression on the face of the hovering female bone ghost as she was thrown back inside the darkness of the talisman prison. That was all?

Shi Rou felt slightly irritated and regretful. If she had known this earlier, then perhaps she could have made up some nonsense to trick him for a while. Just how long had she been trapped here for? How long had it been since she had last seen the outside world?

She would have been willing to stay outside for a little longer even if it meant astral winds brushing past her like blades through her flesh and spring thunder rumbling over her like blades scraping her bones.

Chen Ping'an walked out of the alley, eventually stopping on the steps of a residence with tightly shut doors. He sat down, hugging his knees as he stared blankly into the distance.

A family of three walked past. The child was innocent and pure, and he didn't have a worry in the world. The rims of the woman's eyes were red; it seemed she was upset about something. The man smiled apologetically and consoled her, and there was a long strip of meat wrapped in oil paper in his hand. However, the more the man consoled her, the angrier the woman became. In the end, she directly grabbed her son's hand and briskly walked away, leaving her husband languishing behind by himself.

The man bent down in slight exhaustion. He had accompanied his wife to visit her family just then, and of the two other sons-in-law, one was an official from the local government and one a teacher who taught at private schools for wealthy families. As for him... he was nothing more than a farmer.

When offering return gifts, his father-in-law had given his two other sons-in-law a pork leg each. However, he had been singled out and given a thin strip of meat. He was naturally angry, and this also caused his wife to feel annoyed with him. However, as a man, could he possibly argue with his wife in front of their young son? At the end of the day, was this not caused by his own incompetence?

The man heaved a sigh. However, he suddenly noticed an unfamiliar young man sitting on the front steps of a residence not far away from where he was walking. The man subconsciously straightened his back and smiled at Chen Ping'an. Only after doing this did he jog after his wife and son who were walking further and further into the distance.

Looking at this scene, Chen Ping'an could sympathize with how these trivial matters would slowly drain a person. Even though there was no common language between them, Chen Ping'an had also grown up in an impoverished family in Clay Vase Alley. Thus, he was well aware of the bumps and challenges that faced people on the bottom rungs of society.

Because of this, Chen Ping'an surmised that the young boy would gradually start to understand his parents' pains and worries when he eventually grew older. Perhaps he would study harder at school, perhaps he would smile a lot less, or perhaps he would realize that the father whom he admired was actually a little pathetic. Perhaps he would start to disdain his father just like his mother did.

Of course, it was also possible that he would help his father carry the thin strip of meat while returning home today. Upon seeing this, perhaps his parents would also reconcile and become as intimate as before. Perhaps they would feel like it was still okay to live on like this.

Anything was possible.

————

Pei Qian was transcribing texts in her room.

When she finished transcribing the required number of characters, she quietly snuck over to her door to eavesdrop on what was happening outside. However, she didn't hear any footsteps even after waiting for a long time.

She leaned against the door and squatted down, looking at the tips of her toes.

In the beginning, she had suffered many blisters on the soles of her feet because she hadn't been accustomed to trekking across the mountain paths. However, she hadn't dared to poke her blisters.

At that time, someone had squatted down beside her and helped her pop them one by one. After rubbing some medicinal herb paste on her feet, the popped blisters didn't hurt anymore.

While Pei Qian was staring blankly at her feet, a familiar voice suddenly sounded outside her door. "Have you finished transcribing the texts today?"

Pei Qian immediately jumped up, loudly replying, "Yep, I've finished transcribing them!"

The footsteps gradually faded away. She then heard the neighboring door softly open and close.

Chapter 385 (1): Ghost Living in an Immortals Avatar

Chapter 385 (1): Ghost Living in an Immortal's Avatar

Sui Youbian didn't open the door for Cui Dongshan. Even when Cui Dongshan told her that he could elevate her sword techniques, sword intent, and perhaps even her Sword Dao by a significant amount, allowing her to essentially gain an immortal sword billet for free, Sui Youbian still remained steadfast and refused to open the door.

Cui Dongshan stood outside her room and rubbed his chin. After pondering for a while, he changed his tactic and asked Sui Youbian whether she wanted to learn about the demeanor of true sword immortals in the Majestic World.

Sui Youbian remained indifferent, and she used a small Dragon Slaying Platform to sharpen Deep Infatuation in her room. She had purchased this piece of Dragon Slaying Platform from Chen Ping'an, and it was only as thick as her hand. This Dragon Slaying Platform could be regarded as a leftover piece from First and Fifteenth's so-called meals.

Even though Deep Infatuation was an immortal treasure crafted by a cultivator to begin with, and it was possible to increase its quality even further, it wasn't a bonded flying sword nurtured by a sword cultivator. In other words, it was still an inanimate object. Thus, Sui Youbian couldn't toss her Dragon Slaying Platform to Deep Infatuation and let the sword do its own thing like how Chen Ping'an could toss his Dragon Slaying Platform to First and Fifteenth. Sui Youbian needed to spend time and effort to temper Deep Infatuation.

Brilliant and mystical sparks of various colors flew through the air as Sui Youbian sharpened her blade.

She was aware that Dragon Slaying Platforms were regarded as the most precious sword whetstones in the world, yet she did not know why this was the case. Even so, Sui Youbian still reaped great benefits through the process of using her Dragon Slaying Platform to sharpen Deep Infatuation. Like gathering and dispersing clouds, wisps of fine and exquisite sword qi shimmered and formed some agile patterns that quickly appeared and disappeared on the blade of her sword. Deep Infatuation radiated with intensity.

It was as if she wasn't sharpening Deep Infatuation alone. It was as if she was also tempering her own sword heart, which was already bright and pure to begin with.

Cui Dongshan found the situation slightly strange. He had come across dozens if not hundreds of people who were extremely passionate about swords like Sui Youbian, and he knew that the minds of these people were actually very simple. To put it in a positive way, their mindset could be described as sincere; to put it negatively, it could be called stubborn. In any case, it was a mindset solely focused on pursuing the Sword Dao.

Observing how Sui Youbian nurtured her sword qi every day, however, it was clear that her true pursuit was sword intent, something that differed greatly from the pursuits of sword experts. It was clear that Sui Youbian intended to switch paths, going from a martial artist to a Qi refiner. She was determined to become a top-notch sword immortal in the Majestic World. Moreover, she was a naive lady who felt like the world revolved around her. Taking all of these things into account, she shouldn't have been as dithering as she was right now.

Cui Dongshan was temporarily out of ideas regarding how to deal with Sui Youbian after being refused entry to her room. If it had been Xie Xie instead, he would have already kicked the door open and punished her with a proper slap to the face. However, there was Chen Ping'an to support Sui Youbian, so Cui Dongshan had no option but to restrain himself. Unable to use his exquisite educational techniques, he could only turn around and leave.

In reality, Cui Dongshan could have revealed something that would have definitely tempted Sui Youbian. However, he was unwilling to use up all of his trump cards so soon.

After returning to his room and closing the door, Cui Dongshan forcefully stomped his foot and summoned the local mountain lord.

The mountain lord was a shapely woman dressed in bold and vibrant attire, quite a rare sight indeed. Cui Dongshan stood beside his bed before leaning back and sprawling himself across the bed. He then kicked his boots off, and he instructed the lowly ranked mountain lord to massage his feet for him. The shapely woman obediently squatted down beside his feet and gently massaged them.

The heavens chilly and the earth freezing, the four seasons cycled one after another; birth, aging, sickness, and death, such was the natural cycle of life.

Those who ingested Qi survived, and this was one of the origins of Qi refiners. This pertained to the true foundations of the Great Dao.

The sages once said that those who eat meat possess courage and boldness, those who eat grains possess wisdom and shrewdness, those who ingest Qi gain the lifespan of deities, and those who ingest nothing gain godhood before death.

The first three points were very easy to understand, yet the final point was quite subtle and difficult to understand. This was due to the fact that the Dao couldn't be revealed, and it was also because the implications behind this point were far too big of a taboo. This pertained to the dead end faced by pure martial artists, and it also pertained to the sages' desire to prevent those in the future generations from tracing the roots of the Dao of gods and deities.

However, Cui Dongshan was aware of the three minor tiers that belonged to the tenth tier of martial arts. There was the Thriving Qi Tier, the Simplification Tier, and the Divinity Tier. The Great Li Empire's Song Changjing was most likely still at the Thriving Qi Tier, yet Li Er—who had advanced to the End Tier after Song Changjing—had already advanced to the Simplification Tier. Cui Dongshan had been astonished when he had first heard this news.

In fact, Cui Dongshan had been so astonished that he had run over to pummel Yu Lu, the young man who was aimlessly wandering around with Prince Gao Xuan of the Great Sui Nation all the time. The battered and bruised Yu Lu didn't dare to fight back, and it was very likely that he was still completely stumped as to why Cui Dongshan was suddenly punishing him. He was even more baffled by what Cui Dongshan said afterward: "You might have toilet paper in your hand in the future, but beware that there might not be a toilet for you to take a shit in."

Cui Dongshan was feeling worried for his little lackey! Different empires and nations would have varying levels of martial fortune, so was it not the case that different continents would also have differing levels of martial fortune? The Eastern Treasured Vial Continent was the smallest continent in the Majestic World to begin with, yet Song Changjing had already reached the End Tier of martial arts at such a young age. Soon afterward, Li Er had traveled to the Complete Reed Continent and surprisingly overtaken Song Changjing, advancing to the Simplification Tier of the tenth tier of martial arts.

Moreover, there was still that old man. It was said that his temperament had changed considerably, and he had now become a carefree and secluded cultivator in the bamboo building in Downtrodden Mountain.

Thus, if it weren't for Zheng Dafeng suffering great misfortune in Old Dragon City and being turned from someone with the potential to reach the End Tier into a useless cripple, then it was very likely that the dead end faced by pure martial artists in the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent wouldn't be the tenth tier anymore. Instead, it would directly plummet to the ninth tier.

Of course, there was also Chen Ping'an to consider now, and there were also his four subordinates who had left the Lotus Flower Blessed Land and suddenly materialized in the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent. As Cui Dongshan's two servants, couldn't Yu Lu and Xie Xie pay some attention and hurry over to a toilet reserved for tenth-tier martial artists? Otherwise, they would have nowhere to take a shit in the future!

Yu Lu was a remnant evil of the Lu Clan. He was the crown prince of the destroyed Lu Empire, after all, so it was only natural that he was viewed that way.

His martial arts cultivation base was continually climbing, and the most critical point was that his footsteps were relatively solid and stable. Apart from possessing extraordinary martial arts talent, this was also in large part thanks to his father, the emperor of the Lu Empire, going crazy and transferring half of the empire's martial fortune to his son.

In the eyes of sages, were pure martial artists not pieces of rock in a cesspit?[1] Were they not hard, foul-smelling, and pathetic?

Cui Dongshan felt very anxious and upset. There were far too many idiots in the world, and these idiots didn't understand his foresight and worries at all. In the past, it was shitty little children like Xie Xie and Yu Lu. And now, there were also these four subordinates following Chen Ping'an around.

Ahhh, Little Baoping was truly the best.

It was just that the temper of the little girl wearing the bright red jacket was a bit too explosive.

Cui Dongshan lay down on his bed and placed a hand on his forehead. He was in a bad mood right now, so he directly sent the shapely mountain lord of the county city flying with a single kick.

The mountain lord smashed into the wall. Of course, regardless of how low her divine rank was, she was still a deity who enjoyed incense offerings from the mortal world, so she was able to avoid making noise as she crashed. She hurriedly stood back up, and she was trembling in apprehension as she said, "Please calm down, Esteemed Immortal. This humble servant apologizes for being so foolish."

Not long ago, this esteemed immortal from a foreign land and with a mysterious background had visited the martial sage temple of the county city and directly dragged her out from her simple underground residence. After doing this, he had then flicked his sleeve and pulled the martial sage out from his gold statue.

After asking some questions and understanding the situation, he had immediately resolved the deep hostility between the two relevant parties. Thanks to this esteemed immortal's help, the gold statues of the two deities in the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple had regained their purity.

However, the reaction of the other party had been even more incomprehensible than this. The clan of that young immortal disciple had been beaming with joy, as if they had obtained some kind of huge benefit.

It was inevitable that the mountain lord feared this esteemed immortal.

A young Abode Tier Qi refiner from the mountains had almost turned the county city on its head, yet in her estimations, this esteemed immortal from a foreign land was at least a powerful earth immortal. She definitely couldn't provoke him. The two deities from the scholarly temple and the martial sage temple had both been extremely bold and stubborn people when alive, yet they had both agreed to his request and been willing to act as door gods for him. They would stand outside the inn for an entire night to express their gratitude. Meanwhile, she was only a measly mountain lord who fed on their scraps. How could she dare to oppose this esteemed immortal?

Cui Dongshan walked over and sat down in front of the table. There was a stack of books which he had casually purchased during the journey, most of them famous works by renowned literati in the Azure Phoenix Nation. Cui Dongshan randomly picked a book to read. However, he immediately started to yawn after reading just a few pages.

He waved at the shapely woman and instructed, "Come here and help me flip the pages."

The mountain lord hurriedly walked over to flip the pages for the handsome young boy. This required some skills, and she needed to pay close attention to his gaze. Otherwise, she would definitely offend the young esteemed immortal if she flipped the pages too early or too late.

Cui Dongshan read another few pages before waving his hand and saying in a dismissive voice, "Alright, you're free to go now. There's nothing else for you to do here."

The mountain lord didn't dare to let her happiness and relief show. She was just about to take her leave, yet she suddenly recalled something, and she debated whether she should inform the young esteemed immortal about this. In the end, she gritted her teeth and recounted what she had witnessed before to Cui Dongshan.

This pertained to Chen Ping'an's short trip from the inn to the martial sage temple. After leaving the temple, he had then entered a secluded alley and summoned the beautiful woman from a yellow paper talisman.

The shapely woman was a mountain lord, after all, so it was as if she were hiding among nature when she remained underground. Even cultivators at the Middle Five Tiers would find it extremely difficult to detect her presence. Of course, it was a different story for earth immortals.

After listening to the mountain lord's words, Cui Dongshan smiled and remarked that she had made a significant contribution. However, he immediately flicked his sleeve and almost shattered her soul. He stopped himself at the last moment, and he even helped her re-stabilize her godly body afterward.

The mountain lord only lost seven or eight ounces of incense essence, or else it would have been time for the county city to look for a new mountain lord. Even so, it would still take her close to sixty years to accumulate this amount of incense essence from the mortal world again. She was astonished and terrified, and her heart was also bleeding at this devastating loss. However, she still didn't dare to show any hint of anger. Instead, she fell to her knees and begged for mercy, sobbing, "Please forgive me, Esteemed Immortal."

Cui Dongshan pondered for a moment before smiling widely and replying, "You've made such a huge contribution, so I should reward you and promote you to the position of formal mountain god or river god in the Azure Phoenix Nation. As for secretly observing my master without permission, this should be a death penalty. A contribution is a contribution, and a crime is a crime. We need to be clear about this, and a contribution shouldn't cancel out a crime. You should have died just then, and you couldn't have been promoted to a higher position even if I wanted to help you. As for the situation right now? Just go home and wait for good fortune to befall you."

Cui Dongshan didn't reveal the reason why he had spared her in the end.

The mountain lord returned underground with a delighted expression.

The unexpected circumstance in the Colorful Garment Nation was none other than one of the many pieces that he had placed on the Go board all those years ago. To be more precise, it was one of the many pieces that "they" had placed.[2]

The lecherous old cultivator who liked to collect beautiful female ghosts couldn't be regarded as an especially important piece. Cui Dongshan hadn't spent much time and effort on him in the past. However, among the countless secret letters sent back by spies that had flooded into the capital of the Great Li Empire like snowflakes, Cui Dongshan had paid slightly more attention to one certain letter. This secret had been very short, with only twenty or so characters to roughly explain the situation. It was very likely that the spy who had written this letter hadn't treated the matter with any sort of importance either.

If this were in the past, matters like this—which the imperial preceptor of the Great Li Empire treated as trivially amusing matters to pass time—would suffer a fate similar to the mountain of secret letters in the secret chamber of the Great Li Empire. They would be sealed away and ignored for many years.

After conducting some investigations due to boredom, and because he was in possession of countless secrets of the Eastern Treasured Vial Continent, Cui Chan dared to say that he understood the background of the beautiful skeletal ghost even better than her previous master.

To cull phrases left and right, such was the act of old literati; to follow clues to uncover the truth, such was the act of Naturalists.

Imperial Preceptor Cui Chan was impressively skilled in both of these areas.

Cui Dongshan stood up and left his room, walking down the corridor before stopping and knocking on Chen Ping'an's door.

Chen Ping'an opened the door and asked, "Is something the matter?"

Cui Dongshan nodded vigorously and replied, "I have a hugely important matter to discuss with you, Master!"

Chen Ping'an shot a glance at him, and Cui Dongshan smiled faintly as he continued, "However, it's up to your luck whether this succeeds or not."

Chen Ping'an started to shut the door, yet Cui Dongshan reacted very quickly and hurriedly extended both hands, forcefully keeping the wooden door open.

"Please allow me to slowly explain, Master," he begged in an aggrieved voice. "If things are as I suspect, yet you are unwilling to listen to me, then you will squander a huge treasure! In fact, two precious treasures will be wasted at once, and you will pointlessly let slip a profound fated opportunity that you should have been destined to receive! I promise, I'm definitely not speaking a single lie!"

Cui Dongshan thought that Chen Ping'an would definitely shut the door on him, meaning that he would need to find another opportunity in the future. Unexpectedly, however, Chen Ping'an actually opened the door and let him in.

Cui Dongshan entered and shut the door behind him. He grinned as he sat down, and he poured a cup of tea for Chen Ping'an and himself. He then set up a restriction, summoning the flying sword that he had won from a sword cultivator from the Middle Earth Divine Continent in a gamble. A flash of golden light rapidly flew around in a circle just above the ground before returning to Cui Dongshan's glabella. The golden light on the floor didn't disperse, and it was as if someone had used golden powder to draw a golden well on the floor.

Cui Dongshan smiled and explained, "The female mountain lord here was quite bold and impertinent, and she actually dared to tail you during your trip to the martial sage temple. She witnessed some things that she shouldn't have witnessed, and even worse than that, she actually dared to ask me for a reward afterward. Does she not understand the concept of respect toward heaven, earth, rulers, parents, and teachers?"

"So you killed her?" Chen Ping'an asked.

Cui Dongshan chuckled and replied, "Why, of course not. I simply explained some reasons and principles to her in a calm and friendly manner, telling her not to make the same mistake again in the future. The mountain lord was also an understanding individual, and it was quite clear that she took my words to heart. Because of this, I blessed her with some fortune and essentially formed a small but positive karmic bond between us."

Chen Ping'an wasted no time to expose his bullshit. "If you hadn't needed to come here to look for me, I assume this female mountain lord would have already been wiped from the genealogical records of the Azure Phoenix Nation."

Cui Dongshan smiled sheepishly and replied, "You have a deeply wrong impression of me, Master. Regardless of the time or the matter, your disciple is always treating others with kindness and respect now."

Chen Ping'an drank a sip of tea and said, "Right, right. Anyway, since you're here, let's discuss the proper matters."

Cui Dongshan also drank some tea to moisten his throat before weighing each word and saying carefully, "Regarding that seemingly useless immortal body... If you're lucky, perhaps you can do something that will please everyone."

Chen Ping'an widened his eyes in shock and exclaimed, "Cui Dongshan, have you gone mad?! To say nothing of whether that female ghost has strong enough bones by Naturalist standards, it won't make a difference even if you ignore these important matters and focus on the more trivial aspects instead. No matter how you slice it, you can't change the fact that she's a female ghost! A woman! And this immortal body is Du Mao's yang soul avatar!"

Cui Dongshan gently twirled the teacup in his hand, with his expression calm and composed as he looked at Chen Ping'an and asked, "Why are you worrying about these things? Even if someone needs to worry about them, it should be the ghost herself, no? Is there any need for you to worry in her place?"

Chen Ping'an was taken aback upon hearing this, yet he surprisingly nodded and said, "That makes sense."

"You're not going to say 'but?'" Cui Dongshan asked with a chuckle.

With a single thought, Chen Ping'an summoned a yellow paper talisman made from special materials and caused it to materialize on the table. The talisman fluttered a little, and Chen Ping'an used a relatively normal "door-opening" technique belonging to the talismanic branch, releasing Shi Rou from the talisman that was both her home and her cage.

Shi Rou materialized on the table, with her colorful garment draping over its surface. Cui Dongshan looked up at her.

Shi Rou looked down, only to see a handsome young boy with a birthmark on his glabella. Even though he didn't speak, it was very clear that his eyes were asking her a simple question: Do you want to die?

Shi Rou had no clue about this person's background, and she couldn't even determine the level of his cultivation base. Even so, a sense of instinctive fear still welled up in her heart. She immediately hovered to the ground and turned around, not daring to face that handsome young boy anymore. She faced Chen Ping'an instead, yet she still felt as if a piercing gaze were stabbing through her back.

Shi Rou lowered her gaze, and she put on a relatively sincere and gentle expression in a rare display. She then said to Chen Ping'an, "This humble servant pays her respects to Master."

Cui Dongshan stood up, smiling as he rubbed his hands together in eagerness.

Chen Ping'an nodded to him, gesturing for him to go ahead.

1. "A stone covered in shit" is basically something or someone that is incredibly annoying to deal with. ☜

2. They as in Cui Dongshan and Cui Chan. ☜

Chapter 385 (2): Ghost Living in an Immortals Avatar

Chapter 385 (2): Ghost Living in an Immortal's Avatar

Cui Dongshan reached over and placed a hand on the beautiful skeletal ghost's shoulder, causing her to feel as if she had been struck by lightning. A boundless murderous aura erupted from her yin body, and her expression also became twisted as her hair billowed wildly in the air. Cui Dongshan paid no heed to this, and he simply raised his hand and slowly lifted her a foot off the ground. He then tightened his grip, lifting her another foot into the air.

However, Cui Dongshan didn't stop there, and he lifted Shi Rou higher for the third time, causing her bones to instantly become loose. It was as if she had been transformed into a sack of broken flesh with no bones. She was like a puppet being forcefully raised into the air so that she wouldn't collapse into a heap on the floor.

Cui Dongshan released his grip, yet Shi Rou remained hanging in mid-air, with her soul trembling in unrest. Wisps of innate murderous aura flowed out from all of the orifices on her face, similar to how people might sometimes bleed after suffering severe wounds. Shi Rou opened her mouth wide as if screaming in agony, yet not a single sound was made.

Cui Dongshan walked around her a single time. He hadn't raised her higher into the air three times for no reason. He had used the measuring technique of fortune tellers the first time, and this had allowed him to measure the bone qi of the female ghost.

He had used the so-called growth-acceleration technique of ancient shamans the second time, and he had then used an even more secretive technique the third time, one that he himself had improved. This final technique was derived from a mystical reading ability that Confucian sages had created, similar to the Eight Direction Attack Reading Technique. At a minimum, one needed to be the mountain master of a Confucian academy to master this technique.

Apart from owning a myriad of immortal treasures, Cui Dongshan had also mastered a huge number of secret techniques, so many that he would rank among the top few people in the Majestic World.

Cui Dongshan stole a glance at Chen Ping'an, only to find that his master was completely unfazed.

By the looks of it, Chen Ping'an was no longer that impoverished young boy wearing straw sandals. He was no longer as naive as before.

Cui Dongshan pushed aside these thoughts and took out a lesser heat coin, flicking it toward Shi Rou's glabella. The beautiful skeletal ghost collapsed to the floor, and her shoulders started to tremble as she used her bony hands to support her body. She couldn't even raise her head anymore, and it was clear that she had suffered immensely at the hands of Cui Dongshan.

Fortunately, the lesser heat coin that had melted into pure spiritual energy in mid-air could slightly lessen the agonizing pain that was torturing the depths of Shi Rou's soul.

"How is it?" Chen Ping'an asked.

"Not too bad—your luck is... only so-so," Cui Dongshan replied with a soft sigh.

The two of them sat opposite each other again.

Chen Ping'an looked at Shi Rou, who was stumbling around as she stood up, and he asked, "I have an unoccupied body that's essentially at the Immortal Tier. Are you willing to reside inside this body?"

Shi Rou was stunned into silence. She genuinely couldn't believe her ears.

This was an immense fated opportunity, so how could a measly yin entity like her possibly handle it? To say nothing of cultivators at the Golden Core Tier and Nascent Tier—whom ordinary mortals viewed as terrestrial immortals—even those at the Unpolished Jade Tier would covet an immortal body shed by a paramount cultivator!

In fact, even supremely powerful Immortal Tier cultivators might be deeply tempted by such an incredible treasure. After all, one could refine this immortal body and use it as a suit of armor for their wandering yin soul, allowing their yin soul to have drastically improved offensive and defensive capabilities. That would essentially be giving wings to tigers.

Even though she was a lowly yin entity—otherwise, she wouldn't have been so easily captured and manipulated by an old cultivator who was yet to become an earth immortal—her knowledge was actually quite impressive due to some specific circumstances.

Shi Rou suddenly hovered toward the door before turning around and falling to her knees, kowtowing to both Cui Dongshan and Chen Ping'an as she begged in a tearful voice, "Please show me some mercy! Please allow this humble servant to gain a body and have the ability to openly walk in the yang world! In exchange, I'm willing to become your servant forever and ever..."

Cui Dongshan flared up in rage, and he immediately raised a hand and made a slapping motion, causing Shi Rou's head to violently jerk toward Chen Ping'an. "Why are you kowtowing to a small brat like me, Shi Rou? Do you understand etiquette at all? When entering a temple to offer incense, you need to offer it to the Bodhisattvas and True Gods! When a worshipper enters the scholarly temple or the martial sage temple, will they run to the temple attendant to kowtow to them? Huh? If you ask me, I'd say that your brain has gone rotten after living as a ghost for six hundred years!"

Shi Rou started to kowtow even more vigorously, repeating the same lines over and over again. She begged for mercy and asked for them to bestow the immortal body upon her. But Chen Ping'an was not looking at her; he was looking at Cui Dongshan.

"Back in that secluded alley, neither she nor I mentioned her name. Will you kindly explain to me how you know her name?" he suddenly asked. "Perchance it was you and the Great Li Empire that secretly planned the calamity that befell the Colorful Garment Nation's Blusher Prefecture?"

Cui Dongshan's expression immediately froze when he heard this. He had truly gotten carried away this time, so much so that he had actually made such an amateur mistake. Fuck... By the looks of it, I should stop playing Go with crappy players like Lu Baixiang. It's going to cause my Go skills to fall off a cliff.

Cui Dongshan hurriedly stood up and bowed as deeply as he could, explaining, "Everything was planned by Imperial Preceptor Cui Chan. Please understand, Master, the calamity in Blusher Prefecture had absolutely nothing to do with your disciple! Not a sliver of that event was related to me!"

Chen Ping'an surprisingly couldn't find any fault in Cui Dongshan's shameless words. He fell silent for a moment before saying in an exasperated voice, "You can get up now."

Cui Dongshan pretended to wipe the sweat from his forehead in an exaggerated manner.

However, upon seeing that Chen Ping'an was actually facing the beautiful skeletal ghost, he could only pause his action and bow deeply again.

Shi Rou was unwilling to stand up, and she continued to kowtow to Chen Ping'an again and again. Her sincerity had already transcended words.

Chen Ping’an turned to Cui Dongshan and instructed, "I'll leave her with you. If it's possible, then help her open the gateway and enter the immortal body. If things don't work out, then there's no need to force yourselves either."

Cui Dongshan patted his chest and promised, "Rest assured, Master, I guarantee that this will be a profitable transaction even if things don't succeed in the end."

"How much compensation should I give you if things succeed then?" Chen Ping'an asked with a smile.

Cui Dongshan was astonished, and he exclaimed, "Respecting my Master, solving problems for him, and adhering to the Dao are all fundamental responsibilities of a disciple. How could I ask for compensation?"

Chen Ping'an chuckled and scoffed at him. "Do you believe your own words?"

Cui Dongshan smiled in a bashful manner and replied, "Not only are you becoming increasingly knowledgeable, but also more and more emotionally intelligent. To pursue Dao with Master, this humble disciple is..."

Chen Ping'an was forced to raise a hand and halt Cui Dongshan's goosebump-inducing words of flattery. "You can stop right about now. Let's be straightforward, okay?"

Cui Dongshan pondered for a moment before returning to his seat and drinking a sip of tea. He then asked in an uncertain voice, "Will you agree to my request if I say that you need to use up all of your gold essence copper coins? Not only that, but the more the better?"

Chen Ping'an nodded in response.

"Master, aren't you afraid that fortune and misfortune will come hand in hand?" Cui Dongshan asked. "What if the female ghost successfully refines and gains control of the immortal body under my guidance, yet I've tampered with things in the process and end up doing something to beteay you? Are you willing to trust Cui Dongshan with such a significant responsibility?"

Chen Ping'an shook his head and replied, "It's not that I trust Cui Dongshan. Rather, I trust the master who gave him a second chance."

Cui Dongshan fell silent.

Meanwhile, Shi Rou was utterly confused by what she was hearing.

She was completely clueless about the verbal sparring between the master and the disciple.

Cui Dongshan extended a hand and picked up the yellow paper talisman with two fingers. At the same time, he summoned Shi Rou back into the talisman and placed everything inside his large, snow-white sleeve.

One had to realize that Chen Ping'an had already refined and gained ownership of this talisman.

The beautiful skeletal ghost was overcome with emotion as she hovered in the intangible void, and she couldn't help but feel increased respect and fear for the young esteemed immortal with a birthmark on his glabella.

On the other hand, she felt little fear toward Chen Ping'an, her true master and the person whom she had established a life and death contract with. Her respect for him was also negligible and not worth a mention.

Why was this?

Because this was the reality of worldly affairs.

After putting away the talisman, Cui Dongshan turned to Chen Ping'an and asked, "Master, are you able to stay here for a few more days? It will only be three days at most. After that, we'll leave and continue our journey whether we succeed or fail."

"That's fine by me," Chen Ping'an replied with a nod.

Cui Dongshan felt slightly embarrassed and guilty as he extended a hand toward Chen Ping'an.

Chen Ping'an took out several pouches of gold essence copper coins from his pocket treasure—this was the compensation that the Great Li Empire had given him as an apology.

He had these coins for only a short time, yet he was already giving them away. Indeed, after Shi Rou successfully entered the immortal body, she would then become a terrifying, bottomless pit that would need a large number of gold essence copper coins to be filled.

Chen Ping'an then took out Du Mao's avatar and allowed Cui Dongshan to put it inside his minimization treasure.

Cui Dongshan walked over to the door before stopping and turning around, asking with a smile, "Master, even though I notified you beforehand, are you not angry with how I dealt with those few people?"

Chen Ping'an shook his head and replied, "If it doesn't pertain to major issues of principle, then you're free to do as you please."

"Then what about Pei Qian?"

Chen Ping'an sighed and said, "I can only tell myself that if she stays by my side, I can always catch her mistakes as soon as possible. This is much better than trying to fix the situation after she commits a huge mistake."

Cui Dongshan wanted to say something, yet he couldn't help but hesitate. Moreover, he wasn't doing this on purpose to manipulate Chen Ping'an. In the end, he sighed, just like Chen Ping'an, and suggested, "Master, it might help you to read some scriptures written by Legalist sages in the short term. After all, using the regulations of etiquette and the moral compass of Confucianism to measure the actions of everyone in the mountains and outside the mountains is far too complicated and exhausting.

"For example, Legalists promote the notion of rulers, officials, leaders, subordinates, nobles, and commoners all abiding by the law. They also promote the idea of not being influenced by relationships and social hierarchy, and using the law to objectively deal with all matters. Both of these notions can be viewed as good strategies to rule over a nation, allowing one to eliminate many unnecessary troubles. Even if you aren't willing to pursue the study of Legalism or fully abide by it, using it to pass time and verify the fact that Confucianism is nutritious food while Legalism is medicinal food will also be quite beneficial.

Chen Ping'an smiled and replied, "That sounds reasonable. Since we're staying in the county city for the next few days, I'll go and look for a few Legalist scriptures to read."

Cui Dongshan bowed in respect and said in flattery, "Your kindness and ability to listen are very impressive; I have to concede my inferiority to you. Thank you for the valuable lesson."

"Why don't you compete with Wei Xian and the others to see who's better at flattering people? The four of them will definitely admit defeat to you," Chen Ping'an said in exasperation.

There was a dazzling smile on Cui Dongshan's face as he closed the door, and he asked, "Master, when you're free in the future, why don't I teach you how to play Go?"

Chen Ping'an faltered for a moment before replying, "Let's discuss this later."

Cui Dongshan left with a wide smile.

The shimmering golden circle on the floor slowly dissipated following Cui Dongshan's exit.

Cui Dongshan returned to his room and sat down with his eyes closed.

In the end, he solemnly retrieved a picture scroll, one that was surprisingly made from the same material as gold essence copper coins.

After Cui Dongshan unfurled the picture scroll on his table, a river of time started to flow, causing numerous images to ripple across the surface of the picture scroll without pause. It was as if the picture scroll housed the most realistic people and matters in the world.

The person on the picture scroll was none other than Chen Ping'an.

The people and scenes that the picture scroll had "extracted" from the flow of time largely revolved around Chen Ping'an and Song Jixin, the two neighbors in Clay Vase Alley.

One pertained to the Great Dao of Imperial Preceptor Cui Chan, and one pertained to the future direction of the Great Li Empire.

These types of mysterious picture scrolls weaved together using the flow of time were incredibly precious items that immortal forces in the mountains referred to as Fleeting Glance Picture Scrolls.

Only paramount Ascension Tier cultivators or powerful Immortal Tier cultivators who were adept at certain ancient secret techniques could use this mystical ability.

Sect-level forces with immense foundations and abundant wealth would often use Fleeting Glance Picture Scrolls to secretly protect the reincarnations of their grandmasters. They weren't trivial items; they were something that pertained to the cultivation of the Great Dao and also used up an exorbitant amount of resources. All those who possessed such a treasure would cherish it with care.

If a person was observed by a Fleeting Glance Picture Scroll, all of the fluctuations in their mind's lake would be completely captured by the scroll. These fluctuations would be caused by a person's speech and movements, their decisions and actions, their laughter and tears, the challenges and obstacles they faced, and so on.

Even the emperor of the Great Li Empire and Song Jixin's mother—Cui Chan's ally in the beginning—hadn't seen this precious picture scroll before.

Cui Dongshan fell deep into thought as he watched Chen Ping'an and Song Jixin slowly grow up, starting as little children and eventually growing up to become young boys. However, his thoughts had already shifted away from the two people in the picture scroll.

After Cui Dongshan completed the end game and stayed in the small town back then, Qi Jingchun had already died and disappeared from the world. However, Cui Dongshan discovered that someone had used a paramount mystical ability to shave a layer off the flowing river of time that corresponded to the Jewel Small World. It was extremely subtle, and it was very likely that even Immortal Tier Qi refiners had failed to notice it, to say nothing of ordinary mortals and earth immortals in the small town.

This signified that someone likely possessed a Flowing Water Picture Scroll, a type of picture scroll that could capture an even greater period of time than Fleeting Glance Picture Scrolls.

It was difficult to say who had defied the heavens by doing something like that. It could have potentially been Lu Chen, one of the three branch masters of the Daoist Sect, and he might have done this for the sake of Li Xisheng, one of his so-called senior brothers. Otherwise, he might have done this for Long Eyebrows, a descendant of Heavenly Lord Xie Shi.

It could have been Ruan Qiong, the sage responsible for looking after the small town after Qi Jingchun, and he might have defied the heavens for the sake of his daughter, Ruan Xiu. Of course, it could have also been Old Man Yang from the Yang family's medicine shop, and he might have done this to help Ma Kuxuan, someone who enjoyed profound blessings from the heavens. Alternatively, Old Man Yang might have been secretly gambling on another young prodigy.

Cui Dongshan rolled up the Fleeting Glance Picture Scroll and carefully put it away in his minimization treasure.

He then used his flying sword to draw another circle on the ground, creating a small world that enveloped him and cut him off from the outside world. Only then did he retrieve the yellow paper talisman, the few pouches of gold essence copper coins, and that incredibly valuable immortal body left behind by Du Mao.

Cui Dongshan pinched his glabella.

Compared to how he had assembled that young boy made out of porcelain in the Jewel Small World all those years ago, trying to have Shi Rou enter and take control of the immortal body would only be more difficult.

Cui Dongshan sighed in grief and lamented, "It's only reasonable for a disciple to alleviate worries and generously provide funds for their master. Fucking hell, I've gone to seek knowledge under two masters now, yet I've ended up as a pitiful money bag each time. Sure enough, Cui Dongshan and Cui Chan are the same person..."

————

Just as Cui Dongshan had suggested, Chen Ping'an visited a few bookstores in the county city to buy two Legalist classics. He burned the midnight oil to read these classics.

During evening the next day, an anxious-looking Cui Dongshan walked into Chen Ping'an's room and complained for a long while. He asked for a pot of osmanthus wine to drink, and then shamelessly asked for another pot of osmanthus wine to take away with him.

On the second day, Cui Dongshan had an ashen expression as he shakily walked into Chen Ping'an's room. Pei Qian was earnestly transcribing texts, and Cui Dongshan asked her to shuffle aside before he sat down and sprawled himself across the table. He fell asleep and snored loudly for an entire hour, and when he woke up, he saw Chen Ping'an performing a handstand and practicing the Heaven and Earth Stance. Beside him, Pei Qian was also practicing the six-step walking meditation. Cui Dongshan silently stood up and left. Of course, he didn't forget to grab the pot of osmanthus wine that was sitting on the table.

On the third day, Cui Dongshan announced that they could only leave on the day after tomorrow. He was glowing with exuberance, and he even brought Lu Baixiang's Go set with him when he visited Chen Ping'an. He stated that he was going to teach his master how to play Go, and with how supremely talented Chen Ping'an was, he would definitely surpass Lu Baixiang in just two or three days. In fact, it was entirely possible for Chen Ping'an to defeat his disciple, Cui Dongshan, in just five or six days.

Before starting their game of Go, Cui Dongshan became momentarily adrift as he looked at the young man sitting opposite him with an upright posture and a serious expression.

Cui Dongshan taught his master the small corner formation from the Iridescent Cloud Go Manual.

No matter how spectacular and powerful this set formation was, and regardless of how it was heralded as a peerless formation by future generations, it was ultimately nothing more than a set formation.

However, Chen Ping'an insisted on studying this formation no matter what.

In the end, Cui Dongshan spent two entire hours explaining the essence and numerous variations of this formation. If Lu Baixiang or any of the Go officials from the Great Li Empire were so stupid, it was very likely that Cui Dongshan would have already unleashed a torrent of abuse at them.

In a very rare display, however, Cui Dongshan didn't show an iota of frustration toward Chen Ping'an, most likely due to the fact that Chen Ping'an was his master. Of course, it was also possible that Cui Dongshan was enjoying this moment because his master—who had caused him to suffer so much before—had never sought knowledge from him as earnestly as this before.

At any rate, Cui Dongshan taught, while Chen Ping'an learned. As the Go stones crisply landed on the Go board one after another, the undulating sounds of their questions and answers slowly reverberated through the room.

Late at night on the fourth day...

Chen Ping'an's hair instantly stood on end when he opened his door. Goosebumps soon covered his entire body.

Standing in front of him was Cui Dongshan, and standing beside his disciple was the blushing "Du Mao." She smiled nervously and said in a timid voice, "This humble servant pays respects to Master."

